https://secure.castlinesystems.co.uk/privacy_policy.html
Privacy Policy Notice
The policy: This privacy policy notice is served by Castline Systems, Friday Street, Rusper, West Sussex under the website; https://secure.castlinesystems.co.uk. The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information through the business and while you browse or use this website. If you do not agree to the following policy you may wish to cease viewing / using this website, and or refrain from submitting your personal data to us.
Policy key definitions:
"I", "our", "us", or "we" refer to the business, Castline Systems.
"you", "the user" refer to the person(s) using this website.
GDPR means General Data Protection Act.
PECR means Privacy & Electronic Communications Regulation.
ICO means Information Commissioner's Office.
Cookies mean small files stored on a users computer or device.
Key principles of GDPR:
Our privacy policy embodies the following key principles; (a) Lawfulness, fairness and transparency, (b) Purpose limitation, (c) Data minimisation, (d) Accuracy, (e) Storage limitation, (f) Integrity and confidence, (g) Accountability.
Processing of your personal data
We are registered with the ICO under the Data Protection Register, our registration number is: Z6540873.
Under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) we control and / or process any personal information about you electronically using the following lawful bases.
Lawful basis: Consent
Where our purpose for processing is: For marketing purposes.
Which is necessary because: N/A
We process your information in the following ways: submitted email addresses are collected and stored in a database for mail shot purposes. Where an email address is submitted through the website, verification of the address is required.
Data retention period: We will continue to process your information under this basis until you withdraw consent or it is determined your consent no longer exists.
Sharing your information: We do not share your information with third parties.
Lawful basis: Contract
Where our purpose for processing is: To provide customer support services.
Which is necessary because: key company and purchase information are required for us to be able to offer these services.
We process your information in the following ways: Company information (such as name, address, email address, telephone number) submitted to us is stored in a database and recalled when required.
Data retention period: We will continue to process your information under this basis until you withdraw consent or it is determined your consent no longer exists. The withdrawal of consent while entered into an annual license/contract will require termination of license/contract.
Sharing your information: We do not share your information with third parties.
Lawful basis: Legitimate interests
Where our purpose for processing is: Updating customer details and preferences
Which is necessary because: Accurate and current records are required for postal and telephone communication and because up-to-date information aids data security.
We process your information in the following ways: information is submitted through the customer area of this website which is automatically updated our customer database. Information submitted via email or telephone is manually entered in to the database by us.
Data retention period: We will continue to process your information under this basis until you withdraw consent or it is determined your consent no longer exists.
Sharing your information: We do not share your information with third parties.
Lawful basis: Legitimate interests
Where our purpose for processing is: To issue essential communication to customers
Which is necessary because: It is essential that customers are informed of relevant matters; such as security updates, regulation/law changes, major software developments .
We process your information in the following ways: Stored customer email addresses are used for mail shot purposes.
Data retention period: We will continue to process your information under this basis until you withdraw consent or it is determined your consent no longer exists.
Sharing your information: We do not share your information with third parties.
If, as determined by us, the lawful basis upon which we process your personal information changes, we will notify you about the change and any new lawful basis to be used if required. We shall stop processing your personal information if the lawful basis used is no longer relevant.
Your individual rights
Under the GDPR your rights are as follows. You can read more about your rights in details here;
the right to be informed;
the right of access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to object; and
the right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
You also have the right to complain to the ICO [www.ico.org.uk] if you feel there is a problem with the way we are handling your data.
We handle subject access requests in accordance with the GDPR.
Internet cookies
We use cookies on this website to provide you with a better user experience. We do this by placing a small text file on your device / computer hard drive to track how you use the website, to record or log whether you have seen particular messages that we display, to keep you logged into the website where applicable.
Some cookies are required to enjoy and use the full functionality of this website.
We use a cookie control system which allows you to accept the use of cookies. Some cookies will be saved for specific time periods, where others may last indefinitely. Your web browser should provide you with the controls to manage and delete cookies from your device, please see your web browser options.
Cookies that we use are;
Session cookies
Google Analytics
User preference cookies
Data security and protection
We ensure the security of any personal information we hold by using secure data storage technologies and precise procedures in how we store, access and manage that information. Our methods meet the GDPR compliance requirement.
Fair & Transparent Privacy Explained
We have provided some further explanations about user privacy and the way we use this website to help promote a transparent and honest user privacy methodology.
Email marketing messages & subscription
Under the GDPR we use the consent lawful basis for anyone subscribing to our newsletter or marketing mailing list. We only collect certain data about you, as detailed in the "Processing of your personal data" above. Any email marketing messages we send are done so through an EMS, email marketing service provider. An EMS is a third party service provider of software / applications that allows marketers to send out email marketing campaigns to a list of users.
Email marketing messages that we send may contain tracking beacons / tracked click-able links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of data such as; times, dates, I.P addresses, opens, clicks, forwards, geographic and demographic data. Such data, within its limitations will show the activity each subscriber made for that email campaign.
Any email marketing messages we send are in accordance with the GDPR and the PECR. We provide you with an easy method to withdraw your consent (unsubscribe) or manage your preferences / the information we hold about you at any time. See any marketing messages for instructions on how to unsubscribe or manage your preferences.
Our EMS provider is; Smart Serial Mail. We hold the following information about you within our EMS system;
Email address
Subscription time & date
Resources & further information
Overview of the GDPR - General Data Protection Regulation
Data Protection Act 2018
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003
The Guide to the PECR
2003
Google Privacy Policy
Small business GDPR policy template
Privacy Notice Policy Base: v.4.1 Dec 2018 - Made available without liability by Jamie King, Website management services.
We use cookies to provide you with a better service. Carry on browsing if you're happy with this, or find out how to manage cookies.