http://seedsave.org/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy
Policy
The best seeds are those you save from plants that do best in your own garden or farm.  Start your seed saving adventure with tried and true varieties known to perform well in your specific climate.  Ask neighbors.  Join garden or farm clubs.  Attend local annual seed exchanges.  More than 500 seed libraries have been started in the past 5 years to help fill this niche.  If you can’t find a local seed libraries where you can check out locally grown and saved seeds with their stories, start one.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.Like most websites, we use cookies and/or web beacons to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website. Please refer to the ‘do we use cookies?’ section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our Privacy Policy, which you are currently reading.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site featureTo send periodic emails
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
belle@seedsave.org
Close Menu