https://senecaparkzoo.org/privacy-statement/
Privacy Policy
Data collection and use
Seneca Park Zoo Society collects aggregate and user-specific data on pages that consumers access. This information may include details about your visit to this website, such as the pages you visit, the items you place in your shopping cart or your response to Seneca Park Zoo Society emails.
We and our third-party vendors may use a variety of technologies and methods that actively or passively collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with our website.  Such methods may include the use of cookies, which are used, among other things, to track usage data and user preferences, to improve the website, to track pages visited while using our website, and to deliver targeted promotional content on our website and other websites about goods and services that may be interest to you.   Third-party advertisers and vendors may also use their own cookies; we do not control use of these cookies and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.  You may disable cookies using your browser’s preferences, but some features of the website may not function properly or may operate slowly if you disable the cookies.  If you would like more information about the practice of using cookies and to know your choices about not having this information used by third-parties, please click here www.networkadvertising.org.
Emails are collected from surveys, purchases, registration forms, email communications, and other avenues. By providing Seneca Park Zoo Society with your email you are giving permission for us to contact you via email. To opt out of such communication, use the email preferences link within each email.
Information such as your name, address, and phone number may be collected from surveys, purchases and registrations. By providing Seneca Park Zoo Society with your address information you are giving permission for us to contact you through the mail. If at any time you do not wish to receive such mailing, please call (585) 336-7200 to be removed from further mailing lists.
Credit card information will be requested for purchases over the phone or online. This information is requested only and not saved. All credit card information is processed in a secure manner that complies with PCI Standards. If there are any problems regarding your order, we may contact you for further information.
Data collection regarding children
In certain cases, we may collect information regarding your child or children in order to register for Zoo programs or activities.  During the registration process, we may ask for the child’s name and date of birth for notification and security purposes, only.  We will not require more information than is reasonably necessary in order to participate in the program or activity for which registration is sought.  This information is requested and used to fulfill a one-time purpose.  We do not disclose children’s personal information to third parties, except to service providers who provide support for the internal operations of the website and who do not disclose or use the personal information for any other purpose.
Data Security
Seneca Park Zoo Society has appropriate security measures in place to safeguard against the loss, misuse, or alteration for information that has been collected. These measures include but are not limited to:
Limited physical access to hardware and equipment where data is stored
Using encryption when transferring sensitive information such as processing credit transactions
Submitting PCI Compliance information annually
Proper destruction of materials containing personal information
IP address information may be collected to track broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP address information is separate from personal information and is not shared or distributed.
Notification of changes
Seneca Park Zoo Society reserves the right to make changes to the privacy policy at any time. These changes will be updated on our website and can be reviewed by consumers at any time. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, or this website, you can contact us by emailing onlinesupport@senecazoo.org.
Last updated April 2016
Seneca Park Zoo Society
2222 Saint Paul St.
Rochester, NY 14621
Donate
Conservation
Camps & Programs
Tickets
Contact
About
Accessibility
Policies
Pressroom
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Follow Us       Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Find Us
Google Maps
Review Us
Trip Advisor
Seneca Park Zoo Society is a tax-exempt 501(C)(3) nonprofit organization. Your gift is tax-deductible as allowed by law.
Seneca Park Zoo is a smoke-free facility.
Copyright © Seneca Park Zoo 2018. Site Design & Development by
EagleDream Technologies
Start typing and press Enter to search