http://seymoursalmon.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, social security number, Health Care Plan Info or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To quickly process your transactions.
• To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third party links
We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.
Google
We along with Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) to compile data regarding user interactions as they relate to our website.
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
Note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Seymour Salmonid Society
Box 52221
North Vancouver, BC V7J 3V5
Canada
(604) 288-0511
——————————-
Last Edited on October 11, 2017
Top
Volunteering
Membership Membership is a small financial contribution ($10 annually) and yet is the very foundation of the Salmonid Society!
Consider becoming a Member today!
Be a Member
Donate! $50 sends 2 children on an all-day field trip to learn how to protect the habitat that fish depend on.
$50 educates one child and her friend.
Donating
Contact Us Seymour Salmonid Society
PO Box 52221
North Vancouver, BC
V7J 3V5
Phone: (604) 288-0511
© 2017 Seymour Salmonid Society | All rights reserved.           Website by Simplify Social Marketing Ltd.     login
Contact Us
+Board+
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy