https://shec-labs.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Software
Hardware
Coding
Web Hosting
Web Design
Security
Sign in
Welcome!Log into your account
your username
your password
Forgot your password?
Privacy Policy
Password recovery
Recover your password
your email
Search
Shec-Labs – Latest Technology News
Home
Software
The Effective Way To Implement EHR In Medicine
Benefits of Using Android on Your Device
Making Intelligent Machines With Artificial Intelligence
The Process Behind Achieving An Effective QA Evolution
Google Has Made Changes In Its Search Algorithm For Highlighting ‘Original…
Hardware
How Does Smart Glasses Work
Battle of the Bandwidths: 5G Vs. 6E
Applications of Filtration Equipment in Chemical and Pharmaceutical Industries
Get Ready For New Exciting 12 Features With New iPhone And…
How Augmented Reality Is Transforming The World Through Apps
Coding
Coding Strategy In 2020
Web Development Road Map 2020
10 Fastest Growing Programming Languages To Keep Watch In 2020
Behavior Driven Development (BDD) And Jbehave
Microservices And Implementation Technology Stack
Web Hosting
Overselling Cloud Hosting Providers Linked To Loss In Business – But…
Understanding A Web Server And Types Of Web Servers
Top Web Host To Put Blog Content Over The Internet
Bare Metal Servers In Web Hosting Tied To Success Of Individuals…
A Surprising Find: Budget Web Hosting Could Make You Spend Hundreds…
Web Design
Steps in Web Design Process
Steps to Create an Outstanding Business Website
Things that Make a Website Design Great
Comprehensive Guide To The Essentials Of Web Design
How a Website could help Turn Around your Dying Business
Security
All That You Need To Know About Juice Jacking
Technology Helps To Enhance The Feature Of Managing The Identity
The Growing Trend And How To Stop People From Signing Up…
How Will You Protect Yourself Against Identity Theft
DDoS (Distributed Denial Of Service) Attack And Prevention
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 21 June, 2019
Shec-Labs (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the Shec-Labs website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at https://shec-labs.com
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to:
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
2,634FansLike3,247FollowersFollow560FollowersFollow
Applications of Filtration Equipment in Chemical and Pharmaceutical Industries
AlexaS -
22 May, 2020
Filtration is a very vital step in many industrial processes, especially in both the chemical and pharmaceutical industries. That is why these industries regularly...
Cyber Security Calling For More Women In The New Decade
AlexaS -
23 January, 2020
The job market for cybersecurity is booming and only expected to rise as more and more companies take the plunge toward digital transformation. The...
The Growing Trend And How To Stop People From Signing Up...
AlexaS -
24 January, 2020
The most talk scam in the year 2019 was $100 million with the use of a phishing email. Face book and Google lost the...
Steps in Web Design Process
AlexaS -
9 November, 2020
Web design is an important venture, especially in the modern technological world. It entails coming up with a website layout, that appeals to visitors’...
10 Fastest Growing Programming Languages To Keep Watch In 2020
AlexaS -
22 January, 2020
The leading repository host platform, GitHub has recently published its most awaited State of the Octoverse report 2019, which provides some fascinating insight into...
Understanding The “Initial”, “Inherit” And “Unset” CSS Keywords
AlexaS -
21 January, 2020
CSS has default keywords for various values. In this article I’m going to talk about three of them: initial, inherit, and the relatively new...
Microservices And Implementation Technology Stack
AlexaS -
22 January, 2020
A microservice is a small, loosely coupled, tightly scoped, and self-deployable distributed service. Microservice Architectures is a solution for the problems faced by developers...
Battle of the Bandwidths: 5G Vs. 6E
AlexaS -
30 June, 2020
More speed and more coverage are expected to come and faster than we may have thought. When the world was equipped and ready to...
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy