https://shop.sciencefirst.com/content/7-privacy-policy
Categories Anatomy Organ Models Reproductive Models Skeletal Models Systems Models Torso Models Biology Biology Kits Botany Cell Biology Dissection Equipment Genetics Human Biology Microscopes Zoology Replacement Parts/Refills Brands Atom Snap 'em™ Daedalon® Fieldmaster® LINX® PHYWE STACO Techbridge Techbridge Parts Trippensee® Chemistry Biochemistry Chemistry Kits Chemistry Models Electrochemistry Environmental Forensics Organic Chemistry Replacement Parts/Refills Classroom Kits Books Classroom Kits Girls and Boys Club Kits Videos Earth & Space Astronomy & Planetariums Earth Science Geology Maps, Globes & Orienteering Meteorology Replacement Parts/Refills Environmental Air Sampling Environmental Kits Field Equipment Laboratory Equipment Soil Sampling Water Sampling Zoology Sampling Replacement Parts/Refills Labware Clamps & Stands General Labware Glassware Beakers Flasks Funnels Miscellaneous Glassware Test Tubes Safety Physics Electricity & Magnetism Electrical Equipment Electricity Electrostatics Magnetism Fluids Properties of Liquid Properties of Gases Gravity Heat Energy Conversion Thermal Expansion Transport Measurement Mechanics Accessories Force & Equilibrium Kinematics Air Tracks & Tables Rotation,Oscillation Simple Machines Motion Optics Optical Bench Diffraction & Interference Reflection & Refraction Color Mixing Spectra Physical Science
Kits Properties of Solids Radioactivity Rockets Waves & Sound Replacement Parts/Refills Technology Data Capture Design Technology Materials Tools Actuators Energy Kits Engineering Measurement & Timing Replacement Parts/Refills Smart Gifts CLEARANCE Health and Harmony KitsPerfect for theClassroom!Watch the video!
Shop Now
> Privacy PolicyWe Protect Your Right to Privacy science first.com respects your privacy. Our guidelines for protecting the information you provide us during your visit to our Web site appear below.Privacy Statement This statement discloses the privacy practices for www.sciencefirst.com. We have designed science first.com so that no personal identifying information is displayed online or is accessible to the general public. You can browse the science first web site and online catalogs without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself.Use of Data For ordering and operations purposes, we collect only the following information about our users: name, account number (if applicable) street address, Zip Code, state, and country, use of equipment and email address. For promotions we collect other information to help us track the success of the promotion (i.e. how you learned about the offer). We use the name and email address to manage registrations. We do not sell or distribute that information to any third party. We do not reveal your email address or other personal information, except to complete transactions with our third party suppliers. The ZIP code, state, and country information is used only to assess our needs in the way of technology, for the purposes of offering the best possible service to our world-wide customer base. We do not sell or distribute this information to any third party. Information such as name, phone number, and credit card numbers are collected through third party partners of science first.com, such as Visa, MasterCard, and American Express.Use of Your Email Address When you provide us with your email address during registration as a customer or make a purchase from us, we will occasionally send you email with recommendations or notices of new products, prices, and services. At the time that you register or make a purchase, you will be given an opportunity to opt out of this service. If you do not initially choose to opt out, you may still block future email of this type, simply by following the instructions at the bottom of the update messages. Eventually, we send email to keep you informed about the status of your orders. These messages cannot be blocked.Registration During the science first.com registration process, we ask you to provide us with contact information, such as name, email address, phone number, ZIP code, state, and country. We do not sell, rent, or share any customer information that we collect on our site except for the purposes described here and to our suppliers for the same purposes. By contract, third parties such as must comply with their own privacy policies with regard to the renting, selling, or sharing of information.Links science first.com contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are clicking to another Web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites, as their privacy policies may differ from ours.Log Files science first.com maintains log files of the traffic that visits the science first.com site. We do not link any information gathered in these log files to personally identifying information. Log files are used to manage traffic loads and information technology requirements for providing reliable service. Information collected includes IP addresses and browser types.Feedback We collect user feedback. Users who would like a response to specific questions concerning the service or their subscriptions are directed to the customer service area. These questions will be responded to as quickly as possible. We read all of our customer service queries and use the information contained therein only to resolve the question at hand.Update User Information Users can update or correct, their personal information on science first.com by changing their profile information in the "Account Sign In". If you have and questions e-mail us at info@sciencefirst.com. Information security All information gathered on the science first.com site is stored and maintained in secure facilities that limit access to authorized personnel only. Our personnel can only access the information through a series of access-control procedures. All science first.com employees are briefed about the companys privacy and security policies on a regular basis. The science first.com Web site is regularly tested for security breaches to ensure that all information collected is secure from unauthorized viewing. We currently employ Secured Socket Layer (SSL) security protocol.