https://simapro.com/disclaimer-and-privacy-statement/
Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions and End User Licence Agreements
Find here an overview of the Terms and End User Licence Agreements
Privacy and Cookie Statement
We care about your privacy. Please read how your data is collected and processed in our Privacy and Cookie Statement.
Disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by PRé Sustainability B.V. and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, PRé Sustainability B.V. takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Referrals
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of PRé Sustainability B.V. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Copyright
© PRé Sustainability B.V., Amersfoort, The Netherlands.
Stationsplein 121
3818 LE Amersfoort,  The Netherlands
Phone: 00 31 33 4504010
http://www.pre-sustainability.com
editorial@pre-sustainability.com
Website
You are free to use the information on these pages for educational or informational purposes, provided that you clearly state that the information originates from PRé Sustainability, the Netherlands, www.pre-sustainability.com.
Software and manuals
The demo versions of SimaPro and ECO-it, and their manuals may be copied as much as you need, provided that you clearly state that it is a SimaPro or ECO-it demo version by PRé Sustainability.
You are not allowed to charge any money for the demo versions or demo manuals. It is not allowed to make any attempt to remove restrictions in the demo versions or demo manuals.
Prices and conditions
A license agreement is applicable on all our software tools. Please read these before you order. All prices mentioned are exclusive of VAT. Companies in the EU, except in the Netherlands, are VAT exempt only if their VAT number is stated on the order. Companies outside the EU are always VAT exempt. Any import taxes, duties or fees are to be paid by the ordering party. Payments are due in Euro (EUR). As our local partners charge in their local currency, deviations in price can occur due to currency exchange rate fluctuations. Prices, VAT rates, terms of delivery, software license conditions and specifications are subject to change without prior notice. Read the End User Licence Agreements
Legal status
PRé Sustainability B.V. is fully owned by the management and registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce (Amersfoort) under number 32099599. Our VAT number is NL 812691003B01.
"We have been using SimaPro for over a decade now. Currently as a server application, which is much more convenient when you have several users. We often need to go deep into the inventory to see where specific impacts come from, with SimaPro this is possible. Also working with parameters makes SimaPro extra valuable."
Products & Services
With SimaPro, you get a best in-class software solution that suits your needs, and the certainty that you won’t find any hidden costs. There is a variety of licenses available for business, educational
and academic purposes. Find the license that suits your needs best.
Try SimaPro Today
Find a licence