http://sites.duke.edu/policies/
Main menu
Skip to content
LOGIN
About
Themes & Plugins
History
Governance
Contact
FAQs
Policies
Help Documentation
Help
Acceptable Use
All users of the Duke WordPress service agree to follow Duke’s acceptable computing use guidelines (http://security.duke.edu/duke-acceptable-use-policy). Duke employees who use the service also agree to follow Duke policies on the use of computing and electronic resources, the standard of conduct, and non-solicitation.
Copyright
Users of the Sites@Duke service grant to Duke and its agents a non-exclusive license to use all content posted in blogs and sites hosted in the tool. The writer of the page, blog entry, and/or comment retains the copyright to that content.
Privacy
Duke NetID and WordPress accounts and passwords are specific to the individual and may not be shared with others.
Blog users in academic courses who do not wish to blog using their real identity may arrange with the course instructor to use a pseudonym.
Comments
All blogs in the Duke WordPress service must have comments moderated (i.e. reviewed prior to publication). Blogs will be set up with moderation enabled, and blog owners are responsible for ensuring that moderation takes place.
Governance
Sites@Duke is updated weekly with security upgrades and feature requests submitted by users. Read more about the Duke WordPress governance process.
Scope of Service
Sites@Duke provides a pre-configured environment with a robust set of themes and plug-ins that site owners can use to create their own web space. Sites@Dukes is not a custom development environment, which means that users may not install their own themes or plugins or obtain access to the back end of the service. The Sites@Duke team provides technical assistance with the basic service, but does not provide web design consultation, in-depth personalized training, or assistance with custom CSS or other design and development tasks. Other assistance may be available; please review our Help section for more information.
Access to create sites is available to individuals with official Duke faculty, staff, or student status. Others may participate in a site when invited to do so by the site owner but do not have access to create sites.
Terms of Service
Sites@Duke is provided to members of the Duke community at no charge. There are two primary uses of this service: for official courses (which includes automated connections to course rosters) and non-course uses. A standard set of configuration options are available. Data retention policies (which determine how long content remains on the Sites@Duke system), such as Duke’s Data Retention Guidelines, may apply.
The Duke Data Classification standard defines three classes of information: Sensitive, Restricted, and Public. Each classification tier requires a specific level of technical and procedural security controls. The Sites@Duke service is an appropriate location only for Public data, and all users of the service agree to only publish Public data on it. (The Data Classification standard can be found at https://security.duke.edu/policies/data-classification-standard; the technical standards are listed on https://security.duke.edu/duke-it-security-standards-and-procedures.)
Copy of Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Agreement for Instructors for course use
NOTE: This is a copy of the information that is provided to instructors when they first create a WordPress site.
Before anyone can start using this service, an Instructor must read and agree to the following Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, including any future amendments.
I understand that all blog comments must be moderated by me or my designate prior to publication (if they are enabled at all).
I understand that use of Duke’s instance of the WordPress blog/web publishing tool requires adherence to Duke’s acceptable use guidelines and that access may be revoked for any blog participant (whether from Duke or from outside of Duke) who does not follow these guidelines.
I understand that as the blog owner, I have sole responsibility for informing participants in this blog about the nature of its availability – i.e. whether it is generally available, viewable by authorized users, etc.
I understand that I will be added to a mailing list in order to receive periodic notifications of upgrades and major changes to the Duke WordPress instance. Membership on this list is required as long as I manage a blog or site in Duke WordPress.
I understand that use of the Duke WordPress instance is subject to university data retention policies, and that associated blogs and sites may be removed or archived by the university at a later time in accordance with published, formal guidelines.
I understand that 5 years after blog/site creation, I will receive email prompting me to renew my blog/site. If I or another administrator of my blog/site don’t follow the renewal process, I understand that my blog/site will be deleted.
By clicking “I agree” you are indicating that you have read and agree to the above Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Copy of Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Agreement for Owners of Non-Course Sites
NOTE: This is a copy of the information that is provided to Duke faculty, students, and staff when they first create a WordPress site for non-course use.
I understand that all blog comments must be moderated by me or my designate prior to publication (if they are enabled at all).
I understand that use of Duke’s instance of the WordPress blog/web publishing tool requires adherence to Duke’s acceptable use guidelines and that access may be revoked for any blog participant (whether from Duke or from outside of Duke) who does not follow these guidelines or the Duke WordPress Terms and Conditions.
I understand that as the blog/site owner, I have sole responsibility for informing participants in this blog about the nature of its availability – i.e. whether it is generally available, viewable by authorized users, etc.
I understand that use of the Duke WordPress instance is subject to university data retention policies, and that associated blogs and sites may be removed or archived by the university at a later time in accordance with published, formal guidelines.
I understand that 2 years after blog/site creation, I will receive email prompting me to renew my blog/site. If I or another administrator of my blog/site don’t follow the renewal process, I understand that my blog/site will be deleted.
I understand that I will be added to a mailing list in order to receive periodic notifications of upgrades and major changes to the Duke WordPress instance. Membership on this list is required as long as I manage a blog or site in Duke WordPress.
I understand that these Terms and Conditions may be modified at a future date in accordance with Duke WordPress governance procedures.
Duke University
Sites@Duke is powered by WordPress at Duke WordPress Sites. Please read the Duke Wordpress Policies.
Contact the Duke WordPress team.