http://sivb.org/about-sivb/privacy-policy-and-disclaimers.html
SIVB Home
About SIVB
Awards
Distinguished Scientist Award Criteria
Fellow Award Criteria
Lifetime Achievement Award Criteria
Student Awards
Cellular Toxicology Award
Wilton R. Earle Award
Honor B. Fell Award
Hope E. Hopps Award
Joseph F. Morgan Award
The Gordon Sato and Wally McKeehan Award
SIVB Student Travel Awards
John S. Song Award
Philip R. White Memorial Award
Young Scientist Award Criteria
Nominations Form
Bylaws
Committees
Awards Committee
Constitution and Bylaws Committee
Development Committee
Education Committee
Finance Committee
Laboratory Materials and Biosafety Committee
Long Range Planning Committee
Membership Committee
Nominating Committee
Program Committee
Public Policy Committee
Publications Committee
Records & Historical Committee and History Society
SIVB Representatives
Ad Hoc Student Committee
Student Affairs Committee
Constitution
Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct
Meeting Code of Conduct
History
Minutes
Officers
Board of Directors
In Vitro Animal Cell Sciences Section Officers
Plant Biotechnology Section Officers
Privacy Policy and Disclaimers
Staff
SIVB Membership
SIVB Membership Benefits
SIVB Membership Opportunities
Member-Get-a-Member Referral Form
Membership Application
Membership Renewal
SIVB Publications
In Vitro – Animal
About In Vitro – Animal
Recent Articles
Member Access
Archives
Info for Authors
Copyright – In Vitro Animal
In Vitro Animal – Editorial Board
Subscriptions
Online Submissions
Advertising Rates
In Vitro – Plant
About In Vitro – Plant
Recent Articles
Member Access
Archives
Info for Authors
Copyright – In Vitro Plant
In Vitro Plant – Editorial Board
Subscriptions
Online Submissions
Advertising Rates
In Vitro Report
Publications Reproduction Permission
SIVB Bookstore
Annual Report
Discussion Forum
Education
Educational Opportunities
Protocols
Film Library
Terminology
GMO Crop Photo Depot
Education Committee
Upcoming Events
Submit an Event
Employment
Other Resources
Post a Job
Professional Development
Search for a Job
SIVB Marketing
Advertising Rates
Exhibitors
Mailing List Rental
PR/Media Links
Meetings
Public Policy
Forum
Privacy Policy:
The Society for In Vitro Biology respects the privacy of our members and those who visit our website. The Privacy Policy following governs how we collect, store, and use information about our visitors. The SIVB reserves the right to change this privacy statement at any time based on new technologies, new business practices, and changing needs of our visitors. Questions or suggestions on how to improve this policy should be sent to sivb@sivb.org.
What Information Is Being Collected?
For General Users
SIVB does not collect any personal identifying information from users just browsing our website. Our server collects aggregate data, such as your IP address and the number of hits per page. These data are gathered in this manner for quality control, statistical purposes and improvement of our site. They are not shared.
For SIVB Members, Meeting Registrants, and Other Customers
Personal information collected from you is used to fulfill a service such as meeting registration, membership renewal, newsletter notifications, election notices, etc. All data are submitted voluntarily. Information provided on our Membership Application(s) is used internally. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the SIVB may share personal data disclosed with consultants and staff for internal business purposes and as required by law, if such data are subpoenaed. This information is never forwarded to any third parties.
How Will Your Information Be Used?
SIVB uses information collected on the website to enhance its products and services. Demographic information is specifically used for the purpose of monitoring or improving the use of and satisfaction with our website. SIVB ensures the security and privacy of any personally identifiable information that we collect.
Disclosure to Third Parties
SIVB distributes contact and membership information directly to its members annually in the printed SIVB Membership Directory. SIVB uses your email address to respond to your request(s) and to relay membership communication such as Officer and Bylaws Ballots, the In Vitro Report Newsletter notifications, and important meeting and membership correspondence. Periodically, SIVB may share personally identifiable information with organizations that we believe might have a product or service of interest to you. Limited data provided to third parties include name, affiliation and business address. Your email, telephone, and fax numbers will not be disclosed to third parties.
At any time, you may update your registered information by contacting SIVB at the SIVB Business Office or call 910-755-5431.
Opting Out
To opt out of online communications from SIVB, members can communicate their wishes:
By sending an email to sivb@sivb.org
By sending mail or fax to:
Marietta Wheaton Saunders
Society for In Vitro Biology
514 Daniels St. Suite 411
Raleigh, NC 27605
USA
Fax: (910) 755-5432
By calling the SIVB Business Office telephone number: (910) 755-5431
Do We Employ Cookies?
SIVB uses ‘Session Cookies’ that write a line of text temporarily to your computer’s RAM. Because a session cookie is never written to your hard drive, it is destroyed after 90 minutes away from our site or when you close your browser. Cookies are generated by our website to provide you with a personalized and enhanced online experience. These cookies make your navigation through our sites easier by saving your passwords, preferences, and profile information. Cookies also show how visitors use our site and enable us to make improvements based on actual visitor traffic patterns. The use of cookies in this manner is an association industry standard.
Security Capabilities and Financial Information
Financial information may be collected online when individuals register for meetings, submit abstracts, order publications, or make payment for membership. The online forms are within an SSL secured site using https. This encrypts the information during the transaction so as to secure the cardholder data from access by unauthorized users.
Disclaimers:
International Intellectual Property and Copyright laws protect all materials contained on the SIVB website. ‘Material’ includes all text, graphics, icons, photographs, software, audio, and video. Permission is granted to download, copy, or print material for personal, instructional, or noncommercial use.
Information contained on our website does not necessarily represent the views or opinions of the Society for In Vitro Biology. Information found on the SIVB website should not be relied on as medical, legal, business, or tax advice.
The SIVB website provides links to external sites for the convenience of our visitors. Such a link in no way implies that the content or operation of external sites has received SIVB’s endorsement, recommendation or preference. SIVB is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. Websites maintained by third parties may collect information and use it in a way inconsistent with this privacy statement. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave the SIVB’s websites, and to read the privacy statements of each website they visit. You are solely responsible for how you use any external site linked from this website.
The laws of the State of North Carolina and the United States of America apply, no matter where this website is viewed. Any suits filed against SIVB must be filed in the state of North Carolina.
SIVB Career Center:
Employers/Recruiter Disclaimer
SIVB as the sponsor of this site extends no warranty or representation of any kind as to:
Whether the placement of any offer of a position was authorized by the prospective employer;
Whether the position remains open;
Whether the description of the position is accurate and complete; and
Whether the prospective employer subscribes to SIVB’s policies and supports SIVB’s objectives and mission (this is not a requirement for placement of position offers on this site).
Candidates Disclaimer
SIVB in addition extends no warranty or representation as to the credentials or experience of responders (either as to whether the responder is a member of SIVB and if so as to the responder’s standing within SIVB or as to the responder’s curriculum vitae, experience or repute. This is an open website not restricted to members of SIVB; SIVB undertakes no screening role as to responses of which it is aware and in other cases may be entirely unaware that a response has been submitted.
SIVB Discussion Forum:
The Society for In Vitro Biology (SIVB) Discussion Forum provided by the Society is designed to facilitate communication among individuals for in vitro biology and biotechnology-related purposes.
We invite your participation in the SIVB Discussion Forum. Only postings related to in vitro Biology and Biotechnology are permissible. SIVB does not permit the posting of commercial content, advertisements, or SPAM. Any postings are statements made by the author and do not reflect official positions of SIVB. Although SIVB does not accept responsibility for any statements made here, the SIVB does reserve the right to monitor and remove postings which are not in accordance with the guidelines above.
I. Privacy and Security
SIVB has taken all reasonable precautions to secure the personal information available through the Discussion Forum. The SIVB Discussion Forum is password protected to allow access by registered individual only. Although this precaution should effectively protect any personal information available through the SIVB Discussion Forum from abuse or outside interference, a certain degree of privacy risk is faced any time information is shared over the Internet.
Unless clearly declared a “private” area, information posted to online forums, message boards, chat areas, news groups, and other interactive web pages is available for viewing by the general public. Use of such interactive web pages is voluntary. We do not typically monitor our interactive web pages; parents should use caution when allowing children to view those pages. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. The email addresses of users who post such may be available to anyone who browses or uses the message area. The SIVB does not control the sending or receiving of email messages as a result of postings to our websites.
II. Policy and Guidelines for Proper Use
To safeguard the operation of the Discussion Forum, SIVB has adopted a general site disclaimer and privacy policy used to govern conduct in this online environment. In addition to SIVB’s other policies and guidelines listed on this page, users of SIVB’s Discussion Forum must abide by the following specific rules and regulations:
A. Unauthorized copying, reproduction, republishing, uploading, downloading, posting, transmitting or duplicating any of the material is prohibited. You may link to materials displayed on the SIVB Discussion Forum for scientific, noncommercial and personal use only; provided, however, that you maintain all copyright, trademark and other notices contained in such material and you agree to abide by all additional copyright notices or restrictions contained in any material accessed through the SIVB Discussion Forum.
B. Use of information or communications available through the SIVB Discussion Forum for any commercial, public or political purposes is strictly prohibited. Prohibited activities include, but are not limited to, solicitations for commercial services, cold-calling of any kind or mass-mailings for commercial purposes. Information available through the SIVB Discussion Forum may be used for personal and scientific purposes only.
C. Users shall not restrict nor inhibit any other user from enjoying any service on the SIVB Discussion Forum. Posting of obscene materials or use of obscene language, posting of vulgar materials or use of vulgar language, or use of abusive, defamatory, profane or threatening language of any kind, will constitute a violation of these policies governing the use of the SIVB Discussion Forum. Additionally, users shall not upload, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish any materials containing a virus or any other harmful component. Content posted may be removed by SIVB’s discretion at any time for any reason.
D. You agree to use your real name including your location and job title if applicable. All aliases adopted by SIVB’s Discussion Forum users are subject to rejection by the Society and removal of your account.
E. SIVB is not responsible for screening communications in advance. It is essential that the users of the Discussion Forum report any abuses or misuse of the Discussion Forum to SIVB. If the SIVB determines that a user’s participation in the Discussion Forum creates a liability for the Society or that the user has violated the policies set forth herein or any applicable laws or regulations, SIVB reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to take actions against the user including, but not limited to, expelling a user and denying a user further access to the SIVB Discussion Forum if such user violates these policies.
F. SIVB will not initiate communication with any individual under the age of 18. If an underage individual initiates communication (ie: questions on the ISEF Science Fair or specific information on in vitro biology), we will respond to his or her question.
III. Liability and Indemnity
The reliability of the information available through the SIVB’s Discussion Forum is largely dependent upon the actions of community registrants. The Society can make no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of this information.
The Society does not warrant that the Discussion Forum will operate error-free or that the site and its server are free of computer viruses or other harmful material. To the fullest extent permitted by the law, SIVB disclaims all warranties, including the warranties of merchantability, non-infringement, and fitness for particular purpose. In no event shall SIVB be liable for any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages, resulting from the use of or inability to use information or materials available on the Discussion Forum web site.
By using SIVB’s Discussion Forum web site, you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless SIVB and their respective agents from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, costs, and expenses that may arise from your use of the SIVB Discussion Forum or your breach of these policies. SIVB will provide notice to you of any such action or claim, and reserves the right to participate, at our expense, in the investigation, settlement, and defense of any such action or claim.
Please note that SIVB may revise these policies and your continued use of the site constitutes your agreement to comply with such modifications. You should review the policies periodically to ensure that you are familiar with them.
For more information regarding the SIVB Discussion Forum, please contact us.
SIVB on Twitter
Tweets by @SIVBiology
Lifetime Achievement Awards
NameDate AwardedOluf GamborgJune, 2005Robert LangerJune, 2005Thomas GraceMay, 2004Walter Nelson-ReesMay, 2004Trevor ThorpeMay, 2004Gordon A. SatoJune, 2002Sadar S. SohiJune, 2002June A. BradlawJune, 2001Ian FreshneyJune, 2001Karl MaramoroschJune, 2001Atsushi KomamineJune, 2000See all Lifetime Achievement Award Winners...
Search for:
Support the SIVB
Make a contribution to support our programs and initiatives
Donate Today
Shop at Amazon Smile. When you shop at amazon.smile.com, Amazon donates for you!
Upcoming Events There are no upcoming events at this time.
Submit your event for inclusion in our calendar.
Current NewsA gene from ancient bacteria helps ticks spread Lyme diseaseInhaled vaccine induces fast, strong immune response in mice and non-human primatesCataloging nature's hidden arsenal: Viruses that infect bacteriaMagnesium contact ions stabilize the macromolecular structure of transfer RNA
Policy
|
About SIVB
| Privacy Policy |
Contact Us
|
Site MapSociety for In Vitro Biology 514 Daniels St., Suite 411
Raleigh, NC 27605 Phone: (910) 755-5431 Fax: (910) 755-5432© 2016. All Rights Reserved.Site created by Satori Digital Marketing original theme Frontier Theme.
Frontier Theme
By clicking "Continue" or continuing to use our site, you acknowledge that you accept our Privacy Policy and Disclaimers. We also use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience on our website.
Feel free to check out our policies anytime for more information. Continue