http://socionicsdating.com/socionicsdating_terms.shtml
Socionics Dating - Perfect Dating and Matchmaking Service
frank casino 1.0 7
Terms and Conditions of Use
1. The Socionics Dating.com service is a way for adults to meet each other online.
2. Registering, participating in and using this service means that you ("The User") accept the Terms and Conditions of Use and Disclaimer set out herein.
3. The User's continued participation constitutes acceptance of these Terms and Conditions and Disclaimer. A user, which does not accept these Terms and Conditions and/or this Disclaimer entirety or any individual part thereof, may not use any of the services.
4. User must be over 18 years old in order to SocionicsDating.com's services. By Registering and/or participating in SocionicsDating.com the User is confirming that it is over 18 years old and that it accepts the Terms and Conditions herein.
5. The User hereby acknowledges, understands and agrees that all of the information disclosed by it to SocionicsDating.com, has been disclosed knowingly and at its own free will.
6. The User hereby acknowledges, understands and agrees that any and all information posted in or on the SocionicsDating.com web sites will be used in furtherance of the services SocionicsDating.com offers, and that the information will not be disclosed knowingly or willfully to any third party without the User's authorization (as described in the Privacy Policy), except as may otherwise be permissible by these Terms and Conditions and required by the services offered by SocionicsDating.com.
7. The User hereby acknowledges, understands and agrees that by submitting Communications to SocionicsDating.com, no confidential, fiduciary, contractually implied or any other form of relationship shall be created between the User and SocionicsDating.com or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries other than pursuant to these Terms and Conditions. SocionicsDating.com shall not be held responsible for any payment of any monies to any party in connection with SocionicsDating.com's use of Communications submitted by the User to the Site.
8. The User is solely responsible for the content, quality and accuracy of the information it provides.
9. Although the information and test answers contained herein have been compiled from sources believed to be reliable, SocionicsDating.com makes no guarantee, representation, assurance or warranty, express or implied, as to, and assumes no responsibility for the correctness, sufficiency or completeness of such information or answers or of the scoring of tests contained herein. ALL TESTS ARE PRESENTED IN AN "AS IS" CONDITION AND ANY WARRANTIES FOR FITNESS OF PURPOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. Users further agree that SocionicsDating.com shall not be responsible or liable to users or any other person as successor, assignee or third party beneficiary of users for indirect, punitive, exemplary, special or consequential damages which may be alleged as resulting, directly or indirectly, from the use of SocionicsDating.com.
10. The User takes upon itself all risks and/or responsibilities for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly from the use of the services given by SocionicsDating.com
11. The User may not post, transmit or otherwise use any information gained from SocionicsDating.com's systems without the expressed permission given by the owner of the said information.
12. The User shall not interfere or attempt to interfere with the operating of the Site in any way nor by any means and/or device including but not limited to, spamming, hacking, uploading computer viruses or time bombs or the means expressly prohibited by any provision of these Terms and Conditions.
13. The User shall not use any of SocionicsDating.com services to transmit vulgar, racist, libelous or otherwise offensive and/or illegal material of any kind.
14. The User holds the sole responsibility for all charges resulting from use of the services including direct charges and indirect charges.
15. SocionicsDating.com is not responsible for the content, quality, accuracy or any other aspect of the information provided by SocionicsDating.com users. SocionicsDating.com are not liable for any errors in the above information, or for errors, disruptions or delays in its transmission.
16. THE USER AGREES THAT SOCIONICSDATING.COM SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES, EITHER ACTUAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, OR TO THE USER'S (OR ANY THIRD PARTY'S) USE OR INABILITY TO USE A SITE, OR TO THE USER'S PLACEMENT OF CONTENT ON A SITE, OR TO THE USER'S RELIANCE UPON INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM OR THROUGH A SITE, IN PARTICULAR, SOCIONICSDATING.COM SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, WHETHER FORESEEABLE OR UNFORESEEABLE, (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO CLAIMS FOR DEFAMATION, ERRORS, LOSS OF DATA, OR INTERRUPTION IN AVAILABILITY OF DATA), ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, you're the USER'S USE OR INABILITY TO USE A SITE, OR TO THE USER'S PLACEMENT OF CONTENT ON A SITE, OR TO THE USER'S RELIANCE UPON INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM OR THROUGH A SITE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTORY OR OTHER LAW, EXCEPT ONLY IN THE CASE OF DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY WHERE AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW REQUIRES SUCH LIABILITY.
17. SocionicsDating.com is not responsible for any misuse of information or material provided. SocionicsDating.com does not verify or review any information provided nor does it monitor transmissions for content or quality.
18. SocionicsDating.com may but is not obligated to monitor the services and the information contained therein, to maintain it or protect the rights of users.
19. SocionicsDating.com will protect your privacy to the best of our ability. You must understand and accept that your Profile and Preference information is publicly available however, and can be viewed by anyone, including non-members. For detailed information about our privacy policy, please see our Privacy Policy.
20. SocionicsDating.com reserves the right to decide upon the way and means of displaying the information provided by SocionicsDating.com users including but not limited to deciding upon conditions for priorities in search results. SocionicsDating.com shall not be obligated to disclose any of the said conditions, being SocionicsDating.com intellectual property.
21. SocionicsDating.com reserve the right to remove any materials at any time, at its sole and absolute discretion including but not limited to removing profiles with invalid email addresses, removing multiple users profiles and to refuse any material deemed offensive, racist, or otherwise unfit.
22. SocionicsDating.com reserves the right, without any prior notices, to cancel the access and/or membership of any user not complying with the rules.
23. SocionicsDating.com shall have the right regardless of the reason, at its sole discretion, to terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Site, including but not limited to Content, features, hours of availability or subscription fees.
24. Renewal rate is guaranteed for members who have paid prior to the fee updates.
25. SUBSCRIPTION FEES. Subscription fees are non-refundable once your username and password have been used to access a Site. All payments in the system must be done with your personal credit card only. Any use of a non-personal credit card may cause an investigation and/or a lawsuit against you.
Upon cancellation your Membership will be no longer valid, you will no longer be able to access the site and all of your member privileges will cease.
However, you are charged for your membership, by a monthly charge. Therefore, if you choose to cancel your membership prior to the beginning of the month, you will be billed for a month's membership but will not be able to access the site for the rest of the month. (For example: if you cancel your membership after two weeks, you will be billed for that month's membership but will not be able to access the site prior to your cancellation notice).
26. Subscribers to SocionicsDating.com are obligated to pay for their subscription via the iBill service. iBill will process all payments (Credit Card, Check, or 900 Number) in the most secure and discreet manner.*iBill is SocionicsDating.com 's Authorized Sales Agent processing all payments accurately and securely. Credit card statements are discreetly charged as: IBL www.ibillcs.com.
27. SocionicsDating.com shall not be held responsible for the contents of any off-site pages referenced. The user specifically acknowledges that SocionicsDating.com shall not be held liable for the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of other users, links or third parties and that any risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the User.
28. Links from the SocionicsDating.com on the World Wide Web to other sites do not constitute an endorsement from SocionicsDating.com. These links are provided as information services only. It is the responsibility of the User to evaluate the content and usefulness of information obtained from other sites.
29. SocionicsDating.com reserve the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of these Terms and Conditions of use, in whole or in part, at any time. Changes in these Terms and Conditions of use will be effective only when they appear on the Site. The user agrees to review these Terms and Conditions of use periodically and to be aware of any changes.
30. The user's continued use of the Site following to any changes in these Terms and Conditions of use shall be considered acceptance of those changes by the User.
31. SocionicsDating.com own, control, license or have the right to use and provide the Site and all material on the Site including without limitation text, tables, illustrations photographs, images, (collectively the "Content") The Site is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to copyrights laws, international conventions. SocionicsDating.com are the owner of the copyright in the entire Site. The User agrees to abide by any and all copyright notices information or restrictions displayed on the Site.
32. SocionicsDating.com welcome the User's comments regarding the services, including the Site. However, any or all material and information provided by the User to the Site may be included in a database owned by SocionicsDating.com and its subsidiaries and affiliates in which SocionicsDating.com have rights and interest, including but not limited to, the compilation copyright. SocionicsDating.com reserve the right to use any information or materials provided by the user or any information or materials obtained through the User's use of the Site to the fullest extent permitted by law. By posting messages, uploading files, inputting data or engaging in any other form of communication (individually or collectively "Communications") to or within the Site, the User grants to SocionicsDating.com a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, unrestricted, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use (including use for promotional and advertising purposes), copy, license, sublicense, adapt, distribute, display, publicly perform, reproduce, transmit, modify, edit and otherwise exploit such Communications and any ideas or original materials contained in such Communications, in all media now known or hereafter developed. This grant shall include the right to exploit any and all proprietary rights in such Communications including, without limitation, any and all rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction. The User waives all rights it may have to inspect and/or approve of any use by SocionicsDating.com of any material or idea submitted by it in any Communications or receives any compensation for such use. The User waives all rights to any claim against SocionicsDating.com for any alleged or actual infringements of any proprietary rights, rights of privacy and publicity, moral rights, and rights of attribution in connection with such Communications. The User agrees and understands that SocionicsDating.com is under no obligations to use any material or ideas submitted by it in any Communications in any way whatsoever.
33. THE USER AGREES TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS SOCIONICSDATING.COM, THEIR OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND THIRD PARTIES FROM AND AGAINST ANY CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, LOSSES, COSTS, DAMAGES OR EXPENSES (INCLUDING ATTORNEY'S FEES) ARISING FROM THE USE OF OR PARTICIPATION IN THIS SERVICE OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN.
34. We use different outside credit card processing companies to bill users for goods and services, as well as outside companies to clear and process the credit cards. All of the above mentioned do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
35. SocionicsDating.com is a registered trademark.
Home |
Socionics |
Statistics |
Terms |
Privacy |
Search |
Members |
Join |
Help |
Please feel free to contact us
if you have any questions.
© 2002-2019 Socionics Dating.com.
All Rights Reserved.