https://spacecenter.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Open today 10 a.m. - 5 p.m.
About
About Us
Resources
Careers
Contact
Blog
Host an Event
News Center
Volunteer
Visit
Visitor Information
Exhibits and experiences
Galaxy Lights
Special Events
Accessibility options
Group Visits
Gift shop
Save with CityPASS
Find A Hotel
Education
Education Programs
Space Center U®
Explorer Camps
Overnight experiences
Educator Resources
Space Exploration Educators Conference
Field trips
Outreach
Innovation Gateway
Stars & STEM
Human Performance Accelerator Lab
Girls STEM Pathway, presented by Boeing
Support
Support our mission
Make a gift
Partnerships
Corporate Support
Restore Apollo Mission Control Center
Artemis: Return to the Moon 2020
Girls STEM Pathway, presented by Boeing
Galaxy Gala 2019
To the Moon and Beyond 2018
2019 Donor Impact Report
2020 President’s Briefing
Membership
Become a member
Member events
Member FAQ
Privacy Policy
Space Center Houston > About Us > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Space Center Houston is committed to responsible information-handling practices.
The following privacy statements describe the different types of personal information Space Center Houston handles relating to its website and email subscription lists, as well as its privacy practices with respect to such personal information.
What information we collect from visitors
Space Center Houston Members and other people who sign up to receive Space Center Houston e-communications through spacecenter.org or the interactive kiosks at the center voluntarily provide us with contact information (such as names and e-mail addresses). We may use this information for specific, limited purposes. You may always “opt out,” either now or at any time in the future, if you do not wish to receive our messages.
In our Mission Mars exhibit, guests may record a message and have it email to them. Their recorded message will be sent to the email address provided. These email addresses will only be used for this purpose, unless the guest is over 13 years old and opts in to receive Space Center Houston e-communications.
Photo and video policy
The ticket holder grants Space Center Houston permission to use the holder’s voice, image and likeness, in whole or in part, in any broadcast, transmission, reproduction, photograph, video and/or audio recording or in any promotional material.”
Internet Protocol (IP) addresses
Space Center Houston uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with its server, to administer spacecenter.org and to track email performance through statistical metrics.
Cookies on our website
Spacecenter.org uses “cookie” messages to automatically help provide better services. They remind us who you are and your preferences for our website based on what you’ve done and told us before. The “cookie” is placed in your computer and is read when you come back to our website. Cookies let us take you to the information and features in which you are particularly interested. They also let us track your usage of spacecenter.org, so we know which parts of our sites are most popular. You can reject cookies or cancel them by instructing your web browser accordingly.
How your information may be used
We use your personal information to provide you with personalized service, send email alerts to you, answer your requests, process your membership application or process your ticket or gift purchase. You may choose to opt out at any time, which will cease all communications from us. We also may use your information to track visitors on our website. This allows us to evaluate which of our exhibits and programs are the most popular so we can better serve our users’ needs. It also enables us to provide aggregate data about our traffic (not identifying you personally, but showing how many visitors used which features, for example) to outside parties.
Only Space Center Houston employees will be able to see the personal information you provide, which will be kept secure in our email service provider platform called Exact Target, whose privacy policy may be viewed here.
Email privacy
Space Center Houston does not provide, sell or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization.
Collection of information from minors
The Space Center Houston website is intended for a general audience and it is not intended for children younger than 13. If you are between 13 and 18 years of age, you must get permission from your parents or legal guardian before using the Space Center Houston website. Use of the Space Center Houston website is prohibited for anyone younger than 13. If you are younger than 13, do not attempt to provide personal information or otherwise use the website. If we are notified that we have collected personal information from anyone younger than 13, we will delete that information as quickly as is reasonably possible.
Space Center Houston abides by federal law and the guidelines set up by the Federal Trade Commission regarding youth privacy and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Although the Space Center Houston website may contain information that may be of interest to children, the Space Center Houston website is not directed at children, and we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children younger than 13.
To report use by a child younger than 13, please contact us at communications@spacecenter.org, and include the following information:
Name of the child you are reporting;
The username or alias the child is using;
E-mail address used by the child;
Actual age of the child;
Your relationship to the child;
Your basis for making the report.
E-Commerce
Most e-commerce transactions between an online user and Space Center Houston are on our secure e-commerce site to sell tickets, managed by a company called Galaxy Gateway. There is a separate privacy policy for this separate website here: gatewayticketing.com/privacy-policy.
E-commerce transactions for our gift shop, SpaceTrader, are managed by a company called World Duty Free Group North America at www.Spacetrader.com. That site has a separate privacy policy which can be found here: spacetrader.com/privacypolicy
External links
Spacecenter.org and its emails may include links to external websites. These links do not fall under the spacecenter.org domain, and Space Center Houston is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk.
Modifications
Space Center Houston may amend this privacy policy from time to time; please review it periodically. Space Center Houston maintains the option to modify this privacy at any time by electronic notice posted on our website or sent to our email subscribers. Your continued use of our website and email services after the date that such notices are posted or sent will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
If you have any questions about Space Center Houston’s privacy policy, please contact us at communications@spacecenter.org or call us at +1 281-244-2122.
Translate »
WP-Backgrounds Lite by InoPlugs Web Design and Juwelier Schönmann 1010 Wien