http://spanish.linguistmail.com/privacy-policy.php
Spanish •
Other languages
Free Spanish
• Learn Spanish
• Spanish Books
About
• Blog
• Contact
Subscribe to my FREE newsletter!   Name:
Email:
Follow me on twitter!
T E S T S
Enter the code
N E W !languageCardGamesReal Card Games To Help You Learn Any Language
xxx.linguistmail.comLearn A Foreign Language14 languages 100% FREE
FREE SPANISH
•Spanish Grammar
•Spanish Numbers
•Spanish Pronunciation
•Spanish Verbs
•Spanish Vocabulary
•Spanish Words
LEARN SPANISH
•99 SentencesGet By In Spanish
SPANISH BOOKS
•Learn Spanish
Privacy Policy
At Linguistmail we recognize that privacy is important. This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by Linguistmail.com Ltd. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by our websites and how it is used.
Log Files Like many other Web sites, our websites make use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons Our websites do not use cookies.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our websites.
.:: Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to our websites and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense, Clickbank and Amazon.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on our websites send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Our websites have no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. This privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Privacy policy