https://spanishminerals.com/privacy-policy
Home / Minerals
Privacy Policy
Spanish Minerals respects your privacy and security of personal information we may collect from you. To better protect your privacy we provide this Privacy Policy explaining our online information practices. This Privacy Policy applies to the Spanish Minerals web site, located at www.spanishminerals.com.
Spanish Minerals will:
• NOT sell, rent, or lease your personal information.
• NOT keep you on our mailing lists if you have requested to be removed.
• Treat your privacy very seriously and will adhere to this Privacy Policy.
• Promote this Privacy Policy internally.
1. Types of information we collect
2. How we use your information
3. Children and personally identifiable information
4. Access, accuracy rights
5. Security
6. Third party use of information collected on this web site
7. Other important information
1. Types of information we collect
There are two types of information that Spanish Minerals collects online: 1. personally identifiable information supplied by visitors to our web site, and 2. non-personal information gathered as visitors navigate through our web site.
Personally Identifiable Information
Personally identifiable information is information that can be directly associated with a specific person or entity, such as name, address, or email address. Spanish Minerals collects personally identifiable information from site visitors in the following instances:
• When you place an order on our site, we require you to provide your name, email address, mailing address and credit card information.
• At the time of ordering, you may also choose to register by creating a user name and password. By registering, you create a user profile which allows us to customize your experience on this web site.
• When you voluntarily provide us with your information via a web form on our web site, or while corresponding with us via email.
It is not necessary to provide any personally identifiable information in order to simply browse our web site.
Non-Personal Information
Spanish Minerals routinely gathers non-personal information, including how many people visit this web site, the pages they visit, where they come from, how long they stay, their IP address, and the type of browser they used while visiting. None of this information is used to identify you personally.
Non-personal information is gathered through the use of cookies, web beacons and web server logs.
2. How we use your information
Non-Personal Information
Spanish Minerals typically uses the non-personal information we collect in order to better understand how you and other visitors use our web site and for system administration. For example, we use cookies to ensure that items added to your shopping cart during one visit are accessible to you on subsequent visits until you either place an order or delete the items from the shopping cart.
Personally Identifiable Information
Spanish Minerals may share your personally identifiable information with trusted third party vendors for the sole purpose of facilitating your order. For example, we provide your name, shipping address, phone number, and order information to our shipping carrier. Spanish Minerals has strict guidelines requiring all third parties to keep any shared personally identifiable information confidential.
Unless otherwise required by law, or if pertinent to a judicial or governmental investigation, or as voluntarily released by you, your personally identifiable information is not shared with other organizations or persons, other than to organizations or persons assisting us in collecting, assembling or processing this information.
In the course of growing or restructuring our business, we may purchase the assets of another company or sell the assets of our company. During these transactions, information about customers is frequently considered a business asset that is the subject of such a purchase or sale. Also, in the unlikely event that Spanish Minerals, or substantially all of its assets are either acquired or subject to liquidation in bankruptcy, information may be transferred as well. We will require third parties who obtain access to your information as a result of a transaction to adhere to this privacy policy as a condition to transferring the information to them.
3. Children and personally identifiable information
This web site is designed for those 15 years of age and older. We will not knowingly collect information of any kind from anyone under the age of 13. If we become aware of a visitor under the age of 13 providing information on our site, we will terminate any accounts associated with that visitor and purge our databases of all information provided by that visitor.
4. Access and accuracy rights
Spanish Minerals will make every effort to provide you with access to your personally identifiable information so that you may review, update or correct that information. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before enabling you to view your data and/or make corrections.
5. Security
The security of your information is very important to us. Spanish Minerals follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We use state-of-the-art data encryption technology to protect against loss, misuse or alteration of your user information. Secure Socket Layers (SSLs) encrypt the information sent between your computer and our database. Our ordering system is certified by COMODO, an internet leader in security transactions. In addition, we use Internet fraud screening to protect credit card transactions.
To be sure you’re browsing secure pages, check your Web browser’s status bar (located at the bottom of the window) for the closed padlock icon. This icon appears in the latest versions of Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator to tell you that you are viewing a secure web page. Also, all browsers display an “s” after the “http” (https://..) in the Web site address to indicate that you’re in a secure environment.
6. Third party use of information collected on this web site
The Spanish Minerals web site may contain links to other sites. We do not endorse or otherwise accept responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those sites.
7. Other important information
Spanish Minerals reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. We will promptly reflect any such modifications on this privacy policy.
This privacy policy was last updated on: September 19, 2014
Translate »
Close this module
Spanish Mineral NewsletterJoin our mailing list and be the first to receive special offers!johnsmith@example.comSubmitForm is being submitted, please wait a bit.Please fill out all required fields.Never see this message again.