http://ssom.luc.edu/terms-conditions/
LOYOLA UNIVERSITY CHICAGO HEALTH SCIENCES CAMPUS
EDUCATION
RESEARCH
ABOUT US
A-Z INDEX
Toggle navigation
Loyola University Chicago
Stritch School of Medicine
Loyola University Chicago
Stritch School of Medicine
A-Z Index
Students
Faculty
Alumni
AdmissionEducation
Introduction
Medical Education
Graduate Programs
MD/PhD Program
Research
Introduction
Research Institutes
Clinical Trials
Facilities & Cores
Departments & People
Basic Sciences Departments
Clinical Departments
Research Institutes & Programs
Graduate Programs
Centers, Facilities, & Offices
Faces of Stritch
Diversity
Ministry
Visit
Maps & Directions
Valet Parking & Shuttle
About Us
Introduction
History
Administration
Stritch Magazine
AdmissionEducationResearchDepartments & PeopleVisitAbout Us
Stritch School of Medicine  >  Content   >  Terms & Conditions
Welcome to the Stritch School of Medicine World Wide Web sites (www.stritch.luc.edu, http://www.stritch.luc.edu/lumen/, etc.)(the "SSOM web sites"). The SSOM web sites are provided subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions set forth below. Please read these terms and conditions in their entirety because they contain useful information. By using the SSOM web sites, you agree to abide by these terms and conditions. These terms and conditions may change at any time in the future. We will endeavor to post general notices of such changes, but no individual notice of changes will be provided. Check back periodically and review the terms and conditions to ensure that you still agree to abide by them. You will be bound by any subsequent change in the terms and conditions, even if you do not become aware of such changes. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not review information or otherwise use the SSOM web sites. Please read the following information carefully:
Medical DisclaimerThe Stritch School of Medicine and its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers ("SSOM") will try to ensure that the information provided on its official WWW sites (the "Information") is accurate, timely and useful. However, in view of the possibility of human error or changes in medical sciences, neither the authors nor SSOM nor any other party who has been involved in the preparation or publication of the Information warrants that the Information is in every respect accurate or complete, and they are not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such Information. You are encouraged to confirm the Information with other sources. The Information is for educational purposes only. It is presented in summary form in order to impart general information relating to certain diseases, ailments, physical conditions and their treatments. The Information should not be used for diagnosing or treating a health problem or a disease, nor is it a substitute for professional care. Should you have any health-care related questions or suspect you have a health problem, you should consult your health-care provider. If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately. The SSOM web sites do not recommend or endorse any specific tests, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned on the SSOM web sites. Reliance on any information provided by SSOM or others appearing on the SSOM web sites is solely at your own risk.
Trademark, Copyright and Restrictions on UseThe SSOM web sites are owned and operated by SSOM and contain material that is derived in whole or in part from material supplied by SSOM, SSOM' business partners and other content providers. The information available through the SSOM web sites and the organization, graphics, designs, compilation and other matters related to the SSOM web sites are the property of SSOM and are protected by trademark, copyright and other intellectual property laws. You may download and print material from the SSOM web sites for your personal, non-commercial use only, or for purposes relating to conducting business with SSOM, provided you keep intact all trademark, copyright and other proprietary notices. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way any material from any SSOM web sites, including code and software without the express consent of SSOM as provided in these terms and conditions or other areas of the SSOM web sites.
Disclaimer of WarrantiesThe information provided through the SSOM web sites is for educational purposes only. SSOM web sites do not offer medical advice and nothing contained on any SSOM web site is intended to constitute professional advice for medical diagnosis or treatment. ADVICE RECEIVED VIA THIS OR ANY OTHER SSOM WEB SITE SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON FOR MEDICAL, LEGAL OR FINANCIAL DECISIONS, AND YOU SHOULD CONSULT WITH AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL FOR SPECIFIC ADVICE TAILORED TO YOUR SITUATION. This SSOM web site contains links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. SSOM does not operate or control in any respect any information, products or services on ANY third-party sites. SSOM is not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in any third-party sites, and such sites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by SSOM. Inclusion of any linked web site on this site does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked web site by SSOM. If you decide to leave this site and access third-party sites, you do so at your own risk. The materials in this SSOM web site and the third-party sites are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, SSOM disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. SSOM does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site, or the server that makes it available, are free of viruses or other harmful components. All responsibility or liability for any damages caused by viruses or other harmful components is disclaimed. SSOM does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this web site or in third-party sites in terms of their correctness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. YOU (AND NOT SSOM) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY MAINTENANCE, REPAIR OR CORRECTION RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THIS, OR ANY OTHER, WEB SITE.
Limitation of LiabilityUnder no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence on the part of SSOM, shall SSOM be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business interruption, loss of data, or any other pecuniary loss) whether based on breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort (including negligence), product liability or otherwise that results from the performance of the web site, the delay or inability to use this web site, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, services or related graphics contained on or made available through this web site or the provision of or failure to provide any service on or related to this or any other web site, even if SSOM has been advised of the possibility of such damages. You specifically acknowledge and agree that SSOM is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user of any SSOM web site. If you are dissatisfied with any SSOM material, or with any of SSOM' terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this site.
IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold SSOM harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages, claims and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of the terms and conditions set forth herein or any activity related to your violation of this agreement or use of this or any other SSOM web site (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the SSOM web sites.
Information and Press ReleasesThe SSOM web sites contain information and press releases about SSOM. While this information was believed to be accurate at the time it was prepared, we disclaim any duty or obligation to update this information or any press releases. Information about companies or entities other than SSOM contained in press releases or otherwise, should not be relied upon as being provided or endorsed by SSOM.
Privacy PolicyOur privacy policy, as it may change from time to time, is a part of this Agreement and SSOM reserves the right, and you authorize SSOM to the use and assignment of all information provided by you in any matter consistent with our privacy policy and applicable law.
Applicable and Governing LawsThis agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Illinois, without giving effect to any principles or conflicts of law. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any remaining provisions. SSOM' failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of this agreement. Any dispute concerning or arising out of this web site or your use of this web site must be brought in the state or federal courts in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois.
TerminationThis agreement shall commence upon your accessing the web site and/or completing the registration process. This agreement may be terminated by SSOM without notice at any time for any reason and may be terminated by you upon notice to SSOM at any time for any reason, provided that you do not thereafter access or use any SSOM web site. The provisions of Trademark, Copyright and Restrictions of Use, Indemnification, and Applicable and Governing Laws shall survive any termination of this agreement.
Statute of LimitationsAny cause of action or claim you may have with respect to any SSOM web site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises or be forever waived and barred. SSOM shall be entitled to recover its costs and expenses including reasonable attorneys' fees from you in the event it is required to take legal action against you to enforce or in connection with these terms and conditions.
AdmissionEducationResearchDepartments & PeopleVisitAbout Us