http://stemcells.nih.gov/privacy-statement.htm
U.S. Department of Health & Human Services
Search Tips
Info Center
Research Topics
Federal Policy
Stem Cell Information
General Information
Clinical Trials
Funding Information
Current Research
Policy
Site Map
Jump to navigation
You are hereHome Back to top
Privacy Statement
Of the information we learn about you from your visit to this Web site (all pages in the stemcells.nih.gov domain), we store only the following: the domain name from which you access the Internet, the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the Web site from which you direct-linked to our site. This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various sections of our site and to help us make our site more useful to visitors. Unless it is specifically stated otherwise, no additional information will be collected about you.
When inquiries are e-mailed to us, we store the question and the e-mail address information so that we can respond electronically. Unless otherwise required by statute, we do not identify publicly who sends questions or comments to our Web site. We will not obtain information that will allow us to personally identify you when you visit our site, unless you chose to provide such information to us.
About Cookies
While visiting sites within the nih.gov domain, you may occasionally encounter a Web page that employs "cookies." A cookie is a small file stored on your computer that lets servers "remember" specific information about your browsing session. These cookies make it easier for you to use the dynamic features of certain Web pages. Please note that unless an NIH web page specifically notifies you otherwise, we will not collect or maintain personal information about you.
With one exception, any cookies sent by the Stem Cell Information site are destroyed automatically shortly after you close your browser—they are not permanently stored on your computer. The only cookie not deleted after your session ends marks whether you have taken our customer satisfaction survey; this way you will not be shown the survey again during future sessions. More information on this use of persistent cookies is available at http://www.nih.gov/about/asci.htm.
To protect your privacy, be sure to close your browser completely after you have finished conducting business with a Web site that uses cookies. If you are concerned about the potential use of information gathered from your computer by cookies, you can set your browser to prompt you before it accepts a cookie. Most Internet browsers have settings that let you identify and/or reject cookies.
Questions about NIH privacy policies should be sent to the NIH Privacy Act Officer.
Back to top
Contact Us
Accessibility
Privacy statement
Disclaimer
Older Versions of this Page
Page citation: NIH Stem Cell Information Home Page. In Stem Cell Information [World Wide Web site]. Bethesda, MD: National Institutes of Health, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, 2016 [cited December 11, 2020]
Available at
<
//stemcells.nih.gov/privacy-statement.htm>
U.S. Department of Health & Human Services (HHS) |
USA.gov - Government Made Easy
National Institutes of Health (NIH), 9000 Rockville Pike,
Bethesda, Maryland 20892
NIH… Turning Discovery Into Health®