https://sterlingsurveys.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Skip to content Terms & Conditionswp-admin2020-02-28T16:18:54+00:00Terms & ConditionsBOOK YOUR FREE QUOTATIONBy entering this website you are deemed to have accepted the terms and conditions laid out below. If you find these terms unacceptable, you must leave the website immediately.1. The content of this website is the sole property of Sterling Surveys Limited. All intellectual property rights existing in this site (including without limitation any copyright and design right) belong exclusively to Sterling Surveys Limited.You may download pages of this website to a local disk or other storage media and you may print off extracts of this site and share both within your organisation strictly on the basis that you do not do so for profit and on the condition that Sterling Surveys Limited’s copyright notice is preserved at all times.2. Otherwise, reproduction of part or all of the contents of this website in any form is prohibited unless for personal use. None of the content of this website may be copied or otherwise incorporated into or stored on any other website, electronic retrieval system, publication or other work in any form whatsoever. You may not frame any part of this website. Sterling Surveys Limited’s copyright notice must remain on all reproductions of material downloaded from this site.3. Whilst the directors of Sterling Surveys Limited have taken every care to ensure that the information on this website is accurate and up to date, no warranties express or implied are given as to the accuracy of the information contained on the website. No action should be taken or omitted in reliance of any information or advice placed on the website. In particular, the directors of Sterling Surveys Limited accept no liability for any service descriptions or photographic representations and users are advised to make enquiries with Sterling Surveys Limited if they have any specific requirements.4. The directors of Sterling Surveys Limited shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising out of the use of any of the information on this website. Whilst every effort has been made to ensure that this website is virus free, we recommend that you take precautions against infection. The directors of Sterling Surveys Limited cannot accept any liability for damage sustained as a result of the transmission of viruses, worms, trojans or any other malicious content.5. Unless otherwise specified, the materials on this website are directed at and are intended solely for use by those accessing the website from the United Kingdom mainland. The directors of Sterling Surveys Limited make no representation or warranty that any product, service or information referred to or contained in this website are appropriate for use in other locations or jurisdictions. Those who choose to access this site from other locations or jurisdictions are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.6. These exclusions of liability shall not apply in respect of death or personal injury caused by the negligence of the directors of Sterling Surveys Limited or any of its employees or agents. These Terms of Use shall be construed in accordance with and governed by English law. If any provision of these Terms of Use shall be deemed unenforceable or invalid then that provision shall be deemed severable from the remaining terms and those remaining terms shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in these terms shall confer on any third party any benefit or the right to enforce any term or terms. Unless a contrary intention is expressed, nothing in this website shall be deemed to create a binding contract between the directors of Sterling Surveys Limited and any users of the website.7. Any information acquired by the directors of Sterling Surveys Limited through your use of this website will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and any associated Statutory Instruments, Codes of Practice and subsequent Acts of Parliament. You should be aware that because of the global nature of the internet, your personal data is likely to be temporarily stored in jurisdictions beyond the EEA whilst in transmission. For further details please see our Privacy Policy.If you require any further information, please contact us.GDPR Privacy NoticeTerms & ConditionsSlavery & Human Trafficking PolicyHead Office: 01428 604 911Yorkshire Office: 01535 691 434Head Office: enquiries@sterlingsurveys.co.ukYorkshire Office: andrew.lynch@sterlingsurveys.co.ukHead Office: 01428 604 911Northern Office: 01535 691 434Head Office: enquiries@sterlingsurveys.co.ukNorthern Office: andrew.lynch@sterlingsurveys.co.uk×Free Quote!Fill out the form below and one of our team will get in touch to discuss your requirement.  Alternatively you can contact us on 01428 604 911 to speak with us now.
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Your Telephone Number (required)
Select the service you wish to enquire about All ServicesTopographic SurveysBoundary DisputesMeasured Building SurveysVerified Views (VVM)Highway & Railway SurveysSetting-Out Surveys3D Laser Scan SurveysMonitoring & Verticality CheckingAerial Surveys & PhotogrammetryUtility SurveysInland Hydrographic SurveysOther / Not Sure
Your Message
×