https://stormsector.com/privacy.php
Our Privacy Policy
By using, visiting, or otherwise accessing the Storm Sector site, servers, networks, articles, services, content, etc, you agree to the Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy basically summarizes different ways we handle information, including personally identifiable and other information about your computer or other device when you access, use, or visit our websites or otherwise interact with our content, network, or social media accounts, referred to as our "Services". The privacy policy doesn't cover information collected from external sources, which could include advertisers, applications, or other sources linked to our Services.
What We Collect
We may collect various information with your consent, such as entering into a contest, creating an account with us or our discussion boards, payment information when you make a payment, purchase, or buy an author a drink, your address, name, and other personally identifiable information. Such personally identifiable information will be referred to as "registration information." Each service you use may have their own privacy policy, which we encourage you to read so you understand how information is collected and what is done with it.
Our servers automatically collect information about your computer, browser, IP address, mobile device, CPU speed, connection speed, operating system, websites you visit, time on a page, social media information, referring links, and other website metrics. This is typical of any modern website and is also a security practice to monitor how our resources are being used. Social media accounts that are integrated with our Services may also collect additional personally identifiable information, such as avatars, profile photos, likes, and friend list details. The integration of social media accounts and registration with our discussion board resources allows us to enhance your visiting experience, determine how we can improve our Services, and helps our advertisers serve content that may be of interest to you.
We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from people under the age of 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. If you are a legal guardian who consents to the collection of personal information from your child, you agree that your child may use all of our Services and that we may collect, use, and disclose your child's personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
How We Use Your Information
We may use your information to understand how users interact with our Services, advertisers, and otherwise content delivery services. Your information can help us understand how our visitors use our Services, their relative interests, how we can improve, broken links, popular articles, and other details. Unless otherwise specified, information may also be sold to third-party sources. Information helps us and our advertisers produce more effective advertisements. This information can be shared with partners, advertisers, affiliates, and companies that provide services to us. Such access to our Service data may include database access by third parties that provide us with services, financial advisors, forum managers, and other necessary purposes. We do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties.
We reserve the right to access, use, and share with others your personally identifiable information for purposes of health, safety and other matters in the public interest. We may also provide access to our database in order to cooperate with official investigations or legal proceedings initiated by governmental and/or law enforcement officials, response to subpoenas, warrants, court orders, and other legal processes.
We reserve the right to use, transfer, sell, or otherwise share anonymous data about our users for any lawful business purpose. We may buy or sell business resources, which means Service information could be transferred or acquired by another company, including Service user information.
Our advertisers and other third parties may use special tracking technologies to determine information about Service users. Such tracking technologies are external to our Services and this Privacy Policy.
Information Security
We do our best to secure our Service user data, but no data transmission is completely secure from physical or electronic compromise, which means we do not guarantee the security of information you send to us or the security of our services, networks, or databases. By using our Service, you agree to assume all risk in connection with use of the Service, including information collected, and we are not responsible for any loss of such information or consequences of such compromise. In the event of a security compromise, we may attempt to contact you via the information provided to us.
Our Service is not intended for people under the age of 13. Our discussion board requires people to be above the age of 13 for registration and use. Persons between the ages of 13-17 must obtain the permission of a parent or guardian before registering, making a purchase, or otherwise using our Service.
For privacy policy information or opt-out requests, please direct your communication to the Privacy Coordinator.
Privacy Coordinator
Storm Sector
83 Geneva Dr. #623731
Oviedo, Florida, 32765, USA
(321)352-5042
Third-Party Payment Services
We may offer various products or services for purchase on our Service. This is a general description of how financial transactions are handled by our Service. Certain users may buy the author a drink, purchase a t-shirt (for example), or otherwise make an online payment. Our payment processing systems utilize industry standard secure processing technologies. We use third party Secured Socket Layer (SSL) encrypted payment services, such as PayPal and Visa. Such payment vendors are considered secure and may offer their own data security guarantee. We encourage users to review the individual privacy policies of the payment service provider. Users should be confident that these payment processing services are secure, reliable, and safe to use. Your financial information and data security details are subject to the respective privacy policy and terms of service of the payment processing company.
Questions
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or about Storm Sector's privacy practices, send us an email.
We reserve the right to update our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service at any time.