http://symetrica-com.stackstaging.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy & Data Use - Symetrica
Skip to content
Home
Products
Technology
Contact
News
About
News
Privacy Policy & Data Use
This privacy policy sets out how Symetrica uses and protects any information that you give Symetrica when you use this website. Symetrica is
committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you
to provide certain information by which you can be identified when
using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in
accordance with this privacy statement. Symetrica may change this
policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this
page to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job titlecontact information including email addressdemographic information such as postcode, preferences and interestsother information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We
require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a
better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our products and services.We
may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special
offers or other information which we think you may find interesting
using the email address which you have provided.From time to
time, we may also use your information to contact you for market
research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We
may use the information to customise the website according to your
interests.
Security
We are committed
to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent
unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable
physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure
the information we collect online.
Cookies
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your
machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general,
cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for
things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to
third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will
make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable
cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this
is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help
section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers
How we use cookies
A
cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your
computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie
helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular
site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual.
The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and
dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your
preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages
are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and
improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use
this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is
removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you
with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find
useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your
computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to
share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most
web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify
your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent
you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our
website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once
you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do
not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be
responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you
provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by
this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the
privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
If
you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for
direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by
writing to or emailing us at info@symetrica.com
We will not sell,
distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we
have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your
personal information to send you promotional information about third
parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you
wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal
information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A
small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information
held on you please write to Symetrica Security Ltd. Roman House, 39
Botley Road, North Baddesley, Southampton, SO52 9AE.
If you
believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or
incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the
above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be
incorrect.
Contact
US: Symetrica Inc.
4 Lyberty Way Ste 1, Westford, MA 01886,
United States
T: +1 (508) 718 5610
E: sales@symetrica.com
UK: Symetrica Security Ltd
Roman House, 39 Botley Road, Southampton, SO52 9AE, United Kingdom
T: +44 (0) 2380 111 580
E: sales@symetrica.com
Solutions
Home
About
Products
Technology
Contact
Careers
News
Privacy
Connect
Contact
LinkedIn
© Symetrica 2020.  Registered in England No.4394409
Name
Email
4 + 2 =
Leave this field empty
Message
Symetrica needs to store your contact details in order to respond to this email. See our privacy policy to learn more how we use data.
Close