https://techxplore.com/news/2020-09-uber-riders-adhering-mask-policy.html
Automotive
Business
Computer Sciences
Consumer & Gadgets
Electronics & Semiconductors
Energy & Green Tech
Engineering
Hardware
Hi Tech & Innovation
Internet
Machine learning & AI
Other
Robotics
Security
Software
Telecom
share this!
Share
Twit
Share
Email
Home
Business
September 25, 2020
Uber banned more than 1,250 riders for not adhering to its mask policy, app says
by Dalvin Brown, Usa Today
Credit: CC0 Public Domain
Uber has removed more than 1,250 riders from its platform for not adhering to its mask wearing rules, the company says. And it is expanding its tools to identify those who are intentionally defiant moving forward.
The ride hailing giant announced Thursday that it has begun rolling out its Mask Verification feature across the United States and Canada. The feature was first announced earlier this month. And it requires you to take a selfie with a mask on before your next ride if a driver flags you for not wearing a face covering amid the ongoing coronavirus pandemic.
Heeding the advice of health officials, Uber kicked off its "No Mask. No Ride" policy in May, in a bid to curb the spread of the outbreak while better protecting drivers and riders. Now, the app sends you a reminder to put on a mask when you request a trip.
In a new blog post, Uber doubled down on its rules and offered a status update on how its mask mandate is going.
"When we say 'No mask. No ride' we mean it," Uber titled the blog post. "Over 1,250 riders in the US and Canada have been removed from the Uber platform because of their failure to comply."
Not only can drivers report you for not wearing a mask, they can turn you down for a ride, Uber says. The app will ask you to take a selfie with a mask on before you can request another car.
Explore further
Uber to require that passengers provide face-mask selfies
(c)2020 U.S. TodayDistributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
Citation:
Uber banned more than 1,250 riders for not adhering to its mask policy, app says (2020, September 25)
retrieved 11 December 2020
from https://techxplore.com/news/2020-09-uber-riders-adhering-mask-policy.html
This document is subject to copyright. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research, no
part may be reproduced without the written permission. The content is provided for information purposes only.
shares
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Feedback to editors
Featured
Last Comments
Popular
Chrome 88's Manifest V3 sets strict privacy rules for extension developers
12 hours ago
0
Deep reinforcement-learning architecture combines pre-learned skills to create new sets of skills on the fly
16 hours ago
0
Solid-state automotive battery could transform EV industry
Dec 09, 2020
5
Cloudflare teams up with Apple to give users a new privacy-friendly internet protocol
Dec 09, 2020
0
Using deep learning to infer the socioeconomic status of people in different urban areas
Dec 07, 2020
0
Perovskite/silicon tandem solar cells at the magic threshold of 30% efficiency
11 hours ago
Chrome 88's Manifest V3 sets strict privacy rules for extension developers
12 hours ago
Bad news for fake news: New research helps combat social media misinformation
12 hours ago
Reactive video playback that you control with your body
13 hours ago
Deep reinforcement-learning architecture combines pre-learned skills to create new sets of skills on the fly
16 hours ago
DeepLabCut-Live! Real-time marker-less motion capture for animals
Dec 09, 2020
Aquatic robot inspired by sea creatures walks, rolls, transports cargo
Dec 09, 2020
Related Stories
Uber to require that passengers provide face-mask selfies
Sep 01, 2020
Uber to require face masks for drivers, riders
May 13, 2020
House bill aims to curtail fake Uber and Lyft drivers
Oct 16, 2019
Election Day: Uber will offer discounted rides to polling locations
Sep 15, 2020
Uber incentivizes drivers to switch to electric vehicles
Sep 08, 2020
Uber riders can buy transit tickets on app for Denver
May 02, 2019
Recommended for you
Apple debuts discount watch, but no new iPhones ... yet
Sep 15, 2020
Raspberry Pi unveils $50 interchangeable-lens camera board
May 01, 2020
Report: Apple to unveil its own 12-core ARM processor on 2021 Mac
Apr 24, 2020
Not all privacy apps are created equal
Apr 03, 2020
'Right to repair' rules for electronics included in EU's Circular Economy Action Plan
Mar 12, 2020
Hyundai to make flying cars for Uber air taxis
Jan 07, 2020
User comments
What do you think about this particular story?
Your feedback will go directly to Tech Xplore editors.
Your message to the editors
Your
email
(only if you want to be contacted back)
Send Feedback
Thank you for taking your time to send in your valued opinion to Science X editors.
You can be assured our editors closely monitor every feedback sent and will take appropriate actions. Your opinions are important to us.
We do not guarantee individual replies due to extremely high volume of correspondence.
E-mail the story
Uber banned more than 1,250 riders for not adhering to its mask policy, app says
Your friend's email
Your email
I would like to subscribe to Science X Newsletter. Learn more
Your name
Note
Your email address is used only to let the recipient know who sent the email. Neither your address nor the recipient's address will be used for any other purpose. The information you enter will appear in your e-mail message and is not retained by Tech Xplore in any form.
Your message
Send
Your Privacy
This site uses cookies to assist with navigation, analyse your use of our services, and provide content from third parties.
By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Privacy Policy
and Terms of Use.
Ok
More Information
E-mail newsletter
Subscribe
Follow us