https://technifab.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policychrisnichols2017-11-30T11:53:27-05:00
We appreciate you visiting this website. This Privacy Policy contains our online privacy and security practices, along with the choices you can make about your information collection and use.
Information Collected
You may use our website anonymously. However, some sections may require limited personal information in order to provide some of our web based services or to permit you to use certain website information.
For example, if you want to purchase items via our online store or if you ask us to contact you, we must collect some personal information about you.
Occasionally, we may invite you to participate in a survey or poll such as providing feedback about our site content, services, or products. Your responses will be anonymous unless you choose to provide your contact details so that we can provide you with additional information regarding the survey.
The personal information you provide to us through our site varies, based upon the type of service you are requesting. You always have the option of unsubscribing at any time if you chose to register for one of our programs.
Sharing Your Information
We use the information you provide to answer your inquiries, process and address your request, and to provide you with information from time to time about the products and services our company has. We may share your personal information with other business partners, to the extent that they are assisting Technifab in fulfilling your request or providing products or services to our customers. For example, we would provide information regarding your credit card to our credit card processor to obtain payment for your order, and your shipping information to our carrier(s) to enable us to deliver your order to your location.
Technifab does not sell or share personal information provided to us with third parties for their own separate use.
Anonymous Web Tracking Techniques
We may also collect information online through “cookies”, which are pieces of information stored directly on the computer you are using. Cookies can contain a variety of information, such as a simple count of how often you visit our site or information that allows customization of our site for your use. We use cookies to display information more effectively to you and to gather data about the usage of our site. You can always set your browser to refuse all cookies or to warn you when a cookie is sent to you. This will provide you with more control over the acceptance of cookies on your computer. However, it is possible that some portions of this website will not function properly or may perform more slowly if you choose to reject cookies.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy
We do not intend to collect or maintain any information from children under the age of 13. Upon learning that we have collected any information under the age of 13, we will purge it immediately, except for responding to a question or inquiry on a one-time basis from the individual.
Right of Access, Correction, and Objection/Consent
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information on file with us is accurate and up-to-date. Please contact us to update your information upon any changes, such as your email address, so that you can continue to receive information from us that you have requested.
Links to Other Websites
Our website contains links to other websites that are not owned or operated by Technifab. You should carefully review the privacy policies and practices of other websites; we cannot control and are not responsible for privacy policies or practices of third-party websites.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
As we continue to provide additional services and as the privacy laws and regulations evolve, it may be necessary to revise or update our Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our policy, we will post those changes, so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users about the proposed use. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner.
We will always use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Contact Us
If you have questions about Technifab’s website policies contact us at marketing@technifab.com.
Updated: 11/30/2017