https://telemetry.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Event Details
Planning Guide
Technical Sessions
Short Courses
Exhibitors
Venue
Sponsorships
Info for Authors
Mobile App
Schedule
Speakers
Registration
FAQ
Who We Are
IFT Organization
Industry Links
Universities
ITC Awards
Archived Proceedings
Telemetering Standards Coordination Committee
International Consortium for Telemetry Spectrum (ICTS)
Contact
ITC
26
October 25-28, 2021
Starting at 08:00am
Las Vegas NV
Bally's, 3645 S Las Vegas Blvd
postponed to October 2021
Registration TBD
Privacy Policy
Who we are
The International Telemetering Conference (ITC) is an annual forum and technical exhibition sponsored by the International Foundation for Telemetering (IFT), a non-profit corporation dedicated to serving the technical and professional interests of the telemetering community.
The ITC & IFT respect your privacy and we are committed to protecting your privacy through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through this website (www.telemetry.org), thru our registration website (www.cvent.com) and external marketing activities (www.constantcontact.com).
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Information you provide
When you create an account on the CVENT website, sign up to receive ITC electronic newsletters, or register for events, you voluntarily provide us with personal information (such as name, phone number, address, company information, and email address). We may use this information for specific, limited purposes that are outlined below. You may opt out, either now or at any time in the future, if you do not wish to receive our messages.
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
IP addresses
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer websites, tailor content to your location, and for metrics used to track website visitor traffic.???????????????????
Cookies
The website uses cookies to automatically help provide better services. They remind us who you are and your preferences for our website based on what you’ve done and told us before. The cookie is placed in your computer and is read when you come back to our website. Cookies let us take you to the information and features you’re particularly interested in, and we use them to serve you ads in other networks. They also let us track your usage of our sites, so we know which parts of our sites are most popular. You can reject cookies or cancel them by instructing your web browser accordingly.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
How do we use this information
Email Communications
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
We publish several electronic newsletters throughout the year. We also send announcements about ITC events to our community. Any data we gather about email communications behavior (such as opens and clicks) is used only to help us send you the most relevant communications.
ITC does not provide, sell, or rent email addresses or other communications data to anyone outside the organization for any price at any time, although we may occasionally send an announcement, event, or product offering that we think may be of interest on behalf of a partner. We also provide the opportunity for you to opt in for communications from vendors and conference exhibitors.
Who we share your data with
ITC does not share, sell or trade any information with such third parties for any promotional purposes.
How long we retain your data
In this section you should explain how long you retain personal data collected or processed by the web site.?????????
For users that register on our website, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.?????
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
In this section you should list all transfers of your site data outside the European Union and describe the means by which that data is safeguarded to European data protection standards. This could include your web hosting, cloud storage, or other third party services.
European data protection law requires data about European residents which is transferred outside the European Union to be safeguarded to the same standards as if the data was in Europe. So in addition to listing where data goes, you should describe how you ensure that these standards are met either by yourself or by your third party providers, whether that is through an agreement such as Privacy Shield, model clauses in your contracts, or binding corporate rules.??????????????????????
How we protect your data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
What third parties we receive data from
This website does not receive data about users from third parties, including advertisers.
Important 2021 Dates
March 27 Abstracts Due
April 24 Acceptance Notifications
June 19 Final Manuscripts Due
ITC Speakers
Connect With Us
Email Twitter Facebook
Announcements
Important Author Information regarding postponement
ITC 2020 is Postponed to October 2021
Abstracts Extended to April 30th!
Reserve Your Booth Online Now
Submit Your Abstract Today
Hotel Update!
Privacy Policy© 2020 International Telemetry Conference 2020. All rights reserved.