http://terraquest.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Terraquest Ltd.
Menu:
Home
About
Our Company
Resources
Careers
Anti-Corruption
Geophysical Sensors
Magnetics and Horizontal Gradiometer
Gamma Ray Spectrometer
Matrix VLF-EM
Gravity Acquisition
Airborne Platforms
King Air C90
Piper Navajo
Cessna U206
Helicopters – Single Sensor Mag
Helcopters –
Heli Horizontal Gradient Magnetics
Gallery
Quick Quote
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement demonstratesTerraquest Ltd.’scommitment to protecting the privacy of its prospective clients, existing clients and website visitors alike. This privacy statementonly deals with personal information handled by Terraquest Ltd. Personal information includes information about an individual, excluding business contact information.
Purposes for Collection, Disclosure, and Use of Personal Information
We collect and use personal information (including name, address, telephone number, websites, work experience, country, company name, and email address) in order to:
respond to inquiries or requests submitted by the user
process orders, requests, or applications submitted by the user
review applications sent in by prospective employees
better tailor and improve the features of Terraquest Ltd.’s services
We will not disclose any personally identifiable information without your permission unless we are legally entitled or required to do so for example to its lawyers; for purposes relating to an investigation under, the enforcement of or the administration of a law or where required by law to disclose the information or if we believe that such an action is necessary to protect and/or defend our rights, property, intellectual property, or personal safety and those of our users/customers/employees etc. In the event our company, or part thereof, is acquired by another company, that company may use your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Terraquest Ltd. reserves the right to change this policy and it may be updated periodically, so please check for changes regularly.
Limits for Collecting, Using, Disclosing and Keeping Personal Information
Terraquest Ltd. does not collect, sell, use or disclose personal information of individuals (site users) except when individuals (site users) give consent and voluntarily provides the information. There may be occasions where more specific personal information is necessary for Terraquest Ltd. to proceed with a request for information, or provide a product or service; for example in case of processing orders, applications for employment, or requests for reports. In such cases, Terraquest Ltd. will describe the information required.Terraquest Ltd. collects only information that is voluntarily provided by the individual and undertakes that such information will be kept confidential.
The use of cookies
We may store some information (commonly known as a “cookie”) on your computer when you look at our Website. We are able to read these cookies for information purposes when you revisit our Website.
The type of information we collect as a result of a cookie being accepted by you is specific to your electronic device and includes the IP address, the date and time the electronic device visited the Website, what parts of our Website were looked at and whether the web pages requested were delivered successfully. This information is anonymous; it represents a computer rather than a person.
We use the cookie information to improve our knowledge of the use of our Website and to enable us to be able to ascertain whether the Website is operating at an optimal level. This allows us to enhance our web offerings to you and to provide an enjoyable and an innovative online experience.
Safeguarding Personal Information
Terraquest Ltd. respects the privacy of website visitors and Internet users and will protect that privacy as vigorously as possible. Personal information is stored in electronic and physical files that are secure. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while Terraquest Ltd. strives to protect personal information submitted by the user and individual, it cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to it or received from it electronically. This is especially true for information transmitted via e-mail. Terraquest Ltd. has no way of protecting that information until it reaches it. Once a transmission is received, Terraquest Ltd. makes its best efforts to ensure its security on its servers. Internally, access to personal information is restricted to employees who need access to the information in order to do their jobs. These employees are knowledgeable about and committed to our privacy policies.
Questions
If you have any questions or comments about Terraquest Ltd.’s handling of personal information or to anything pertaining to this privacy policy, they should be directed to the company at:
e: info@terraquest.ca
t: 905-477-2800
a: 2-2800 John Street
Markham, Ontario
Canada L3R 0E2
301-2900 John St,Markham, ONL3R 5G3
info@terraquest.ca
Be in touch
2020 - Privacy Policy