https://texasstarparty.org/privacy/
Login
Home
Welcome
College Students
Stars End
Volunteers
News
Latest News
New Videos! The TSP Experience & Camaraderie
TSP Discussion Forums
RoomRideShare
For Sale/Trade Forum
TSP General Discussion
Astrophoto Heaven
Astrophoto Heaven
Submit a TSP Astrophoto
Astronomy-related Forum
TSP Amateur Telescope Making (ATM)
Stars End
Keeping an Eye on the Weather
TSP Flash Survey
Registration
TSP Registration
My TSP Account
TSP Liability Release Form
Authorizing School-aged Children
TSP Endorsement Letters
Volunteers
Accommodations
Accommodations
Accommodations
TSP Current Room Openings
Dry-Camping Vehicles
2021 TSP Lodging Rates
Prude Ranch Map
Registration/Reservations Drawing
Orientation
Getting There – What to Bring
In Case of Emergency
Prude Ranch Map
TSP Photos
TSP Videos
Activities
Activities Overview
TSP Schedule
TSP Observing Programs
TSP Telescope Observing Club
TSP Novice Club
TSP Binocular Observing Club
TSP Advanced Observing Program
TSP Observing Program Archive
TSP Vendors
TSP Ladies
Meeting Call for Papers
TSP Amateur Telescope-Making
Prude Ranch Internet System
Sightseeing
Volunteers
TSP Amateur Radio
Rules
Rules Overview
Lighting Restrictions
Electricity Use Rules
Observing Field Usage
Internet Usage at TSP
Music and Lasers
Alcohol & Pets
Smoking
History
TSP History
… An Overview
…of Guest Speakers
… By Year
… Lone Star Gazer Awards
… Omega Centauri Awards
… TSP Award Suggestion
Texas Star Party, Inc.
SW Region of the Astronomical League
Friends of TSP and Donations
Old Articles
Stars End
Links & Contacts
Links & Contacts
TSP Facebook
Volunteers
TSP Discussion Forums
RoomRideShare
For Sale/Trade Forum
TSP General Discussion
Astrophoto Heaven
Astrophoto Heaven
Submit a TSP Astrophoto
Home »
Privacy Statement - Texas Star Party
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to the Texas Star Party.  This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Texas Star Party collects, and the ways in which Texas Star Party uses that personal information.
Personal information collection
Texas Star Party may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your use of this website (including your IP address, the TSP pages, and dates and times of your visit)
Information that you enter onto one of our forms (including registration, surveys, postings in our Forums)
information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website (including email address and other demographic information that you provide when creating a TSP userid)
information about transactions carried out over this website (including registration/reservation requests and payment transactions)
any other information that you send to the Texas Star Party.
Using personal information
Texas Star Party may use your personal information to:
administer this website;
personalize the website for you;
enable your access to and use of the website services;
send to you products that you purchase;
supply to you services that you purchase;
send to you statements and invoices;
send emails regarding your transactions with the Texas Star Party;
collect payments from you; and
send you marketing communications regarding TSP events and related activities.
Where Texas Star Party discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Texas Star Party may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
Texas Star Party will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Texas Star Party will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be  protected by encryption technology.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that Texas Star Party collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Texas Star Party operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
Texas Star Party may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
Texas Star Party is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact Texas Star Party
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Texas Star Party’s treatment of your personal information, please write:
by email to tsp@texasstarparty.org  or
by post to Texas Star Party, 1000 Cloudview Cove, Cedar Park, TX 78613 USA.
Credit
This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.freenetlaw.com.
Home
News
Registration
Orientation
Links & Contacts
Privacy Statement
© 1999-2021 Texas Star Party, Inc. All rights reserved
Developed by SKC Development