https://thalesnano.com/cookie-policy/
Home › Cookie Policy
Cookie policy
The website, application, software, program, platform, or tool (the “Site”) may utilize "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
The purposes of cookies are to provide a convenience feature to save you time and to inform the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize the some of the pages of the Site, or register with services, a cookie helps ThalesNano or its licensees to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, your preferences, interests at our website and so on. When you return to the same Site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized.
You will be given information regarding cookies when first visiting this Site. If you continue navigating the Site without acknowledging this option, cookies will be automatically accepted. If you wish to opt-out, most browsers allow you to turn off cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored on your hard drive. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about how to do this. You may also wish to refer to www.allaboutcookies.org. Please note, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the services or the site.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Close GDPR Cookie Banner
Accept
Reject
Close GDPR Cookie Banner
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics and Hotjar to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Settings