https://thalesnano.com/privacy-policy/
Home › Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
ThalesNano is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (together with any applicable Terms of Use and Cookie Policy, the “Policy”) describes our privacy practices regarding the collection, use and transmissions of personal information collected from you, or that you provide to ThalesNano, its affiliates or licensees (“ThalesNano”, “we” or “us”). By visiting this website, application, software, program, platform, or tool (the “Site”), you are accepting the practices described in this Policy.
Collection of your personal information
In case of interest to our chemistry solutions, ThalesNano may collect personal information, such as your company or private email address, name, work address or telephone number or anonymous demographic information. This is information you give ThalesNano by filling in forms on the Site, registering on the Site or downloading professional content. It also includes personal information you provide to us offline, such as when you attend an exhibition, trade show or event.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that may be automatically collected by ThalesNano. This information can include: your IP address, your login information, browser type and version, browser plugins, domain names, products or services you viewed or searched for, download errors, clickstream history through and from the Site, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by ThalesNano for the operation of the service, to conduct business activities, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Site. We also work with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, customer relationship management systems) and may receive or provide information about you from them.
Use of your personal information
We only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract, we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
More specifically, ThalesNano collects, uses, transmits and stores the personal information you provide to deliver the services you have requested; to inform you of other products or services available from ThalesNano; to notify you about changes to our service; and to ensure that content from the Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device. ThalesNano also may use your personal information to operate the Site; for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis and testing; or to contact you via survey to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
ThalesNano will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ThalesNano, its licensees or the Site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of ThalesNano; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of ThalesNano, the Site, or the public.
ThalesNano may provide your personal information to anyone authorized by you to receive your personal information. Personal information collected, however, will always remain in the sole possession of ThalesNano, and will not be given to any third party except in accordance with the terms hereof. ThalesNano may aggregate and amalgamate your personal information with other data, for internal reporting purposes, to improve the delivery of services and for bench-marking services. ThalesNano will only use your personal information under circumstances where you will not be, and could not reasonably be, identified as the source or origin of the information.
Retention
ThalesNano will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Security of your personal information
ThalesNano secures the personal information you provide on servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We do our best to protect your personal information, but we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to the Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once ThalesNano has received your personal information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
From time to time, ThalesNano reviews its security procedures in an effort to make the security of personal information better.  However, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Changes to this statement
If there are material changes to this Policy or in how ThalesNano will use your personal information, ThalesNano will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. ThalesNano encourages you to periodically review this Policy to be informed of how we are protecting your information. This Policy was last updated on May 24, 2018.
Contact information
ThalesNano welcomes your comments regarding this Policy. Please contact us by telephone, email or postal mail if you have any questions or concerns regarding this Policy, its implementation or would like to update your personal information.
ThalesNano Inc.
7 Zahony Street
1031 Budapest, Hungary
Email: info@thalesnano.com
Phone: +36 1 880 8500
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Close GDPR Cookie Banner
Accept
Reject
Close GDPR Cookie Banner
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics and Hotjar to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Settings