https://theaustralianalps.wordpress.com/privacy/
Scope
This notice applies to the Australian Alps national parks Co-operative Management Program web site only. The web site is managed by the Australian Government Department of the Environment.
Personal Information
The use of the term “personal information” in this privacy notice means any information from which your identity is apparent or can be reasonably ascertained.
Australian Alps national parks Co-operative Management Program collects personal information that you choose to give us, for example your email address.
We do not collect identifiable personal information about you if you only browse this web site.
Uses
We only use your personal information for the purposes for which you gave it to us.
We do not share information about you with other government agencies, other organisations, or other persons without your permission unless it:
is necessary to provide you with a service that you have requested
is required or authorised by law
will prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to somebody’s health
We analyse non-identifiable web site traffic data to improve our services. On occasion, we may use cookies.
Your choices
You may gain access to personal information about you that we hold. You can have us correct any errors or delete the information we have about you.
You may opt out of any further contact from us.
To protect your privacy and the privacy of others, we may have to gain evidence of your identity before we can give you access to information about you or change it.
Important Information
This web site is bound by the Information Privacy Principles under the Privacy Act 1988.
We also follow the Guidelines for Federal and ACT Government web sites issued by the Office of the Privacy Commissioner.
Contact us
If you have any privacy concerns with the Australian Alps national parks Co-operative Management Program web site, please contact the Privacy Contact Officer:
Privacy Contact Officer
Australian Government Department of the Environment
GPO Box 787
Canberra ACT 2601
Australia
phone: +61 2 6274 1578
fax: +61 2 6274 1587
privacy@environment.gov.au
Full privacy notice
For more information about our privacy practices, see our full privacy notice.
Download our smartphone guide! Download our guide now!
Search
Search for:
Subscribe and receive Alps news updates
Enter your email address to receive Alps news by email.
Email Address:
Subscribe
About us
FAQ
Accessibility
Disclaimer
Privacy
Copyright
Social MediaView australianalpsnationalparks’s profile on Facebook
See more of the alps on flickr
More Photos