https://thehvacsource.com/wpautoterms/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy - TheHVACSource.com
Skip to content
TheHVACSource.com
HVAC news and views
Contact
Cookie Policy
HVAC News and Views Daily
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Search for:
Contact
Cookie Policy
HVAC News and Views Daily
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Last updated: April 25, 2020
TheHVACSource.com (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the TheHVACSource.com website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the use of cookies to collect information when you use our Service.
This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are in addition to how we use them. You should read this policy to understand what cookies are, how we use them, the types of cookies we use i.e, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used and how to control the cookie preferences. For further information on how we use, store and keep your personal data secure, see our Privacy Policy.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Your consent applies to the following domains: thehvacsource.com
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. The cookies are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. These cookies help us make the website function properly, make the website more secure, provide better user experience, and understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement.
How do we use cookies?
As most of the online services, our website uses cookies first-party and third-party cookies for a number of purposes. The first-party cookies are mostly necessary for the website to function the right way, and they do not collect any of your personally identifiable data.
The third-party cookies used on our websites are used mainly for understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions with our website.
What types of cookies do we use?
Essential: Some cookies are essential for you to be able to experience the full functionality of our site. They allow us to maintain user sessions and prevent any security threats. They do not collect or store any personal information. For example, these cookies allow you to log-in to your account and add products to your basket and checkout securely.
Statistics: These cookies store information like the number of visitors to the website, the number of unique visitors, which pages of the website have been visited, the source of the visit, etc. These data help us understand and analyze how well the website performs and where it needs improvement.
Marketing: Our website displays advertisements. These cookies are used to personalize the advertisements that we show to you so that they are meaningful to you. These cookies also help us keep track of the efficiency of these ad campaigns.
The information stored in these cookies may also be used by the third-party ad providers to show you ads on other websites on the browser as well.
Functional: These are the cookies that help certain non-essential functionalities on our website. These functionalities include embedding content like videos or sharing content on the website on social media platforms.
Preferences: These cookies help us store your settings and browsing preferences like language preferences so that you have a better and efficient experience on future visits to the website.
How can I control cookie preferences?
Cookie preferences can be set in the bottom cookie consent bar upon accessing this site. In addition to this, different browsers provide different methods to block and delete cookies used by websites. You can change the settings of your browser to block/delete the cookies. To find out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit wikipedia.org, www.allaboutcookies.org.
Return to Home Page
Cookie Policy
Post navigation
Terms and Conditions
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy
Terms
Contact
© 2020 TheHVACSource.com
Powered by Pro DIY Websites
This Site Uses Cookies
This site, like many others, uses small files called cookies to help us improve and customize your experience. Learn more about how we use cookies in our cookie policy.
Granular Cookie Control
Functional
Preferences
Analytics
Marketing
OK