https://theiabm.org/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
IABM Privacy Policy
Website use
Membership data
Cookie policy
IABM Privacy Policy
Updated – April 2018
At IABM, we take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services that your membership brings / entitles you to.
We are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of subscribed members and visitors to our web site. On this page you’ll find information on how we treat data that we collect from members and visitors to our website.
Any questions regarding this policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to info@theiabm.org.
Visitors to our Website
When someone visits https://theiabm.org/wp-content we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. You can find more information on how cookies are used on this website in the Cookies Policy below.
If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
In order to improve your website experience, we track all logged in users page views and link clicks. This data is only used internally and will never be provided to a third party.
Membership Sign Up
To gain the full benefits of IABM membership, to register for IABM events and to access certain parts of the IABM website (which require a login process), we need to collect your full name, business email address, job title and company information (held as part of your company’s membership of IABM). We use that information for several reasons: to tell you about activities relevant to your member benefits (such as special events IABM are hosting, new reports and information available); to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied with the services provided by IABM. We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
Due to your companies membership of IABM, we believe we have a legitimate interest in holding your contact information (to enable you to access the benefits of IABM membership) as defined in the ICOs GDPR legislation available to view here.
If you have any questions about our use of your data or you wish to challenge our assumption that you consent to our holding of your information for Legitimate Interests, please email info@theiabm.org
You can update your communication preferences at any time via the Members Area of www.theiabm.org
Website registration and use
In order to acess certain parts of our website, we need to hold data including name, business email address, company and job title. By using our website you consent to us holding this data in accordance with the ICO’s Legitimate Interest policy available here.
We use a third party provider, Dotmailer, to deliver relevant content to you. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-communications. For more information, please see Dotmailer’s Privacy Policy.
We would encourage you to update your communication preferences in the members area of the website to ensure that you are receiving relevant communications from us. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by logging in and updating your preferences in the Members Area.
Links to Other Web Sites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. Those sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy, and if you have questions about how a site uses your information, you’ll need to check that site’s privacy statement.
Access to Your Personal Information
You are entitled to access the personal information that we hold. Email your request to info@theiabm.org
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 30 April 2018.
Cookies Policy
We use a system of classifying the different types of cookies which we use on the Website, or which may be used by third parties through our websites. The classification was developed by the International Chamber of Commerce UK and explains more about which cookies we use, why we use them, and the functionality you will lose if you decide you don’t want to have them on your device.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device.
How long are cookies stored for?
Persistent cookies – these cookies remain on a user’s device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.
Session cookies – these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience.
Cookies used on the Website
A list of all the cookies used on the Website by category is set out below.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies enable services you have specifically asked for.
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited.
By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
These cookies collect information about how visitors use the Website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the Website works.
Functionality cookies
These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience.
By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
These cookies allow the Website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Third party cookies
These cookies allow third parties to track the success of their application or customise the application for you. Because of how cookies work we cannot access these cookies, nor can the third parties access the data in cookies used on our site.
For example, if you choose to ‘share’ content through Twitter or other social networks you might be sent cookies from these websites. We don’t control the setting of these cookies, so please check those websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Follow us on:
IABM Platinum Members
IABM Gold Members
View All IABM Members
×
Log In
Username or E-mail
Password
Remember Me
Lost Password
Not got an account? Click here to register
X