http://thespermbankofca.org/content/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
We hope that all in our TSBC family are safe.  Learn more about our services and COVID-19 under New and Upcoming Events
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
By using this Web site, you signify your agreement to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use this Web site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of this Web site following the posting of changes to these terms constitutes your acceptance of those changes.
Copyright Notice
Copyright by Reproductive Technologies, Inc.. All Rights Reserved.
Some materials delivered from this Web site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information relating to those materials. All photographs, information, materials and other content contained on this Web site are owned by Reproductive Technologies, Inc. and/or its contributors. This Web site contains original works of authorship that are the proprietary property of Reproductive Technologies, Inc. and/or its contributors, and which are protected under U.S. and international copyright laws. It is prohibited to copy, reproduce, modify, display, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, alter, prepare any derivative works of, or otherwise use any material from this Web site, including without limitation code, software, photographs and images, without the prior express written consent of Reproductive Technologies, Inc..
Other Restrictions on Use
Permission to download one copy of the materials delivered from this Web site on any single computer for personal, home use only is hereby granted under the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice must appear in all copies; Any use of the materials available from this Web site must be for informational or educational purposes only and in no instance for commercial purposes; No materials available from this Web site can be modified in any way, and no graphics available from this Web site can be downloaded or used separate from the accompanying text;
No materials may be downloaded to a database that can be used to avoid future downloads from the Web site. Any unauthorized use of the materials contained on this Web site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, communications regulations and statutes, and the laws of privacy. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property right of Reproductive Technologies, Inc.. Reproductive Technologies, Inc. neither warrants nor represents that the use of materials contained on this Web site will not infringe the rights of third parties. Except as expressly granted above, all rights are expressly reserved to Reproductive Technologies, Inc..
Links
As a general practice, Reproductive Technologies, Inc. does not object to links made to Web sites owned or operated by the Reproductive Technologies, Inc. from other sites. There are certain terms and conditions that should be followed. A link to the Reproductive Technologies, Inc. Web site is permissible using the plain text name of Reproductive Technologies, Inc., or any sized reproduction of the posted logo.
Due to frequent content updates, Reproductive Technologies, Inc. recommends that the link be only to the home page of this website. Without Reproductive Technologies, Inc.'s express written permission for a particular use, no content from this Web site should be incorporated into the party's site, e.g., by in-lining or framing. In addition, none of the Reproductive Technologies, Inc. logos, designs, images, photographs, slogans, product trademark or service marks, or any other words or codes identifying the web site should be used in any META tag or other information used by search engines or other information location tools to identify and select sites. Any questions, requests, or comments should be addressed to the contact information above.
Information Warranty Disclaimer
All materials and related graphics provided by this web site and any other materials which are referenced by or linked to this web site are provided 'as is' without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the organization hereby disclaims all warranties and conditions with regard to any materials provided by this web site or any other materials which are referenced by or linked to this web site, including but not limited to all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
Reproductive Technologies, Inc. makes no representations about the suitability of the information delivered from this Web site or any other materials that are referenced by or linked to this Web site for any purpose. Reproductive Technologies, Inc. does not warrant the accuracy, quality, reliability, content, or legality of any materials provided by this web site or any other materials which are referenced by or linked to this web site. Reproductive Technologies, Inc. assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in the materials provided by this Web site or any other materials which are referenced by or linked to this Web site.
Reproductive Technologies, Inc. does not warrant that the functional aspects of this Web site will be error free or uninterrupted, that defects will be corrected, or that this Web site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Some jurisdictions may not permit the exclusion of certain warranties or certain limitations of liability; therefore, some of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply. In those jurisdictions, the liability of Reproductive Technologies, Inc. shall be limited to the maximum extent allowed by law.
Reproductive Technologies, Inc. may update or make changes to the materials provided by this Web site at any time without notice; however, Reproductive Technologies, Inc. makes no commitment to update the information contained herein.
Limitation of Liability
In no event, including but not limited to negligence, shall Reproductive Technologies, Inc. be liable under any theory of tort, contract, strict liability, or other legal or equitable theory for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages, or for damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information contained in any materials provided by this web site or in any other materials which are referenced by or linked to this web site, even if Reproductive Technologies, Inc. or an authorized representative of Reproductive Technologies, Inc. has advised the user of the possibility of damages. In no event shall Reproductive Technologies, Inc. cumulative liability to any party for any damages, losses, or causes of action, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, arising out of or related to this web site or to these terms, exceed the amount paid, if any, for accessing this web site.
Content Posted by Third Parties
Any party who posts information to this Web site agrees not to post any material which is bigoted, hateful, racially offensive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, abusive, illegal, a violation of any copyright or trademark rights, invasive of privacy rights, or a violation of the rights of any party, and further agrees not to represent himself or herself as someone else. Reproductive Technologies, Inc. does not permit any commercial postings, advertising or soliciting, posting of viruses, or off theme postings.
Reproductive Technologies, Inc. reserves the right to modify, reject, or eliminate any information residing on or transmitted to this Web site that, in its sole discretion, it believes is unacceptable or in violation of these terms and conditions. Any party who posts information to this Web site remains solely responsible for the content of their postings.
The use, distribution, or publication of any materials posted by third parties does not constitute or imply an endorsement of those materials or of any opinions or comments in those materials. Reproductive Technologies, Inc. disclaims all responsibility for any bigoted, hateful, racially offensive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, abusive, illegal, or copyright or trademark infringing material, or material that is invasive of privacy rights or a violation of the rights of any party, posted to this Web site by any third party.