https://topekazoo.org/privacypolicy
Skip to content
Topeka Zoo & Conservation Center Privacy Policy
The Topeka Zoo & Conservation Center (the “Zoo” or “we”) is committed to ensuring the privacy of visitors to its website. The following statement discloses our information collection and dissemination practices, which includes visits to https://topekazoo.org/ (the “Site”).  Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it constitutes the agreement between you and the Zoo regarding your provision, and our collection and use of, personal and other information you may provide to us while accessing our Site.
This Site does contain links to other websites, and the Zoo is not responsible for the privacy policies, practices or content of these other websites.
No personal information is required to access the Site. However, in order to make purchase through the website, certain personal information may be required such as your name, address, email address, birth date, telephone number or any combination of this information that could be used to identify you. We do not share with unrelated third parties any personal information that you provide to us. We will share your personal information with vendors that are involved in providing the services we offer or that are involved in the operation and maintenance of our Site.
When you visit the Site or interact with one of our advertisements, the Zoo and/or our vendors may use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies to collect or receive non-personally identifiable information.  These technologies are text files stored on your web browser of your device (e.g., computer or mobile phone to provide a means of distinguishing among users of this web site. The use of cookies is a standard practice among Internet web sites to enhance or customize your visit to our web site.
We may allow our service provider to place cookies on your device (e.g., computer or mobile device) to collect the Internet Protocol address (IP address), which provides our service provider with your general location data. Our service provider may use this data to assist us with serving advertisements, on our web site or elsewhere online, and to report to us on an aggregated basis on the effectiveness of our advertisements at inspiring people to travel to Topeka and provide us with statistics on visitors of Topeka. In order to do so, our service provider may combine your IP address with other information that our service provider has obtained from other sources, as permitted by law. If you wish to opt out of third party cookies that allow us to serve advertisements and collect aggregate information on arrivals at Topeka, click Here.
If you sign up to receive our e-mail newsletter with updates and special deals and later change your mind, simply click the unsubscribe link in any of our e-mail updates.
Once you opt-in to receive deals and information from tourism partners, if you wish to unsubscribe, you will need to contact those partners directly.
Our Site is not directed at children, and we will not accept or request personal information from individuals we know to be under 13. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), if we learn that a child under 13 has provided personal information, we will either (i) delete this information from our databases or (ii) obtain verifiable parental consent in accordance with COPPA.
All content including copy, images and other materials is copyrighted. This website is designed and maintained by the staff of the Zoo. The images on this Site are owned by the Zoo (unless otherwise stated) and may not be used without the permission of the Zoo.  We will post material changes to this Privacy Policy at least 10 days before they take effect.
We appreciate the time you have spent reviewing the Site.  We hope that we can continue to build a long-term relationship with you and encourage you to contact us with your questions or comments. Thank you.
Last Updated:  March 15, 2019.