https://tos.org/privacy-policy
301.251.7708
info@tos.org
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
Join
Renew
Login
Privacy Policy for The Oceanography Society
PRIVACY NOTICE
Effective date: 5/25/2018
This Notice explains how The Oceanography Society (“TOS”) collects and processes your Personal Data. Each time you use our Site, the current version of this Notice will apply. Accordingly, whenever you use our Site, you should check the date of this Notice (which appears at the top) and review any changes since the last version. This Notice is applicable to all Site visitors, registered users, and all other users of our Site.
“Personal Data” is any information that enables us to identify you, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as your name, identification number, or location data.
By visiting tos.org or related properties (oceanopticsconference.org), (together the “Site”), you acknowledge that you have read and understood the processes and policies referred to in this Notice.
WHO WE ARE
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”), the Data Controller is The Oceanography Society with a registered address at 1 Research Court, Suite 450, Rockville, MD 20850 USA.
Our Executive Director, Jennifer Ramarui, is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this Notice for the purposes of the GDPR and can be reached at info@tos.org.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about this Notice, please contact us by phone at 301-251-7708, by sending an email to info@tos.org, or by sending postal mail to The Oceanography Society, 1 Research Court, Suite 450, Rockville, MD 20850 USA.
HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA
Personal Data that You Give Us
We may collect and process the following Personal Data:
Contact information, which you provide when corresponding with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you interact with social media functions on our Site and when you report a problem with our Site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, financial information, and/or credit card information.
Membership information, including your name; contact details such as address, phone number, and email address (business or personal); year of birth; organization; career status (student, early career, or professional); gender (if provided); and any other information related to your membership. Membership information may be provided by you during the registration process, or by your employer on your behalf.
Purchase information, relating to purchases made by members and non-members for event and conference registration, membership dues, or magazine subscriptions either in-person or via our Site. Purchase information will include financial information as well as information concerning the content and time of the purchase. Any payment transactions are encrypted using SSL technology. Online purchases are conducted by a third-party credit card processing service.
Personal Data We Collect from You
Unless you select the option to opt-out of Google Analytics, during each of your visits to tos.org (we do not collect analytics for oceanopticsconference.org), we will automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or device to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform. Note that we have implemented IP address anonymization on our Site.
Information about your visit, including pages you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page.  We have implemented a Do Not Track feature so that if this is turned on in your browser, our Site will automatically not send your data to Google Analytics.
Location information.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only process your Personal Data, including sharing it with third parties, where (1) you have provided your consent, which can be withdrawn at any time, (2) the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, (3) we are required by law, (4) processing is required to protect your vital interests or those of another person, or (5) processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate commercial interests, except where such interests are overridden by your rights and interests.
Personal Data that You Give Us
We may use Personal Data that you provide directly to us for the following purposes:
To carry out our obligations arising from your membership, or any other contract entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and membership services that you request from us
To organize events that you have purchased or registered for, and to provide you with information and other materials, relating to the content of the event, the speakers, sponsors, and other attendees
To provide our newsletter and other publications, provided you have given your consent
To respond to your questions and provide related membership services
To provide you with information about other events, products, and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased, provided you have not opted-out of receiving that information, and to notify you about any changes to our membership service
WHEN WE SHARE AND WHO CAN ACCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may share your Personal Data for the purposes described in this Notice with:
TOS staff members
Partners, suppliers, and subcontractors for the performance of obligations arising from your membership, or any other contract we enter into with them or you, or to provide you with the information, products, and membership services that you request from us
We will only transfer your Personal Data to trusted third parties who provide sufficient guarantees in respect of the technical and organizational security measures governing the processing to be carried out and who can demonstrate a commitment to compliance with those measures.
SELLING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will never sell your Personal Data to third parties.
SECURITY
Although we use security measures to help protect your Personal Data against loss, misuse, or unauthorized disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted to us over the Internet.
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (“EEA”) AND INTERNATIONAL USERS
We are headquartered in the United States. Your Personal Data may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, partners, merchants, or service providers who are located worldwide. If you are visiting our Site from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located, and our central database is operated. By using our Service, you consent to any transfer of this information.
HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will store your Personal Data, in a form that permits us to identify you, for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which the Personal Data is processed. We may retain and use your Personal Data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements and rights, or if it is not technically reasonably feasible to remove it. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your Personal Data quickly upon request.
Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you with services, contact us at info@tos.org. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We maintain one or more databases to store your Personal Data for back up purposes and may keep such information indefinitely.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The Personal Data that you provide to us is generally stored on servers located in the United States. If you are located in another jurisdiction, you should be aware that once your Personal Data are submitted through our Site, it will be transferred to our servers in the United States and that the United States currently does not have uniform data protection laws in place.
COOKIES AND DO NOT TRACK POLICY
The Oceanography Society does not use cookies on its sites. Users may click the button at the top of the Site to Opt-Out of Google Analytics tracking.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our Sites are not directed to children under the age of 13, if you are not 13 years or older, do not use our Site. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If we learn that Personal Data of persons less than 13 years-of-age has been collected through our Site, we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child or a minor under the age of 13 has posted, submitted, or otherwise communicated Personal Data to our Site without your consent, then you may alert us at info@tos.org so that we may take appropriate action to remove the minor’s Personal Data from our systems.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES AND SERVICES
Our Sites may contain links to third-party websites, applications, and services not operated by us. These links are provided as a service and do not imply any endorsement by us of the activities or content of these sites, applications or services nor any association with their operators. The Oceanography Society is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party including websites or services directly linked to our Service. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party site that you link to from our Service.
YOUR RIGHTS
Correction and Removal
If any of the information that we have about you is incorrect, or you wish to have information (including Personal Data) removed from our records, you may do so by visiting the TOS Member Center, or contacting us at info@tos.org.
Opting Out
Additionally, if you prefer not to receive marketing messages from us, please let us know by clicking on the unsubscribe link within any marketing message that you receive, by visiting the TOS Member Center, or by sending a message to us at info@tos.org.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your Personal Data for marketing purposes. We will inform you (before collecting your Personal Data) if we intend to use your Personal Data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your Personal Data. You can also exercise the right by contacting us using the contact information on the bottom of our Site.
Under European data protection law, in certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Request access to your Personal Data. You may have the right to request access to any Personal Data we hold about you as well as related information, including the purposes for processing the Personal Data, the recipients or categories of recipients with whom the Personal Data has been shared, where possible, the period for which the Personal Data will be stored, the source of the Personal Data, and the existence of any automated decision making.
Request correction of your Personal Data. You may have the right to obtain without undue delay the rectification of any inaccurate Personal Data we hold about you.
Request erasure of your Personal Data. You may have the right to request that Personal Data held about you is deleted.
Object to processing of your Personal Data. You may have the right to prevent or restrict processing of your Personal Data.
Request restriction of processing your Personal Data Request transfer of your Personal Data. You may have the right to request transfer of Personal Data directly to a third party where this is technically feasible.
Withdraw your consent.
We extend these rights to all Site users. In addition, where you believe that TOS has not complied with its obligations under this Notice or European law, you have the right to make a complaint to an EU Data Protection Authority, such as the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can exercise any of these rights by contacting us using the contact information located on the bottom of our Site.
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE
If we make any material changes to this Notice or the way we use, share, or collect personal Data, we will notify you by revising the “Effective Date” at the top of this Notice, prominently posting an announcement of the changes on our Site, or sending an email to the email address you most recently provided us (unless we do not have such an email address) prior to the new policy taking effect.
Any changes we make to this Notice in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notification sent to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this Notice.
Translate »