https://treesforlife.org.uk/policies/
Search for:
Policies
Trees for Life – Coronavirus (COVID-19) impacts and actions
View our Coronavirus policy, impacts and actions here.
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Renewable energy policy
At Trees for Life we are committed to protecting the privacy of our supporters as well as visitors to our website. This policy explains how we collect information, what we use it for and your rights to control our use of your information.
This policy applies in connection with our website, social media pages and all our printed and electronic communications.
If you no longer want to receive marketing communications from us or change how we contact you at any time, please email info@treesforlife.org.uk, phone 01309 691292 (9am-5pm, Mon to Frid), or write to our registered office address below.
Reference in this policy to “we”, “us” or “our” refers to Trees for Life. Trees for Life is a registered Scottish charity (number SC021303) and a company limited by guarantee, registered in Scotland (Company No. SC143304) at The Park, Findhorn Bay, Forres, Moray, IV36 3TH.
1. What information we collect
We collect information you provide to us, which includes data you give when placing an order, joining as a member or communicating with us in other ways. It can include:
your name
address
phone number
email address
date of birth
dietary/ medical information (eg when volunteering)
credit/debit card details (note that we never store card data) and whether donations are gift aided.
the ways in which you have supported the restoration of the wild forest.
when and how much you have donated to a particular cause.
If you choose not to disclose requested information, we may not be able to provide you with certain services.
If you purchase Trees for Life membership as a gift for someone or a Joint Life membership, your details and those of the recipients will be recorded along with your relationship to them.
If you work for us as a volunteer, contractor or member of staff then we may collect additional information about you (eg emergency contact details, medical conditions). This information is retained for legal reasons, to protect us (including in the event of an insurance or legal claim) and for safeguarding purposes. We take extra care to ensure sensitive personal data (such as health information) is protected.
We sometimes receive personal data about individuals, such as volunteers, from third parties, for example when we partner with another organisations to do tree planting.
You do not need to disclose any personal information to simply browse our site.
2. How your personal information is used
We process personal information for certain legitimate business purposes, which include the following:
where the processing enables us to enhance, modify, personalise or otherwise improve our services and communications to supporters to benefit our charitable objectives.
to identify and prevent fraud
to enhance the security of our network and information systems
to better understand how people interact with our websites
to provide postal communications to you which we think will be of interest to you
to determine the effectiveness of our appeal campaigns, advertising and other promotions.
to provide a personalised service to you when you visit our website.
We also use personal data for administrative purposes including:
the processing of membership and donations
the fulfilment of orders for goods or services
to respect your choices and preferences (eg if you ask not to receive marketing material, we will keep a record of this to ensure we respect your choice).
In some cases we may also process data to:
enter into, or perform, a contract with you
comply with a legal duty
protect your vital interests (ie to protect someone’s life).
We may carry out research and analysis on our supporters’ data to help us better understand them, improve the relevance and effectiveness of our marketing, and provide a better service to supporters. This may include using demographic or other information to identify common characteristics, interests and preferences.
We may also occasionally use publically available information about individuals, such as media reports or information on Companies House about business interests, to inform our communication. However we would much rather talk to you than Google you!
We may aggregate and anonymise personal data before we analyse it so that it can no longer be linked to an identifiable person.
3. Marketing information by email
When providing us with email information via our website, you will be given the option to opt-in to receive marketing communications from us. Where you agree, we may send you our regular ‘Tree News’ e-newsletter and other occasional emails about volunteering, events, appeals and fundraising. You can object or unsubscribe to receiving marketing emails from us at any time. Please let us know by calling us on 01309 691292 or emailing us at info@treesforlife.org.uk.
4. Telephone
We do not make marketing calls without consent.
You may receive other types of telephone calls from us which are administrative or in response to a request from you for information, such as regarding your membership, order or volunteer booking.
5. Who do we share information with?
We will never sell or rent your personal information to other organisations. We will only disclose information when obliged to by law, for purposes of national security, taxation and criminal investigations and the following:
When we use other companies to provide services on our behalf, e.g. mailing or delivering orders, when using auditors/ advisors or processing credit cards payments
If we receive a complaint about any content you have posted or transmitted to or from our site, to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions or if we believe that we need to do so to protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of Trees for Life, our website or our visitors and for other lawful purposes
If we merge with another organisation to form a new entity, information may be transferred to the new entity
6. Storing your information
We are based in the UK and we store our data within the European Union or with providers which have been confirmed as complying with data protection legal standards.
We aim to keep the information we hold about you accurate and up to date. You can check this by emailing us at info@treesforlife.org.uk. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
Any personal information you supply to us will not be retained for longer than necessary. If you ask us to stop sending you marketing emails we will stop storing your email for that purpose but we will keep a record of your preference on a ‘do not contact’ list as required by the Privacy of e-Communications Regulation.
We regularly review what information we hold and delete any that is no longer required.
7. Your right to control your data
You have legal rights for the control of your data, which includes:
the right for confirmation as to whether or not we hold your personal data
the right to obtain a copy of the information we hold (called a Subject Access Request, see section 9 below).
the right to have inaccurate data corrected
the right to have your data erased, except where it is necessary for us to continue to use the data for a lawful reason.
the right to object to our processing of your data for marketing or profiling
the right to receive your data in a common electronic format where we hold it either on the basis of your consent or for the performance of a contract.
8. Users under the age of 16
If you are under 16, please ensure you obtain your parent/ guardian’s permission before sending any personal information to any website or Trees for Life.
We will not knowingly accept online donations or orders for goods from persons under the age of 16.
9. Access to your own information
You can contact us at any time to access, change or update the details we hold on you. You can obtain a copy of your record, known as a Subject Access Request free of charge. However, we may charge a fee of £10 if a Request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, particularly if it is repetitive.
We will of course ask you to confirm your identity. If you would like to access the personal data held on you by Trees for Life, please apply in writing to:
Data Protection Office, Trees for Life, The Park, Findhorn Bay, Forres, IV36 3TH
We must provide you the information without delay and at the latest within one month of receipt.
We may extend the period of compliance by a further two months where requests are complex or numerous. If this is the case, we will inform you within one month of the receipt of the request and explain why the extension is necessary.
10. Other websites
Our website and social media pages contain hyperlinks to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Please email us at info@treesforlife.org.uk if a link is not working.
When purchasing goods or services from any of the companies to which the Trees for Life site links, you are forming a contract with the company(s) concerned, not with Trees for Life.
11. Using our social media pages
While this policy covers our privacy practices and how we will use any information collected from our website and social media pages, it doesn’t cover how providers of social media websites will use your information.
Please refer to the social media site’s privacy policies before adding any content to our social media pages. Make use of the social media site privacy settings and reporting mechanisms to control the way that your information is handled.
12. Posting content on our website and social media pages
Please see our Terms and Conditions for Products and Services.
13. Security
We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control. Whilst we can’t guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information won’t occur, we will use industry standard methods to prevent this.
Whilst we do our best to try and protect the security of your information, we can’t ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information won’t occur whilst you are transferring information across the internet.
14. Cookies
As most websites do, ours uses cookies to help provide our visitors with the best experience we can. Cookies are small files that are placed on your device when you browse websites.
We use cookies to help us to:
Remember the contents of your basket
Remember your settings during and between visits
Improve the speed/ security of our site
Allow you to share pages with social networking sites
Continuously improve our website for you
Make our marketing more efficient
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your browser are adjusted to accept cookies, when using this to access our site, we take this as your permission to use cookies when using our website. Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site, please see our instructions below.
How long do cookies last?
When a web server sends a cookie, it asks your browser to keep that particular cookie until a certain date and time. These can be:
A date in the future
When you close your browser (known as a Session Cookie)
A date in the past
Site improvement cookies
Occasionally we will test new designs or site features on our website. We may do this by showing slightly different versions of our website to different people and then anonymously monitoring how our site visitors respond to these different versions. This will ultimately help us to provide you with a better website.
Anonymous visitor statistic cookies
We use cookies to analyse visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using, how long they spent on the site, what pages they looked at, etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. With the use of Google Analytics, we are also able to find out, on an anonymous basis, from which search engine visitors reached our site and whether they have visited before. This helps us to continue to develop our service for you.
Third party functions
Our site includes functionality provided by third parties, for example embedded YouTube videos. These third party functions will also use cookies and disabling these cookies will likely break the functions offered by these third parties.
Social networking site cookies
So you can easily “Share” or “Like” our content on social networking sites, we have sharing buttons on our site. The privacy implications on this will vary from site to site and will be dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on these particular sites.
Turning cookies off
You can usually turn cookies off by adjusting the settings on your browser to stop it from accepting cookies. Please do be aware that, in doing so, you will likely affect the functionality of our website.
15. Complaints
If you are dissatisfied with our use of your personal data, you can complain by email, FAO Data Protection Lead via info@treesforlife.org.uk or by phone on 01309 691292 or in writing to Data Protection Lead, Trees for Life, The Park, Findhorn Bay, Forres, IV36 3TH. For all other complaints, please see our Complaints Handling Procedure.
If you are not happy with our response or consider that your data protection or privacy rights have been infringed, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) at www.ico.org.uk
16. Changes to Privacy and Cookie Policy
Any changes or updates to this policy will be placed on this webpage. Your continued use of our website after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.
By using our site of social media pages, you consent to our collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. If you don’t agree to this policy, please don’t use our site or social media pages.
If you have any questions/comments about privacy, please email us at info@treesforlife.org.uk
This Privacy and Cookie Policy was last updated: 4 May 2018
Thank you for visiting the Trees for Life website. Please read these terms and conditions (“Terms”) carefully before using this site. If you do not accept these Terms, please do not use this website. If you use this website, you will be bound by these Terms and they will form a contract between you and us.
These Terms apply to the entire contents of our website, to any downloaded or streamed content and to any correspondence by email between you and us. The Privacy  Policy also forms part of these Terms and should be read in addition.
1. Who we are
Trees for Life is a company limited by guarantee, registered in Scotland (Company No. SC143304), with registered office at The Park, Findhorn Bay, Forres, Moray, IV36 3TH. Trees for Life is also a registered Scottish charity (charity number SC021303). Reference in these Terms to “we”, “us” or “our” refers to Trees for Life.
2. Changes
We may change these Terms at any time, in which case the amended Terms will be posted on our website and will apply from the date we post them, with the exception that any orders that we have already accepted from you before the new Terms are posted will continue to be subject to the Terms in force when your order was accepted. Please check these Terms on each occasion you transact with us.
3. Using our website
In using our website, you agree to only do so in a manner that complies with all applicable laws and regulations and is consistent with these Terms and does not infringe the rights of anyone else, nor restrict or inhibit their use and enjoyment of our site (including, without limitation, by hacking). We reserve the right in our sole discretion to deny any user access to our website without prior notice.
4. Registration
You are not required to register to use our site.
5. Privacy Policy
We take your privacy very seriously and will treat all of your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
6. Website content
All content posted or submitted by users of this website, including but not limited to, stories, comments, suggestions and emails, must comply with the following rules. Please read these rules carefully before submitting any material to this website. We are not responsible for the contributions posted to our website. These contributions express the views of the author of the contribution and not the views of Trees for Life.
If you have a complaint about any content on this website, please notify us immediately by email at info@treesforlife.org.uk.
6.1 You must not post or transmit to this website any material:
That is knowingly false or misleading, defamatory, illegal, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, liable to incite racial hatred, blasphemous, discriminatory, pornographic, sexually oriented, threatening or invasive of a person’s privacy;
Which you do not own or for which you have not obtained all necessary licenses and/or approvals;
Which is technically harmful (including, amongst other things, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data);
Impersonating any person or entity, or falsely stating or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with anyone or any entity.
6.2 If you post or transmit to our website any material of the type prohibited under term 6.1 above (or which otherwise results in a claim or action against us) and we incur any costs, expenses, liability or losses as a result, then you agree to indemnify us for all such costs, expenses, liability and losses.
6.3 If you post or transmit any material to our website:
You grant us a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty free, worldwide licence to use, highlight, comment, modify or reproduce your contributions in whole or part, in whatever form, on our website, social media pages and other communications and publications;
By submitting a contribution you waive your moral rights including the right to be identified as the author of the content;
You grant us the right to use the name that you submit in connection with that material; and
We shall be entitled to reveal your identity (or any information which we have about you) to any third party that any of that material violates any of their rights or to any government or regulatory authority that is entitled or requires us to do so.
6.4 We may remove or edit any material or posting you make on our website at any time.
7. Intellectual property rights
7.1 You acknowledge that all copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights on our website and all photographs, footage, designs, images, text, software, data and other material in our site or generated by our site are owned by us or our licensors. You are permitted to use the site and this material only as expressly authorised by us.
7.2 You are permitted to print and download extracts from our website for your personal non-commercial use and for private study or teaching purposes, provided in each case that:
Copyright and source indications are also printed and copied;
No modifications are made to the materials and they are not used as part of any other publication;
Any document is printed and copied entirely and is not used in a derogatory or misleading context; and
The material is not used in a manner which may damage our reputation or otherwise be harmful to us or impair our ability to achieve our charitable objects.
7.3 No other us of material on our website may be made without first obtaining our written consent. In particular, you must not do the following unless you have first obtained our written permission:
Incorporate any material from our site in any other work, broadcast or publication, whether hard copy or electronic form; nor
Make any commercial use or publication of any material on our site (other than as necessary for the purpose of viewing the site in the course of business).
7.4 If you wish to use any material from any of our site other than in accordance with the term 7.2 above, please email your request to info@treesforlife.org.uk.
7.5 The photographic, text and other graphic images within any products or publications supplied to you are copyright works and none of them may be copied, reproduced, licensed or otherwise exploited.
7.6 Logos and names used on the website may be the trademarks of Trees for Life or their respective owners. No permission is given by us in respect of the use of any such trademarks, names or logos and such use may constitute an infringement of the holder’s rights.
7.7 Whilst we encourage our supporters to campaign on the issues referred to on our website, unless we have specifically authorised you to do so, please do not imply that you are taking action on behalf of Trees for Life and in particular do not state that Trees for Life is taking, or proposes or is considering taking, action against individuals or organisations, for example, a boycott of a company’s products.
7.8 Any rights not expressly granted in these terms are reserved.
7.9 We reserve the right to terminate your rights to use or receive material from us at any time.
8. Advertisers and sponsors
We may from time allow companies to advertise goods and services on our site. Whilst we will not knowingly run an advert that is untrue, or which relates to goods or services contrary to our objects, the appearance of an advert does not mean that we endorse the advertiser’s goods or services. With the exception of products sold on this website, we are not responsible for the accuracy of any advertising material or for any advertised product or service.
9. Disclaimers
9.1 The information provided on this website is intended to provide general information only and, as such, should not be considered as a substitute for advice covering any specific situation. Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on our website is correct, we do not warrant the accuracy and completeness of that information and we will not be held liable for any errors or omissions. The material on our website may be out of date, and we make no commitment to update such material.
9.2 The products which are supplied via our website have been designed to comply with the statutory legal requirements and relevant safety standards of the United Kingdom. We can therefore make no representation or warranty that any product provided via or referred to in our site is compliant with health, safety or other legal requirements which apply outside the United Kingdom or are otherwise suitable for use outside of the United Kingdom. You may not access our site from countries where their contents are illegal or unlawful. If you do access our site from locations outside the United Kingdom, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
9.3 We take every reasonable care to ensure at all orders, donations and subsequent transactions are conducted via a secure link. However, the security of information and payments transmitted via the internet cannot be guaranteed and as we are not responsible for the operation of the secure link we will not, unless we are negligent, be liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party obtains unauthorised access to any information you provide.
9.4 We do not warrant that the functions contained in our site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that our site or the servers that make them available are free of viruses or bugs or represent full functionality, accuracy or reliability of the materials. We will not be liable for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or your computer system or any other damages (including amongst others losses, loss of profit or loss of use) arising out of your use or delay or inability to use our site, their content or any link to another website arising in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise except in the case of death or personal injury caused by our negligence.
10. Liability
10.1 We do not limit in any way our liability for fraud or death or personal injury caused by our negligence or breach of statutory duty or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
10.2 We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by us or our employees or agents in circumstances where:
Loss or damage was not reasonably foreseeable to both you and us when you commenced using our site or when a contract for the supply of products by us to you was formed;
Loss or damage was not caused by any breach by us, our employees or agents; nor
Loss or damage relates to your business (including loss of profits, revenue, contracts, anticipated savings, data, goodwill or wasted expenditure).
11. Links
11.1 Our site may contain hyperlinks to third party websites. Such links are provided for your convenience only. We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their contents. The mere inclusion of such links doe not imply any endorsement of the material on those websites nor any association with their operators. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to or from our website, you do so entirely at your own risk and we are not responsible for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the content, information, advertising, services or products available on third party websites. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of the linked pages. If a link is not working, please email info@treesforlife.org.uk.
11.2 Our website may also contain functionality provided by third party services. In engaging with these third party services, you are subject to their terms and conditions, and Trees for Life has no responsibility or liability in connection with those services or relationships.
11.3 If you wish to link from your website to any page of our site you may do so only on the basis that you link to, but do not replicate, the website page, and subject to the following conditions:
The linking text must simply consist of the website address;
You do not remove, distort or otherwise alter the size or appearance of any logos on our site;
You do not in any way imply that we are endorsing any products or services;
You do not misrepresent you relationship with us nor present any other false information about us;
You do not otherwise use any Trees for Life trademarks displayed on our site without our express written permission;
You do not link from a website that is not owned by you; and
Your website does not contain content of the type referred to in term 6.1 or that does not comply with all applicable laws and regulations.
11.4 At any time and at our complete discretion we reserve the right to withdraw the permission to make website links to our site.
12. General
12.1 If any provisions of these Terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any country which apply to these Terms, then so far as these Terms apply within that country in which those provisions are illegal, invalid or unenforceable those provisions shall be severed and deleted from these Terms and the remaining provisions of these Terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
12.2 If you breach these Terms and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies at a later date or in any other situation where you breached these Terms.
12.3 Events beyond our control – we will not be liable to you for any delay in delivering any services or order or for breach of our obligations, if the delay or breach is due to acts of God, civil commotion, riots, malicious damage, floods, drought, fire, epidemic, legislation, failure of ISP or telecommunications provider or any other cause beyond our reasonable control. This does not affect your statutory rights.
13. Law, courts and language
These Terms, use of our site and the supply of products and services by us are governed by and to be interpreted in accordance with Scottish law. In the event of any dispute arising in relation to these Terms, use of our site or in relation to the supply of any products or services by us the appropriate UK courts will have jurisdiction over the dispute. These Terms and our website are provided in the English language only.
14. Provisions applying when ordering products, Donation Packs, making donations or booking Conservation Weeks
The term “Donation Pack” refers to donations made to Trees for Life for which you will receive a certificate or other acknowledgement as a thank you for your donation. Examples of current Donation Packs include:
Tree certificates
Groves
Sponsor a Squirrel
Membership
Virtual Gifts
14.1 All orders for products are subject to availability and we reserve the right to refuse to supply to any individual or company.
14.2 Your submission of an order represents an offer to purchase the products (or an application for the Donation Pack) indicated by you and is not binding on us until we have accepted your order. This means that if a product is shown on our site but is not available or is incorrectly priced or otherwise incorrectly described or if we are unable to arrange delivery to your address or wish to decline your offer/ application for any other reason, we will not be obliged to sell you that product/ provide you with that Donation Pack/ book you onto the Conservation Week, in which case we will let you know and will not charge you for the product/ Donation Pack/ Conservation Week.
14.2 Shortly after we receive your order, you will receive an automatic acknowledgement by email, detailing the products you have ordered, Donation Pack you have applied for or Conservation Week you have booked. This email does not mean that your order is accepted but merely a confirmation that it has been received.
14.3 We may contact you to obtain further information to enable your order to be evaluated or processed.
14.4 Acceptance of your order for a product/ application for a Donation Pack/ booking for a Conservation Week and completion of the contract between you and us will take place when we dispatch the product/ Donation Pack to you or send you a Conservation Week Confirmation by email. Any products on the same order which we have not dispatched to you do not form part of that contract.
14.5 The price you pay is the price displayed on our site at the time we receive your order apart from where an error has occurred in displaying the price. While we try and ensure that all prices on our site are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of products you have ordered we will inform you as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. Under these circumstances, if you cancel and you have already paid for the products, you will receive a full refund.
14.6 Prices displayed include VAT where applicable. Price and availability information is subject to change without notice.
14.7 Products may differ slightly from the images shown. All sizes and dimensions of products as indicated on our site are approximate but we make every effort to make sure they are as accurate as possible. We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colours of the images that appear on our site. However, as the actual colours you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any colour will accurately reflect the colour of the product on delivery.
14.8 You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the details provided on the order form. Take particular care when entering information to be used in or on any certificates or products to be personalised to your requirements.
14.9 We do not record details of your order for you to directly access on our website.
15. Payments
15.1 Donations are non-refundable and this includes Donation Packs. If you have a query about a donation you have made, please contact us on 01309 691292 (Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pm).
15.2 We accept Visa Credit, Visa Debit, Mastercard Credit, Mastercard Debit and Maestro. We cannot accept payment by cheque for orders placed online.
15.3 Payment will be taken at the order/ donation processing stage. If you have a query about a payment, please contact us on 01309 691292 (Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pm).
15.4 By placing an order you consent to payment being charged to your debit or credit card as provided on the order form. We use Stripe to validate your payment and do not store payment card details for future purchases.
16. Delivery
16.1 We will let you know the total amount charged for postage and packaging where relevant before you submit your order.
16.2 Additional delivery charges may apply for overseas deliveries or bulky/ heavy items. In such cases, you will be notified of the additional charges and asked to provide payment prior to the goods being dispatched. If we do not receive payment for additional delivery charges, the order will be cancelled.
16.3 Express Delivery is not available.
16.4 Orders and Donation Packs are sent by 2nd Class post using Royal Mail or National Carriers.
16.5 We aim to deliver all products and Donation Packs within 10 working days of your order.
16.6 During exceptionally busy periods your order may take longer to arrive. If your order or Donation Pack is time-sensitive, please contact us on 01309 691292 or at info@treesforlife.org.uk. If we fail to deliver your order within 30 days we will notify you of the reason for the delay and you may cancel your order and we will provide you with a full refund for the goods not delivered.
16.7 All deliveries will be made to you or the recipient specified by you as specified in your order.
16.8 We may, at our discretion and expense, deliver parts of your order separately.
16.9 If we are unable to deliver the products to you at the address you have specified for any reason (other than when we are at fault), we will notify you and store the products for up to 30 days. At our discretion we may either attempt to redeliver the products to you or issue you with a refund for the price paid, less postage and packaging. No refund will be made for products which have been personalised in accordance with your requirements.
17. Product Returns and Exchanges
17.1 If you change your mind about a product you can cancel or exchange your order, either before or after we deliver it, by notifying us within 15 days of the full order being delivered, without giving any reason. You can do so by contacting us on 01309 691292 or at info@treesforlife.org.uk. Once you have notified us of your wish to cancel or exchange your order, you then have 15 days to get the goods back to us for a refund. For exchanges, you will be required to provide payment for postage and packaging prior to us sending out a replacement (other than when we are at fault).
17.2 Your right to cancel does not apply to personalised products, Donation Packs or digital content (such as e-books).
17.3 Products must be returned to us in their original packaging, with all tags intact and in good, re-saleable condition and unused.
17.4 You will be responsible for the cost of returning products to us unless we deliver the item to you in error or where the product is faulty.
18. Product Refunds
18.1 If you cancel your order in accordance with the provisions above, we will refund you:
Where the item has not been delivered, the purchase price for the item cancelled plus the standard delivery charge paid at the time of ordering.
Where the item has already been delivered, the purchase price for the item cancelled excluding any delivery charges.
18.2 Any refund issued under these provisions will be made using the same means of payment as you used for your order, within 14 days of us receiving the products back or cancellation where the product has not yet been dispatched.
18.3 You will not incur any fees as a result of the refund.
18.4 If for any reason you suspect that your credit or debit card has been used to make an inaccurate or incorrect transaction through this website, please notify your issuing bank immediately for investigation.
19. Return of faulty products
19.1 You are entitled by law to receive products which are as described and in good, usable condition and we will always strive to do so.
19.2 If you do receive a product which is faulty and would like to request a refund or replacement please contact us on 01309 691292 or at info@treesforlife.org.uk. You can find out about your rights as a consumer if you receive faulty goods from the Citizens Advice Bureau.
19.3 To get your product replaced, or to receive a refund, you will need to return it to us by post or courier (where the product is unsuitable for posting). The cost of any postage or carriage charged for returning faulty goods will be refunded.
20. Donation Packs
20.1 If you are ordering one of our Donation Packs you are directly contributing towards our practical work to restore the Caledonian Forest. You will receive a certificate or personalised webpage to commemorate your donation/ dedication but any trees planted as part of your donation will not be marked or labelled in any way. You are more than welcome to visit our conservation estate, Dundreggan, where many of our dedicated trees are planted but planting sites are often remote and difficult to access.
20.2 Your certificate will be printed with the wording you enter in the order form. Please check this carefully before you finalise your order. If you notice any error in the wording of the certificate, please contact us as soon as possible at info@treesforlife.org.uk.
20.3 E-certificates are sent as soon as you have submitted your online order, though due to circumstances beyond our control they may occasionally take several minutes or hours to arrive in the recipient’s inbox. If you or the intended recipient do not receive the certificate, please contact us on info@treesforlife.org.uk
21. Groves and Grove donations
21.1 When you purchase a Grove or make a donation to an existing Grove, the new Grove or donation will not be published on the website until the content has been approved by us. Therefore, there may be a slight delay during out of office hours or at times when we are exceptionally busy. If your Grove or Grove donation is time-sensitive, please order during office hours of Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pm and notify us by emailing info@treesforlife.org.uk.
21.2 We do not generally send out certificates with Groves or Grove donations. If you would like a certificate to go with your Grove or Grove donation please contact us on 01309 691292 or at info@treesforlife.org.uk. An additional charge may be applicable, at our entire discretion, for sending out a certificate.
21.3 When purchasing a Grove or making a Grove donation, you are responsible for ensuring that the content is appropriate. If you include any material of the nature that is prohibited in term 6.1 when ordering a Grove or making a Grove donation, we reserve the right to refuse to publish the Grove page or dedication with no refund given.
21.4 We may remove a Grove if it remains inactive for a period of five or more years – we will contact you before doing so.
21.5 Images uploaded to a Grove are public and may by found through search engines. Please keep this in mind when adding images to your Grove if you wish for them to remain private.
22. Customer Service/complaints
22.1 We hope that you are happy with your products and the service you receive. However, should you have any queries or problems please contact us Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pm on 01309 691292 or by email at info@treesforlife.org.uk.
22.2 If you want to complain, please see our Complaints Policy. We endeavour to resolve complaints as quickly, as possible but if we are unable to do so you may refer your complaint to a European Commission Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) provider and we will cooperate with the ADR provider in trying to find a mutually acceptable resolution.
23. Ethical funding policy
Our ethical funding policy provides guidance on the acceptability of funding and other support that might be offered to Trees for Life by corporates or other major benefactors. It is available to download here.
These Terms do not affect your statutory rights as a consumer. For information about your statutory rights visit the Citizens Advice consumer service.
These Terms were last updated: May 2018
Trees for Life is broadly supportive of initiatives in Scotland that replace fossil fuels with greener renewable energy. As a general principle, these should be diverse, relatively small in scale, and sited in areas that avoid wild and largely natural landscapes. For example, our Findhorn office obtains its electricity from a small scale, community-owned wind farm situated about 500 metres from the building, in an area that has already been heavily-modified by human activities.
Trees for Life recognises that every new initiative carries complex aesthetic, commercial and environmental considerations. Taking a broad, balanced and informed approach, Trees for Life will view renewable energy initiatives, with the potential to make an impact on the ancient Caledonian Forest, on a case-by-case basis but will advocate:
assessment of the carbon impact of any initiative
open and transparent communication
extensive compensatory tree planting
wide consultation with environmental and community groups
local benefits as the result of any renewable energy initiative
minimal visual impact and environmental effects on sensitive wild landscapes
maximum benefits for biodiversity from any renewable energy initiative
For renewable energy installations that gain planning consent in the areas where we operate, we will seek involvement, where appropriate, in the environmental mitigation measures associated with the schemes.
Support our work
Our vision is of a revitalised wild forest in the Highlands of Scotland, providing space for wildlife to flourish and communities to thrive.
Plant a tree Donate
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok