https://trees.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy for Trees.org:
An Initiative of Trees for the Future
Trees for the Future is a 501 (c) 3 tax-exempt nonprofit organization. Protecting the privacy of our donors is extremely important to us, and we have developed this privacy policy to inform you of our efforts in this regard. This policy may be updated from time to time.
Information we collect
The tax laws of the United States and the State of Maryland require us to keep contact information and the contribution amounts for our donors on file. This includes amount donated, date of donation, donor comments, address, email, and telephone number.
How we use that information
Trees for the Future will never publish, sell, trade, share, or rent the names, contact information, or donation information of our donors. We will use the information only for the following purposes:
Sending donation receipts and acknowledgment
Sending further communications regarding the activities of Trees for the Future, its mission, and how donors may continue to support the organization.
Sending our newsletter and e-newsletter to donors. Any donor that does not wish to receive these newsletters may easily opt out.
Reporting to federal and state agencies as required by law.
Donations are assumed to be private unless the donor explicitly states otherwise. All comments and communications with donors are kept strictly confidential. Donors can opt out of receiving some or all communications from us, if they prefer, by unsubscribing to the email newsletter or contacting us (contact information below).
Financial information
Trees for the Future utilizes secure encrypted online payment processing and does not store or have access to your credit card information, bank account numbers, or other private account data.
Contact us
Mailed donations are placed in a lockbox until they are deposited, providing the highest possible level of security and confidentiality.
If you have any questions about this policy, or need further assistance, please send an email to info@trees.org, or write to:
Trees for the Future
PO Box 7027
Silver Spring, MD 20907
We use cookies on our website to personalize your experience and improve our efforts. By continuing, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy I AGREEPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.