https://turbinegeneratortraining.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Seminar Information
Boilers
Combustion Turbine & Combined Cycle
Instrumentation & Controls
Operations & Maintenance
Performance
E & I Maintenance
Generators
Mechanical Maintenance
Power Plant Operations
Steam Turbine Generators
Instrumentation & Controls
Maintenance
Operations
Site Utilities
Seminar Schedule
By Topic
By Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Turbine Type
(GE) Fossil Steam Turbine Generators
(GE) Nuclear (GE) Steam Turbine Generators
(GE) Combined Cycle Turbine Generators
(GE) Frame 5 Gas Turbine Generator
(W) Fossil Steam Turbine Generators
(W) Nuclear Steam Turbine Generators
(GE) Frame 6 Gas Turbine Generator
(GE) Frame 7EA Gas Turbine Generator
(GE) Frame 7FA Gas Turbine Generator
(GE) 7HA Gas Turbine Generator
(W) 501 Combustion Turbine Generator
(GE) Frame 9E Gas Turbine Generator
(GE) Frame 9F Gas Turbine Generator
About
About HPC
HPC Associates
Training Budget
Documentation Services
Contact
My Account
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Log In
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
HPC Technical Services’ (HPC) respects your privacy. We are committed to protecting your privacy and committed to developing technology that gives you the most powerful and secure online experience. Billing and personal information is encrypted whenever transmitted or received online. Personal information is accessible only to staff, agents, or contractors of HPC. To protect the security of information supplied, all employees and businesses are provided user names and passwords to access their information.
This privacy statement covers personally identifiable information, anonymous data collection and aggregate reporting. Personally identifiable information is any information that is associated with your name or personal identity.
What We Collect
During the registration process, the types of personal information you provide to us may include, name, address, phone, fax, e-mail address, social security number, driver’s license number, date of birth, username and password, billing information, transaction, and credit card information.
When you browse our web site, you do so anonymously. We do not link your IP address to any personal information unless you have logged in to our web site. Like many other commercial web sites, HPC’s web site may use a standard technology called a “cookie” to collect information about how you use the site. Please go to “Use of Cookies” below for more information.
How We Use It
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To make the site easier for you to use by not making you enter your personal information more than once.
To deliver services that you request or purchase.
To help you effectively complete your educational requirements.
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you.
To alert you of product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services provided from HPC Technical Services.
To provide feedback in an online survey.
To participate in promotional offers.
To request assistance or fill out support requests.
Who We Share It With
We never sell or rent your personal information. HPC may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law (for example, a subpoena) or regulation, or in good faith to (a) comply with legal processes served on the site, or (b) protect the rights and property of HPC, or (c) where our records indicate fraudulent activity or other deceptive practices that a governmental agency should be made aware of, or (d) where your communication suggests possible harm to others.
When you register, HPC will not share your information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions already listed. It will only be used for the purposes stated above. We use personal information to reply to inquires, handle complaints, provide operational notices, keep records up to date to notify you via periodic e-mails of technical service issues, specials, or other related product/service information.
Internet Commerce
The online registration is designed to give you options concerning the privacy of your credit card information, name, address, e-mail and any other information you provide us. HPC is committed to data security with respect to information collected on our site. We offer the industry standard security measures available through your browser called SSL encryption. If at any time you would like to make a purchase, but do not want to provide you credit card information online, you may contact a customer service representative over the telephone…simply call 941-747-7733, ext. 150.
Security of Your Personal Information
HPC strictly protects the security of your personal information. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained above. Inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access. You also have a significant role in protecting your information. No one can see or edit your personal information without knowing your username and password, so do not share these with others.
We use SSL encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card and personal information. Credit card numbers are only used for processing payment and are not used for other purposes. Our efforts to protect credit card fraud help protect your financial data security. As part of real-time payment processing, HPC subscribes to a fraud management service. This service gives both you and HPC Technical Services an extra level of protection to guard against credit card fraud.
Access to Your Personal Information
We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current. You may review and update this information at any time by logging into your account. You can:
View and edit personal information you have already given us.
Register and resume seminars, curriculum and obtain product updates.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as password and username, before granting access to your data.
Use of Cookies
Our web sites are not setup to track, collect or distribute personal information. Our site does generate certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data, such as number of hits and visits to our sites. This information is used for internal purposes only. The statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
HPC Technical Services uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the HPC’s services or websites you visit
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this site, you signify your assent to HPC Technical Services’ online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the HPC Technical Services’ sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or the dealings with this website, please contact:
HPC Technical Services
406 43rd Street West
Bradenton, FL 34209USAUSA
Contact HPC Technical Services
Professor Turbine
Learning Doc
Free Sample
Seminar Catalog
Turbine-Generator
Outage Support
Certification Programs
Steam Turbine
Gas Turbine
Boiler Operator
Mechanical Maintenance
Generator
Advanced Seminars
G706 – Advanced Generator Maintenance Seminar
Join Our Newsletter
Email: