https://und.edu/about/terms-of-use.html
Skip to main content
COVID-19 Updates
Home
About
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
The University of North Dakota (UND) encourages the use of this site and other UND
sites, regardless of domain address, as a way to share information and knowledge in
support of the University's mission. These sites are owned operated by the UND. Site
content is subject to change without notice. While most sites are publicly accessible,
certain services and information offered online may be restricted to specific users
or segments of the UND population.
Content
Consistent with University policies and regulations, UND upholds the principles of
academic freedom and shared governance, freedom of speech, and privacy in the use
of electronic resources by our faculty, students and staff.
The UND web space contains official pages in support of the core mission of the University
or related administrative business. It also contains web pages generated by groups
or individuals whose expressed views do not necessarily represent the views of UND
or the North Dakota University System. Content supplied by others that is not an official communication of UND may be subject
to review before it is publicly posted.
The University does not actively monitor or control web content. However, when the
University receives a notification of an alleged violation of law or policy, we investigate
and address violations accordingly.
Privacy
UND works in a distributed information technology environment; therefore, policies
and procedures for other websites may vary. If there are questions, visitors should
contact the specific department, unit or organization that maintains the site.
Information Collected
Personal Information
UND collects information that can be used to identify visitors as an individual (Personally
Identifiable Information or PII) only when the visitor provides this information directly
to UND, such as voluntarily submitting a form or signing up for an email list. UND
may also collect information through voluntary interaction with any of public forums,
including UND’s social media platforms.
Google Analytics
UND uses Google Analytics to gather information about the device used to access web
pages and how the visitor used the website, such as IP address, geographical location,
length of visit and pages viewed. Google offers an opt-out browser add-on to provide
visitors the ability to prevent Google Analytics from using their data.
Cookies
As visitors browse the UND website, cookies may be placed on the visitors computer
so UND can learn more about how visitors arrived at the UND website. UND may also
use cookies to prefill forms with contact information and to target advertising to
visitors when they’re on other websites. Visitors may choose not to accept cookies
from UND’s website. Specific browsers have instructions on opting out.
How UND Uses PPL
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act: Please be advised that any time a user enters
information, UND will assume that the user is 13 or older.
Confidentiality: All personal information shared with UND remains confidential. UND
does not share, sell, or rent contact information to any third party.
Communications: UND may use PII provide to communicate with visitors about academic
programs, events, and other news at UND.
Advertising: UND’s advertising partners may show UND ads on other websites based on
a visitors previous interaction with UND (remarketing). A list of UND’s advertising
partners is available upon request. Visitors can opt out of remarketing through Google’s
Ad Settings.
UND Name and Trademark
UND, the University of North Dakota, and all related trademarks (logos, logotypes
and seal) are the property of the University of North Dakota. Commercial use of any
of UND's registered trademarks requires advance approval and generally involves the
payment of royalties to UND. For more information, view UND's Brand Standards.
Other trademarks, service marks and trade names used in the UND.edu web space are
the property of their respective owners.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
UND complies with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). If
you have a concern regarding the use of copyrighted material on any site on the UND.edu
network, please report a copyright infringement to the North Dakota University System.
Endorsements
Links from a website located on a UND server to any non-University site do not imply
University endorsement of the site's products or services. References to non-UND products,
services or organizations do not imply University endorsement of such products, services
or organizations.
Accessibility
The Web pages and PDF documents on this website can be provided in alternative formats
upon request. For assistance, please call the University System Office at 701.328.2960
(voice). For TTY Communication, contact Relay North Dakota at 800.366.6888 or dial
711. Visit the Relay North Dakota website for more information.
UND offers assistive technologies and accommodations to persons with disabilities.
Last modified: August 19, 2019
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience.
By clicking any link on this page you are giving your consent for us
to set cookies, Privacy Information.
I Agree
Back to Top
©