http://usacm.acm.org/public-policy/tpc
skip to main content
Digital Library
CACM
Queue
TechNews
Career Center
Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search Input
Search Submit
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search
About ACM
About Home
About ACM
Governance
ACM Council
Boards and Committees
Past Presidents
ACM Constitution
Bylaws
Annual Reports
History
Code of Ethics
Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
ACM in the News
Media Center
Contact Us
About ACM
ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.
[Learn More about ACM...]
ACM Regional Councils
ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing
ACM Celebrates #BlackHistoryMonth
Membership
Membership Home
About Membership
Membership Options
Membership Benefits
Ambassadors for ACM
People of ACM
ACM People in the News
Join
Renew
Subscribe
Manage your Account / myACM
Distinguished Speakers
Contact Us
ACM Membership
ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center.
[Learn More about ACM Membership...]
Customer Service FAQs
Become an Ambassador for ACM
Publications
Publications Home
About Publications
Digital Library
CACM
Journals
Magazines
Books
Conference Proceedings
ICPS
SIGs Newsletters
Blue Diamond Newsletter
Applications-Oriented Content
For Authors
Master Article Templates
Open Access
Artifacts and Reproducibility
New ACM Journals
Propose New Publications
Policies
Report a Potential Violation
Publications Board
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us
About ACM Publications
For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.
[Learn More about ACM Publications...]
Publish with ACM
Select Application-Oriented Papers
Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library
SIGs
Special Interest Groups Home
About SIGs
SIG Listing
Emerging Interest Groups
SIG Awards
SIG Chapters
Publications
Conferences
Join a SIG
Volunteer Resources
SIG Leaders
Contact Us
Special Interest Groups
ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.
[Learn More about ACM's SIGs...]
Join an ACM SIG
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Conferences
Conferences Home
About Conferences
Conference Series
Upcoming Conferences
Get Conference Proceedings
Upcoming Submission Deadlines
ACM Author Rights & Permissions
Best Paper Awards
Volunteer Resources
Contact Us
ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide
Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers.
[Learn More about ACM Conferences...]
Find an ACM Conference
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Chapters
Chapters Home
About Chapters
Professional Chapters
Student Chapters
Meetups
Newsletter
Calendar of Local Activities
Distinguished Speakers
Annual Reports
Find a Chapter
Start a Chapter
Chapter Policies
Chapter Administrative Interface
Contact Us
About ACM Chapters
ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum.
[Learn More about ACM Chapters...]
Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter
Chapter Administrative Interface
Start an ACM Chapter
Awards
Awards Home
About Awards
Award Recipients
ACM Fellows
ACM Advanced Member Grades
ACM Awards Committee
Nominate
Award Sponsors
Establish a New Award
Contact Us
About ACM Awards
ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.
More on ACM Awards
Applications Now Open for Cutler-Bell Prize for High School Students
Team from Chinese/US Institutions Receives 2020 Gordon Bell Prize
First ACM Gordon Bell Special Prize for HPC-Based COVID-19 Research Awarded
Education
Education Home
About Education
Curricula Recommendations
Affiliated Organizations
ACM Learning Center
Resources for Educators
Resources for Graduating Students
Education Board and Advisory Committee
Reports and Studies
Contact Us
Education
ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career...
[Learn More about Education…]
Code Reviews – From Bottleneck to Superpower
It's Time Deep Learning Learned from Software Engineering
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Learning Center
Learning Center Home
About the Learning Center
E-Learning
Member Offers
TechTalks
ByteCast
Resources
FAQs
Practitioner Board
Professional Development Committee
About ACM Learning Center
The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 55,000 online books and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training.
ACM ByteCast Episode 6: Robin Murphy
ACM ByteCast Episode 7: Swetak Patel
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Public Policy
Public Policy Home
About ACM's Public Policy Work
Tech Policy Council
Europe Tech Policy
US Tech Policy
Policy Products
Media Releases
Contact Us
Public Policy
ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.
[Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...]
ACM Europe TPC Comments on UK National Data Strategy
USTPC Urges Narrower Definition of Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
Diversity & Inclusion
Diversity & Inclusion Home
About Diversity & Inclusion
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
Forming Diverse Teams
Words Matter
ACM Code of Ethics
ACM-W
ACM Future of Computing Academy
Contact Us
Diversity & Inclusion
Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated.
[Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion...]
Words Matter
How Diverse Is Your Team?
ACM Diversity and Inclusion Council Co-chairs
Public Policy Home
About ACM's Public Policy Work
Tech Policy Council
Europe Tech Policy
US Tech Policy
Policy Products
Media Releases
Contact Us
Public Policy
Global Policy and Public Affairs
ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.
Public Policy
USTPC
ACM US Technology Policy Committee
ACM’s US Technology Policy Committee (USTPC) serves as the focal point for ACM's interaction with all branches of the US government, the computing community, and the public on policy matters related to information technology. The Committee regularly educates and informs Congress, the Administration, and the courts about significant developments in the computing field and how those developments affect public policy in the United States. Chaired by James Hendler of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, USTPC's substantive work, which is entirely non-partisan and apolitical, is done largely through standing Subcommittees of dedicated volunteers and in coalition with other organizations.
The USTPC carries out its mission by responding to requests for authoritative technical expertise and guidance, publishing and distributing its materials, presenting findings at policy briefings, participating in public meetings, and engaging with a range of stakeholders. The Committee also advances public policy through educational programs and collaborations with other ACM policy entities, special interest groups, task forces, and committees.
Key Issues and Resources
ACM’s US Technology Policy Committee regularly produces data-driven, apolitical statements, reports and other materials on a wide range of computing-related policy issues. Current current key issues and resources include:
Digital Privacy
AI & Algorithms
Election Security
Internet of Things
Deep Fakes
Cybersecurity
Ethics
Accessibility
Intellectual Property
Coalitions, Consortia & Collaborators
ACM and its US Technology Policy Committee frequently benefit from and contribute to the work of both formal and informal alliances with other technology policy-oriented organizations. Such collaborations may take the form of joint reports, policy statements and principles, letters directed to policymakers, and legal briefs. (Please see USTPC's procedures for authoring and joining briefs amicus curiae.) These organizations include:
American Association for the Advancement of Science
American Medical Informatics Association
Brennan Center for Justice
Center for Democracy and Technology
Code.org Advocacy Coalition
Common Cause
Computing Community Consortium
Computing Research Association
Electronic Privacy Information Center
Free Speech for People
Future of Privacy Forum
National Election Defense Coalition
Partnership on AI
Privacy Coalition
R Street Institute
Verified Voting
USTPC Urges Narrower Definition of Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
ACM's US Technology Policy Committee filed a friend of the court brief with the US Supreme Court in the landmark case of Van Buren v. United States—the first time it has reviewed the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, a 1986 law that was originally intended to punish hacking. USTPC notes that the questions posed in this case have broad implications for data and computing scientists, as well as other professionals who use the internet and computing technology, particularly to access information posted online.
USTPC Issues Statement on Use of Facial Recognition Technologies
ACM's US Technology Policy Committee has called for “an immediate suspension of the current and future private and governmental use of facial recognition (FR) technologies in all circumstances known or reasonably foreseeable to be prejudicial to established human and legal rights” in its “Statement on Principles and Prerequisites for the Development, Evaluation and Use of Unbiased Facial Recognition Technologies.”
USTPC Issues Statement on Privacy and Security for Virtual Meetings
ACM's US Technology Policy Committee (USTPC) has released a Statement on Security and Privacy Principles for Virtual Meetings in light of changes necessitated by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Statement urges urges virtual conferencing platform designers, hosts, and users to adopt eight key security and privacy principles that are intended to greatly heighten the privacy and security not only of conference participants, but also of any transmitted or stored data.
USTPC Joins Call on Election Officials to Avoid Internet Voting
ACM’s US Technology Policy Committee (USTPC) joined many of the nation’s leading experts in cybersecurity, computing, and science in calling on all governors and state election directors to refrain from using any form of internet voting or voting app system in the 2020 elections. The joint open letter includes a detailed analysis prepared by the AAAS Center for Scientific Evidence in Public Issues which clearly demonstrates that internet voting is not a secure solution for voting in the US.
U.S. Technology Policy Committee Leadership
Chair
James Hendler
Vice Chair
Alec Yasinsac
Immediate Past Chair
Stuart Shapiro
Former Chairs
Charles Brownstein
Edward
Felten
Barbara
Simons
Eugene
Spafford
Accessibility Subcommittee Chair
Harry Hochheiser
AI & Algorithms Subcommittee Co-Chairs
Jeanna Matthews
Jonathan
Smith
Digital Governance Subcommittee Chair
Daniel Weitzner
Intellectual Property Subcommittee Chair
Paul Hyland
Law Subcommittee Chair
Andrew Grosso
Privacy Subcommittee Chair
Brian Dean
Security Subcommittee Chair
Patrick Traynor
Voting Subcommittee Co-Chairs
Jeremy Epstein
Barbara
Simons
Members-at-Large
Cory Doctorow
Simson
Garfinkel
Meg
Jones
Europe Technology Policy Committee Chair, ex officio
Chris Hankin
ACM CEO, ex officio
Vicki Hanson
ACM COO, ex officio
Pat Ryan
ACM Director of Global Public Policy, ex officio
Adam Eisgrau
About USTPC
Key Issues
Policy Products
Archives
Subcommittees
History
Join USTPC
US Technology Policy Committee Chair, Jim Hendler
Chaired by James Hendler of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, the ACM US Technology Policy Committee serves as the focal point for ACM's interaction with US government organizations, the computing community, and the US public in all matters of US public policy related to information technology. The Committee addresses issues in innovation, privacy, security, digital governance, intellectual property, accessibility, and e-voting.
Simons Named Chair of US Election Assistance Commission Committee on Election Security
Former ACM President Barbara Simons, who was also a founder of ACM's US Technology Policy Committee, has been appointed Chair of a special committee on election security with the US Election Assistance Commission (EAC). "I am very excited about the opportunity created by the appointment of a new committee of the EAC Board of Advisors on election security," Simons said.
USTPC Comments on FDA Paper on Software-Based Devices
USTPC submitted comments to the Food and Drug Administration on its discussion paper, “Proposed FDA Regulatory Framework for Modifications to Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Based Software.” The proceeding was opened to seek guidance on how current testing and ongoing evaluation protocols for software as a medical device (SaMD) should be modified.