http://uwmn.defra.gov.uk/privacy.php
Skip navigation to content
Contact us
Jobs
News
Site A-Z
Search
Home
About Defra
The Environment
Food and Farming
Rural and Countryside
Wildlife and Pets
You are here:
Home
The Environment
Environmental quality and pollution
Air and Atmosphere
Air Quality
Science and research
UK Upland Waters Monitoring Network
Science and research
UK Upland Waters Monitoring Network
About the network
News
Site Details
Resources
Methods
Sponsors
Contact
Follow us on Twitter
Follow @UKUplandWaters
UK UWMN Privacy and Cookies
If you are a user with general public and anonymous access the Defra website does not store or capture personal information,
but merely logs the user´s IP address that is automatically recognised by the web server.
This privacy statement only covers the UK Upland Waters Monitoring Network subdomain of the Defra website at http://uwmn.defra.gov.uk. This statement does not cover the main Defra website http://www.defra.gov.uk — nor to links within this site to other websites.
Cookies
When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally.
These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through, for example:
enabling a service to recognise your device so you don´t have to give the same information several times during one task
recognising that you may already have given a username and password so you don´t need to do it for every web page requested
measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and there´s enough capacity to ensure they are fast
You can manage these small files yourself and learn more about them through Internet browser cookies — what they are and how to manage them (on Directgov).
Our use of cookies
When you accessed our website, Google Analytics set cookies to help us accurately estimate the number of visitors to the website and volumes of usage. Google Analytics sets the following cookies:
Name: _utma
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: 2 years
Name: _utmb
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: 30 minutes
Name: _utmc
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: when user exits browser
Name: _utmv
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: 2 years
Name: _utmz
Typical content: randomly generated number + info on how the site was reached (e.g. directly or via a link, organic search or paid search)
Expires: 6 months
For further details on the cookies set by Google Analytics, please refer to the Google Code website
When you access our sites page containing a Google map, Google sets a cookie that stores a unique ID number to track usage of and enable their Google Maps functionality. Google sets the following cookie:
Name: N_T
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: 1 year
View the Google privacy policy here
Page last modified: Page published: 05 April 2012
You may also be interested in...
The Environmental Change Research Centre, UCL
The Centre for Ecology & Hydrology
Marine Scotland
School of Biological & Chemical Sciences, Queen Mary University of London
© Crown copyright
Access to information
Accessibility
Privacy & cookies
Terms & conditions
Help
Defra Helpline
Mon-Fri: 8am to 6pm
08459 33 55 77