https://vacgen.com/privacy-cookie-policy/
Name
Email
Phone Notes
Menu
Account
Home
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Vacgen Ltd Privacy & Cookie Policy
Vacgen Ltd (‘the company’) collects and processes information as stipulated within this privacy policy and in accordance with the relevant data protection laws and regulations.
Data collected by Vacgen Ltd
Name, delivery address and contact details
IP address
How do we collect information
Information submitted in placing of orders or submission of enquiries
Online forms
Campaign or newsletter signups
What Vacgen does with information collected
We require this information to provide you with a better service and to ensure fulfilment of contractual obligations entered into between both parties
Collection of information to ensure adherence with legal requirements associated with both accounting and tax compliance
To be used in connection with promotional campaigns where emails would be sent to addresses supplied by you to inform of products and offers which might be of interest
Internal record keeping
We will not share or disclose any information you provide with any third party. All information is processed and used in the manner intended as described in this notice.
Your rights and associated security
Vacgen Ltd is committed to ensuring any data provided by you is secure and maintained in compliance with relevant data protection regulations and laws.
The company has implemented appropriate safeguards to avoid any instances of unauthorised access.
You have the following rights in respect of any data we collect
The right to access data collected. You may request copies of data collected by Vacgen, though the company reserves the right to charge a small fee in connection with providing this information.
The right to rectification. You reserve the right to request the company amend information held that you deem to be incorrect or incomplete.
The right to erasure. You have the right to request the company erase information held about you, subject to certain conditions being met.
The right to object or restrict to processing. You have the right to object or request the company restrict processing of data, subject to certain conditions being met.
The right to data portability. You have the right to request the company transfer data collected to another organisation, or directly to you, subject to certain conditions being met.
Vacgen Ltd has one month to respond to a request made by you.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information. When you visit our website, the company may automatically collect information using cookies. This allows the company to better tailor your user experience to recognise you as a returning customers, thereby accommodating previously selected preferences including language and location preferences.
Email
Password
Sign In
Forgot Your Password?
New customer? Start Here.
Compare
My Orders
Contact Us