https://vanessen.com/general-terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
General Terms and Conditions of Sale
Home / General Terms and Conditions of Sale
General Terms and Conditions of Sale and Delivery Van Essen Instruments B.V.
Article 1 Sales Agreements
1.1       The sale of products and services by Van Essen Instruments B.V. (“Van Essen”) is governed by these terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”). Van Essen’s offer to sell products and services to the buyer (“Buyer”) is expressly limited by Buyer’s acceptance of these Terms and Conditions, as evidenced by Buyer’s issuance of an order for product(s) and/or services, or Buyer’s acceptance of any product and/or services under an order, or Buyer’s payment for any product and/or services under an order. These Terms and Conditions apply to the exclusion of any other terms that Buyer seeks to impose or incorporate or which are implied by trade, custom, practice or course of dealing. Terms, if any, included on any order, acknowledgment forms or other documents issued by or on behalf of Buyer shall not apply and are hereby voided, except to the extent that any such terms are expressly agreed to in writing by Van Essen.  These Terms and Conditions shall apply to all sales of products and services by Van Essen and may only be modified or amended in a writing executed by an authorized officer of Van Essen.
1.2       These Terms and Conditions are subject to change without prior written notice at any time at Van Essen’s sole discretion, provided that any such changes shall not apply to any pre-existing orders.
1.3       Any offer by Van Essen to sell products and supply services must be in writing to be valid, and such offer shall be valid for thirty (30) days from its date of issuance, unless otherwise set forth in such offer. Such offer shall be deemed accepted only upon Van Essen’s receipt of Buyer’s written acceptance of such offer, provided that such acceptance is in accordance with Van Essen’s offer and these Terms and Conditions, unless otherwise accepted by Van Essen in writing.
1.4       No order for product(s) and/or services shall be binding on Van Essen unless and until it has been accepted in writing by Van Essen.
1.5       Van Essen shall not be liable for any errors or miscalculations in Buyer’s orders.
1.6       Buyer may not cancel any order without Van Essen’s prior written approval, such approval at Van Essen’s sole discretion. In the event Van Essen expressly agrees in writing to permit Buyer to cancel an order, Buyer will compensate Van Essen for all costs, losses and other form of damages attributable to the cancellation. Subject to the warranty set forth in Section 8, products purchased under these Terms and Conditions are not returnable or refundable. Products (from the catalogue) that are standard, undamaged and unused by Buyer may only be returned for credit provided that: (i) Van Essen authorises such a return in writing; and (ii) such products are returned in their original condition within three (3) months of the original delivery date with freight on such products prepaid. Van Essen reserves the right to inspect the returned products at its premises, prior to accepting the return. A restocking charge of twenty-five percent (25%) of the list price of the returned products shall apply to any such return. Non-standard or customized products cannot be returned.
Article 2 Price and Payment
2.1       The fees to be paid by Buyer to Van Essen for the products and/or services to be supplied under an order shall be as set forth in such order. Unless otherwise agreed, all prices for products exclude (and Buyer shall be solely responsible for) air freight packaging, costs of loading, shipping, delivery, insurance, installation and commissioning. Prices do not include any fees, taxes or duties relating to the shipment and delivery of any of the products, including without limitations value-added tax (VAT), duty, import and export tariffs and other forms of taxes and excise duties in the Netherlands and/or the recipient country.
2.2       If the currency fixed in an order is devalued, such that the rate of exchange between the currency chosen and Pounds Sterling varies by more than two percent (2%) as from the date of Van Essen’s offer, Van Essen may, at its sole discretion, suspend all performance under the order and notify Buyer of any price adjustment resulting from the devaluation. Buyer must then notify Van Essen in writing within eight (8) days of the date of Van Essen’s notification whether Buyer wishes to purchase the products and services at the adjusted price. If Buyer fails to notify Van Essen during such eight (8) day period, then Buyer’s order will be automatically cancelled. Van Essen shall not be liable for any costs, losses or any other form of damages of Buyer attributable to such cancellation.
2.3       Unless the parties have agreed otherwise, payment of the price for the products and/or services to be supplied pursuant to an order shall be effected on the due date indicated on the invoice or in absence of such date specified, 30 days of the date of Van Essen’s invoice.
2.4       Buyer waives its set-off right, suspension right (opschortingsrecht) and retention right (retentierecht) in its relationship with Van Essen based on purchase of goods and/or services to which these Terms & Conditions apply. Buyer agrees that it does not rely on and shall not have the right to (and, to the extent necessary, hereby waives such right) invoke any warranties that are in any way contained in or implied by the laws of the Netherlands or any other jurisdiction, including but not limited to sections 7:17 and 7:20 – 7:23 of the Dutch Civil Code.
2.5       If Buyer fails to effect payment within the agreed period, it shall be deemed to be in default by operation of law and Buyer shall have the right, without any notice of default being required, to charge Buyer interest of 4% per annum above Barclay’s base rate from time to time in force in the United Kingdom accruing from the date the payment was due until such payment thereof in full together with such interest as well as all judicial and extrajudicial costs relating to the collection of the amount owed.
Article 3 Delivery
3.1       All deliveries of Van Essen Products shall be made ExWorks Van Essen’s facilities.  The estimated date of delivery of products shall be stated in Van Essen’s initial offer to sell products to Buyer and Van Essen will use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver the products within the estimated time to the extent possible. Delivery dates are estimates only and the time of delivery is not of the essence.
Van Essen does not guarantee delivery of products on or by any estimated delivery date. In no event shall Van Essen be liable to Buyer for any costs, fees, penalties or price reductions as a result of any failure to deliver products in accordance with any estimated delivery dates.
3.2       Partial deliveries by Van Essen are permitted unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the parties.
Article 4 Transfer of Title
4.1       Title to products shall pass to Buyer as soon as the products have been placed with a transport agent.
Article 5 Drawings, Descriptive Documents, etc.
5.1       Van Essen reserves the right to alter measurements and dimensions as well as the design and description of any products. All data included in catalogues, prospects, circulars, advertisements, illustrated matter and price lists are approximate and shall not be binding unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the parties. Drawings, descriptive documents, parts lists and other documentation (collectively, “Documentation”) provided or made available to Buyer by Van Essen are confidential information of Van Essen and may be used by Buyer only in connection with the use of the products. Buyer may not copy Documentation or disclose Documentation to any third-party.
Article 6 Use of Van Essen’s Products
6.1       Buyer acknowledges and agrees that the products must be used in accordance with all instruction provided by Van Essen and, where stated, products must be operated only by personnel who have received the appropriate training. Any Van Essen products that are to be connected to an electricity supply must be operated only by appropriately trained and qualified personnel, and must not be made available to any personnel without the proper training and qualifications.
Article 7 Rights and Software
7.1       Buyer shall not copy Van Essen’s software or any related documentation, other than as is necessary for back-up copies. Buyer shall not assign or license any rights in the software to any third party. Van Essen grants to Buyer a limited, non-exclusive license to use the software provided with the products solely for the purpose of operating the products in accordance with Van Essen’s written documentation.
7.2       Notwithstanding that title to the products may pass to Buyer, Van Essen shall remain the exclusive owner of all intellectual property rights of whatever nature including,without limitation, copyrights, patents and patentable inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks and design rights (whether registered, registrable or otherwise) embodied in or otherwise relating to the products (including any software contained therein). Other than as permitted by applicable law, Buyer shall not reverse engineer the products or any part thereof. Buyer shall not remove any proprietary notices and/or branding contained in or otherwise affixed to the products.
Article 8 Warranty and Exclusive Recourse
8.1       Unless otherwise agreed in writing, for a period of twelve (12) months following the date of delivery, and subject to the other provisions of this Section 8, Van Essen warrants that all new products that are both (a) manufactured by Van Essen and (b) purchased directly from Van Essen (or an authorized distributor of Van Essen) shall be free of material defects in materials and workmanship. Buyer’s sole and exclusive remedy, and Van Essen’s sole and exclusive obligation, in the event of any failure of products to comply with this warranty shall be for Van Essen to, at its option, repair or replace such products free of charge. Hence, in such event Buyer is for example not entitled to claim damages or rescind (ontbinden) the underlying agreement. In no event shall Van Essen be liable for ordinary wear and tear.
8.2       Van Essen does not provide any warranty for third party parts, components or products that are not manufactured by Van Essen. Such parts, components or products may be warranted by third parties on a “pass through” basis.
8.3       Van Essen does not warrant the accuracy, correctness or completeness of data which Buyer obtains on the basis of or in relation to the products and/or services delivered. Buyer shall interpret and/or use such data entirely at its own responsibility and shall indemnify Van Essen against claims, losses or obligations arising in connection with the interpretation and/or use of the data.
8.4       The foregoing remedies shall not apply to any product failure, defect or non-conformance caused in whole or in part by (i) Buyer’s failure to operate, maintain or service the products in accordance with Van Essen’s Documentation or (if there is none) good trade practice regarding the same, (ii) any alteration, modification or repair made to the products other than by Van Essen, (iii) use of the products for a purpose other than that for which they are intended, (iv) Van Essen following any drawing, design or specification supplied by Buyer, or using any materials and items supplied by or on behalf of Buyer; (v) fair wear and tear, wilful damage, negligence, or abnormal storage or working conditions, (vi) the products differ from their description as a result of changes made to ensure they comply with applicable statutory or regulatory requirements; or (vii) circumstances not attributable to Van Essen (such as condition of the soil or well). Van Essen shall not be liable for products’ failure to comply with the warranty set out in this Section 8 if Buyer makes any further use of such products after giving notice in accordance with this Section 8.
8.5       In order to get the benefit of the foregoing warranty, Buyer must immediately inspect the products upon receipt and notify Van Essen in writing immediately after discovering any defect or shortcoming. Buyer shall not ship products back to Van Essen for any reason without Van Essen’s prior written consent, evidenced by a valid return material authorization (“RMA”). No returns will be permitted without a valid RMA. Any products returned to Van Essen must be received by Van Essen within 10 days of Buyer’s receipt of an RMA. Notwithstanding the issuance of an RMA, Van Essen reserves the right to inspect the products at its facility and to refuse, at its sole discretion, to accept the return of any item if Van Essen determines that the products’ warranty is not applicable for the reasons set forth above. Any defective products or parts forwarded by Buyer to Van Essen for repair or replacement, shall be carriage paid and at Buyer’s risk. Buyer must clearly indicate the nature of the defect or shortcoming. If Van Essen replaces parts/products in fulfilment of its warranty obligations, the replaced parts/products shall become the property of Van Essen.
8.6       The remedy obligations of this Section 8 shall apply to any replacement products or parts only for the same duration of time as for the replaced products or parts.
8.7       THE FOREGOING EXPRESS WARRANTIES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE TERMS AVAILABLE TO BUYER AND EXTEND ONLY TO THE ORIGINAL CUSTOMER OF VAN ESSEN OR VAN ESSEN’S AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTOR, AS THE CASE MAY BE. THE CORRECTION OF ANY DEFECT IN OR FAILURE OF PRODUCTS BY REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT IN ACCORDANCE WITH VAN ESSEN’S POLICIES AS DESCRIBED HEREIN SHALL BE VAN ESSEN’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE OBLIGATION AND THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF BUYER FOR ANY AND ALL LOSSES, DELAYS OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE PURCHASE OR USE OF VAN ESSEN’S PRODUCTS. HENCE, IN SUCH EVENT BUYER IS FOR EXAMPLE NOT ENTITLED TO CLAIM DAMAGES OR RESCIND (ONTBINDEN) THE UNDERLYING AGREEMENT. OTHER THAN THE LIMITED WARRANTY SPECIFICALLY STATED HEREIN, VAN ESSEN, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO VAN ESSEN’S PRODUCTS, INCLUDING THE PERFORMANCE THEREOF AND ANY SERVICES PROVIDED TO BUYER, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE.
Article 9 Limitation of Liability
9.1       To the extent permitted by law, Van Essen shall not be liable under any contract, tort, strict liability, negligence or other legal or equitable claim or theory for any special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages or for loss of goodwill or business profits, lost revenue, work stoppage (production or business interruptions or standstills), computer failure or malfunction, or for any and all other form of damages arising hereunder or from the use of products, including, without limitation, any such loss or damage relating to personal injury or property damage, even if Van Essen has been advised or was aware of the possibility of such loss or damages. In no event shall Van Essen’s total aggregate liability for any and all damages, losses or liabilities arising hereunder or from the supply of products and/or services exceed the amounts actually received by Van Essen from Buyer with respect to such products and/or services giving rise to the liability. Buyer shall indemnify Van Essen for any liability arising from Buyer’s (including its employees’ and agents’) and any subsequent owner’s use of the products sold (directly or indirectly) by Van Essen.
Article 10 Confidentiality
10.1    Confidential Information means any and all information disclosed by Van Essen to Buyer or its representatives (“Receiving Party”),including information relating to the matters which are the subject of these Terms and Conditions, the existence and nature of these Terms and Conditions, and all other information regarding Van Essen’s past, present or future research, technology, know-how, ideas, concepts, designs, products, markets, computer programs, prototypes, processes, machines, manufacture, compositions of matter, business plans and operations, technical information, drawings, specifications, and the like, except information which is: (a) at the time of disclosure, or thereafter becomes, a part of the public domain through no act or omission by Receiving Party or its representatives; (b) lawfully in the possession of Receiving Party prior to disclosure by or on behalf of Van Essen as shown by Receiving Party’s written records; (c) lawfully disclosed to Receiving Party by a third party which did not acquire the same under an obligation of confidentiality from or through Van Essen as shown by written records; or (d) independently developed by Receiving Party without use of Van Essen’s Confidential Information as shown by Receiving Party’s written records.
10.2    Receiving Party shall not, without the prior consent of Van Essen, disclose any of the Confidential Information to anyone for any reason at any time or use any of the Confidential Information for any purpose except as requested by Van Essen. If Receiving Party believes in good faith that it is required by the law of any relevant jurisdiction or pursuant to an order of a court of competent jurisdiction or that of a competent regulatory authority to disclose any of the Confidential Information, it shall provide notice to Van Essen prior to making such disclosure so as to allow Van Essen time to undertake legal or other action to prevent such disclosure or otherwise obtain confidential treatment of such disclosure. In no event will Receiving Party disclose any of the Confidential Information that Receiving Party is not compelled to disclose by law, and Receiving Party will exercise reasonable efforts to obtain assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to any of the Confidential Information so disclosed.
10.3    Receiving Party shall limit dissemination of the Confidential Information to only those of Receiving Party having a “need to know”, and advise each such person who receives the Confidential Information that such information is confidential and require each such person (other than attorneys and other agents who are already under a professional duty of confidentiality) to sign and comply with a written agreement obligating it/he/she to observe all of Receiving Party’s obligations hereunder relating to confidentiality, non-disclosure and restrictions on use.
Article 11 Force Majeure
11.1    Van Essen shall not be liable for failure to perform or for delay in performance due to fire, flood, strike, or other labor difficulty, act of God, act of any governmental authority, riot, embargo, fuel or energy shortage, wrecks or delays in transportation, inability to obtain necessary labor, materials, or manufacturing facilities from usual sources, or due to any cause beyond Van Essen’s reasonable control. In the event of a delay in performance due to any such cause, the estimated date of delivery or time for completion of performance will be extended by a period of time reasonably necessary to overcome the effect of such delay. If Van Essen reasonably determines that any such delay in performance is likely to extend for a period of ninety (90) days or more, Van Essen shall have the right to cancel the applicable order upon notice to Buyer with no liability or further obligation to Buyer with respect to such order.
Article 12 Assignment & Subcontracting
12.1    Van Essen may at any time assign, transfer, charge, subcontract or deal in any other manner with all or any of its rights or obligations under these Terms and Conditions. Buyer may not assign, transfer, charge, subcontract or deal in any other manner with all or any of its rights or obligations under these Terms and Conditions without the prior written consent of Van Essen.
Article 13 Severance
13.1    If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of these Terms and Conditions (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision shall, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of these Terms and Conditions shall not be affected.
Article 14 Waiver
14.1    A waiver of any right or remedy under these Terms and Conditions is only effective if given in writing and shall not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default. No failure or delay by a party to exercise any right or remedy provided under these Terms and Conditions or by law shall constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor shall it preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. No single or partial exercise of such right or remedy shall preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.
Article 15 Applicable Law
15.1    These Terms and Conditions and any dispute or claim arising hereunder shall be governed by Dutch law, to the exclusion of the applicability of the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (Vienna Sales Convention), and the parties irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of competent the competent Dutch district court (rechtbank), court of appeal (gerechtshof) in the case of appeal and the Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) in the case of cassation.
Article 16 Overriding Version
16.1    If there is a discrepancy between (an) English term(s) and (a) Dutch term(s) used to clarify the same or in case of any other discrepancies between the English and Dutch text version of these Terms & Conditions, the English version shall prevail.
Algemene Voorwaarden Van Verkoop en Levering Van Essen Instruments B.V.
Artikel 1 Verkoopovereenkomsten
1.1       De verkoop van producten en diensten door Van Essen Instruments B.V. (“Van Essen”) wordt beheerst door deze algemene voorwaarden (“Algemene Voorwaarden”). Van Essens aanbod om producten en diensten aan de koper (“Koper”) te verkopen en te leveren is slechts geldig indien deze Algemene Voorwaarden door Koper zijn aanvaard. De aanvaarding van deze Algemene Voorwaarden blijkt onder andere uit de plaatsing van een bestelling door Koper voor (een) product(en) en/of dienst(en), of de aanvaarding van Koper van een product en/of dienst op grond van een bestelling, of de betaling door Koper voor een product en/of dienst op basis van een bestelling. Deze Algemene Voorwaarden zijn exclusief van toepassing met uitsluiting van andere voorwaarden die Koper wil opleggen of opnemen of die door handel, gewoonte, praktijk of behandeling van toepassing zouden kunnen zijn. Eventuele voorwaarden, opgenomen in een bestelling, bevestigingsformulieren of andere documenten uitgegeven door of namens Koper zijn niet van toepassing, tenzij Van Essen schriftelijk uitdrukkelijk akkoord is gegaan met dergelijke voorwaarden. Deze Algemene Voorwaarden zijn van toepassing op alle verkopen van producten en diensten door Van Essen en kunnen slechts schriftelijk worden gewijzigd of aangepast door een bevoegde functionaris van Van Essen.
1.2       Deze Algemene Voorwaarden kunnen op elk moment, zonder voorafgaande schriftelijke kennisgeving en volledig naar eigen inzicht door Van Essen gewijzigd worden, op voorwaarde dat dergelijke veranderingen niet van toepassing zijn op reeds bestaande bestellingen.
1.3       Ieder aanbod door Van Essen om producten en diensten te verkopen zal schriftelijk worden gedaan. Een dergelijk aanbod is dertig (30) dagen geldig vanaf de dag waarop het aanbod is gedaan, tenzij anders vermeld op het aanbod. Er komt slechts een overeenkomst tot stand na ontvangst door Van Essen van de schriftelijke aanvaarding van haar aanbod door Koper, op voorwaarde dat een dergelijke aanvaarding in overeenstemming is met het aanbod en deze Algemene Voorwaarden, tenzij een afwijking van het voorgaande schriftelijk is aanvaard door Van Essen.
1.4       Geen bestelling van (een) product(en) en/of dienst(en) is bindend voor Van Essen, tenzij de bestelling schriftelijk is aanvaard door Van Essen.
1.5       Van Essen is niet aansprakelijk voor fouten of mis(be)rekeningen in de bestellingen van Koper.
1.6       Het is Koper niet toegestaan om een bestelling zonder voorafgaande schriftelijke goedkeuring van Van Essen te annuleren. Van Essen kan volledig naar eigen inzicht bepalen of zij een dergelijke goedkeuring zal geven. In het geval dat Van Essen uitdrukkelijk schriftelijk akkoord gaat met de annulering van een bestelling door Koper, zal Koper aan Van Essen alle kosten, verliezen en andere vormen van schade gerelateerd aan de annulering compenseren. Behoudens de garantie die in paragraaf 8 wordt uiteengezet, zijn de producten uit hoofde van deze Algemene Voorwaarden niet retourneerbaar of restitueerbaar. Reguliere producten (uit de catalogus) die onbeschadigd en ongebruikt zijn kunnen slechts omgeruild worden op voorwaarde dat: (i) Van Essen schriftelijk een dergelijke omruiling goedkeurt; en (ii) dergelijke producten worden geretourneerd in hun originele staat binnen drie (3) maanden na de originele leveringsdatum en (4) de vracht- en transportkosten vooraf zijn voldaan door Koper. Van Essen behoudt zich het recht voor de geretourneerde producten op eigen terrein te inspecteren voorafgaand aan het aanvaarden van de retourzending. De kosten voor de herbevoorrading bedragen vijfentwintig procent (25%) van de cataloguswaarde van de geretourneerde producten en zijn altijd van toepassing op retourzendingen. Niet-reguliere of aangepaste producten kunnen niet worden geretourneerd.
Artikel 2 Prijs en Betaling
2.1       De prijzen die door Koper aan Van Essen moeten worden betaald voor producten en/of diensten bedragen zoveel als uiteengezet in de bestelling. Tenzij anders overeengekomen, zijn alle prijzen voor producten exclusief luchtvrachtverpakking, kosten voor het laden, verschepen, leveren, de verzekering, installatie en oplevering. De hiervoor genoemde kosten komen uitsluitend voor rekening van Koper. De prijzen omvatten geen kosten, belastingen of heffingen gerelateerd aan de verzending en levering van de producten, inclusief en zonder enige beperking: de belasting op  toegevoegde waarde (btw), heffingen, het tarief van de invoer- en de uitvoerrechten en andere vormen van belastingen en accijnzen in Nederland en/of het ontvangende land.
2.2       Als de valuta vastgesteld in een bestelling wordt gedevalueerd, dusdanig dat de wisselkoers tussen de gekozen valuta en Pond Sterling meer dan twee procent (2%) varieert vanaf de datum van het aanbod door Van Essen, kan Van Essen, volledig naar eigen inzicht, alle prestaties uit hoofde van de bestelling opschorten en Koper op de hoogte brengen van de prijsaanpassing als gevolg van de devaluatie. Koper dient Van Essen binnen acht (8) dagen na de datum van de kennisgeving van Van Essen schriftelijk te informeren of Koper de producten en diensten wenst te kopen voor de aangepaste prijs. Als Koper er niet in slaagt om Van Essen in die periode van acht (8) dagen in kennis te stellen van zijn besluit, zal de bestelling van Koper automatisch worden geannuleerd. Van Essen is niet aansprakelijk voor enige kosten, verliezen of andere vormen van schade van Koper welke toe te schrijven zijn aan een dergelijke annulering.
2.3       Tenzij de partijen anders zijn overeengekomen, vindt de betaling van de prijs voor de producten en/of diensten plaats op de vervaldatum vermeld op de factuur, of bij het ontbreken van een dergelijke gespecificeerde datum, binnen dertig (30) dagen na de factuurdatum van Van Essen.
2.4       Koper doet afstand van zijn recht op verrekening, opschorting en het retentierecht in zijn rechtsverhouding met Van Essen die voortvloeit uit de koop van producten en/of diensten waarop deze Algemene Voorwaarden van toepassing zijn. Koper stemt ermee in dat hij geen beroep zal doen op en dat hij niet gerechtigd is om (en doet, voor zover nodig, hierbij afstand van) het recht om garanties in te roepen die op enigerlei wijze opgenomen of verondersteld zijn in het Nederlandse recht of het recht van enig andere jurisdictie, inclusief maar niet beperkt tot de artikelen 7:17 en 7:20 – 7:23 van het Nederlands Burgerlijk Wetboek.
2.5       Indien Koper er niet in slaagt om zijn betalingsverplichting na te komen binnen het overeengekomen tijdsbestek, wordt hij van rechtswege geacht in verzuim te zijn en heeft Van Essen het recht om, zonder dat een ingebrekestelling nodig is, Koper een rente in rekening te brengen van 4% per jaar plus het basisrentetarief dat Barclays hanteert in het Verenigd Koninkrijk, vanaf de datum waarop de betaling verschuldigd was tot het moment dat de gehele betaling is voldaan, alsook alle gerechtelijke en buitengerechtelijke kosten met betrekking tot de inning van het verschuldigde bedrag.
Artikel 3 Levering
3.1       Alle leveringen zullen “Af Fabriek” (“ExWorks”) geschieden op het terrein van Van Essen worden. De verwachte datum van levering van producten wordt vermeld in het initiële aanbod van Van Essen. Van Essen zal zich inspannen om de producten zoveel mogelijk binnen de verwachte tijd te leveren. De leveringsdata zijn slechts schattingen.
Van Essen garandeert niet dat producten worden geleverd op of voor een verwachte leveringsdatum. Van Essen is in geen geval aansprakelijk tegenover Koper voor enige vorm van schade, kosten, vergoedingen, boetes of prijsverminderingen als gevolg van het niet leveren van producten in overeenstemming met de verwachte leveringsdata.
3.2       Gedeeltelijke leveringen door Van Essen zijn toegestaan, tenzij schriftelijk anders is overeengekomen door partijen.
Artikel 4 Eigendomsoverdracht
4.1       Het eigendom van de producten gaat over op Koper zodra een order is gegeven aan een transporteur om de producten op te halen.
Artikel 5 Tekeningen, Beschrijvende Documenten, etc.
5.1       Van Essen behoudt zich het recht voor de afmetingen en dimensies, evenals het ontwerp en de beschrijving van de producten te wijzigen. Alle gegevens opgenomen in catalogi, prospectussen, circulaires, reclames, geïllustreerd materiaal en prijslijsten zijn benaderend en niet bindend tenzij anders schriftelijk overeengekomen door de partijen. Tekeningen, beschrijvende documenten, stuklijsten en andere documentatie (gezamenlijk, “Documentatie”) die door Van Essen aan Koper worden verstrekt of ter  beschikking worden gesteld zijn vertrouwelijke informatie van Van Essen en mogen alleen in verband met het gebruik van de producten worden gebruikt. Koper mag de Documentatie niet kopiëren of openbaar maken aan een derde partij.
Artikel 6 Gebruik van de Producten van Van Essen
6.1       Koper erkent en gaat ermee akkoord dat de producten moeten worden gebruikt overeenkomstig alle instructies verstrekt door Van Essen, en, indien aangegeven, mogen producten alleen worden gebruikt door personeel dat de juiste training heeft gevolgd. Alle Van Essen producten die aangesloten moeten worden op een elektriciteitstoevoer mogen alleen worden gebruikt door naar behoren opgeleid en gekwalificeerd personeel en mogen niet ter beschikking worden gesteld aan enig personeel zonder de juiste training en kwalificaties.
Artikel 7 Rechten en Software
7.1       Het is Koper niet toegestaan om software of enige verwante documentatie van Van Essen te kopiëren, behalve wat nodig is voor reservekopieën. Koper zal geen rechten overdragen en geen licenties of andere rechten verlenen met betrekking tot de software. Van Essen verleent aan Koper een beperkte, niet-exclusieve licentie om de software die verstrekt wordt bij de producten, uitsluitend aan te wenden om de producten te gebruiken in overeenkomstig met de schriftelijke documentatie van Van Essen.
7.2       Ondanks dat het eigendom van de producten over kan gaan op Koper, blijft Van Essen de exclusieve eigenaar van alle intellectuele eigendomsrechten van welke aard dan ook, inclusief en zonder enige beperking: auteursrechten, octrooien en octrooieerbare uitvindingen, vakkennis, handelsgeheimen, handelsmerken en ontwerprechten (hetzij geregistreerd, registreerbaar of anders) in of anderszins met betrekking tot de producten (inclusief bijbehorende software). Tenzij toegestaan door het toepasselijke recht voert Koper geen “reverse engineering” toe met betrekking tot de producten of enig deel daarvan. Koper zal geen kennisgevingen van eigendomsrechten en/of merken opgenomen in of op een andere wijze aangebracht aan de producten, verwijderen.
Artikel 8 Garantie en Exclusieve Verhaalsmogelijkheid
8.1       Tenzij anders schriftelijk overeengekomen, garandeert Van Essen voor een periode van twaalf (12) maanden na de datum van levering zoals uiteengezet in de bepalingen van deze paragraaf 8, dat alle nieuwe producten die (a) vervaardigd zijn door Van Essen en (b) direct gekocht zijn van Van Essen (of een erkende distributeur van Van Essen) vrij zullen zijn van materiële gebreken in materialen en vakmanschap. In het geval de producten niet voldoen aan deze garantie is de enige en exclusieve verhaalsmogelijkheid van Koper, en Van Essens enige en exclusieve verplichting, dat Van Essen, naar eigen keuze, dergelijke producten kosteloos repareert of vervangt. In een dergelijke situatie kan Koper bijvoorbeeld dus geen beroep doen op schadevergoeding of ontbinding van de onderliggende overeenkomst die betrekking heeft op de producten. Van Essen is niet aansprakelijk voor normale slijtage.
8.2       Van Essen verstrekt geen garantie voor onderdelen, componenten of producten van derde partijen welke niet door Van Essen zijn vervaardigd. Dergelijke onderdelen, componenten of producten kunnen zouden door derden kunnen worden gegarandeerd.
8.3       Van Essen biedt geen garantie voor de nauwkeurigheid, de juistheid of de volledigheid van gegevens die Koper op basis van of met betrekking tot de geleverde producten en/of diensten verkrijgt. Koper interpreteert en/of gebruikt dergelijke gegevens geheel onder eigen verantwoordelijkheid en vrijwaart Van Essen tegen enige vorderingen, verliezen of verplichtingen die voortvloeien uit de interpretatie en/of gebruik van de gegevens.
8.4       De verhaalsmogelijkheid beschreven in paragraaf 8.1  is niet van toepassing op enig productfalen, defect of non-conformiteit, welke helemaal of gedeeltelijk is veroorzaakt door (i) het niet bedienen, onderhouden of repareren van de producten door Koper in overeenstemming met de documentatie van Van Essen of (indien voorgaande ontbreekt) overeenkomstig de goede handelspraktijk, (ii) enige aanpassing, wijziging of reparatie aan de producten welke niet door Van Essen is uitgevoerd, (iii) gebruik van de producten voor een ander doel dan waarvoor ze bedoeld waren, (iv) Van Essen is uitgegaan van een tekening, ontwerp of specificatie die door Koper is voorzien, of het gebruiken van enige materialen en artikelen die door of namens Koper zijn geleverd; (v) de normale slijtage, opzettelijke schade, nalatigheid, of de abnormale opslag of werkomstandigheden, (vi) de producten verschillen van hun beschrijving als resultaat van veranderingen die worden aangebracht om te verzekeren dat zij voldoen aan de toepasselijke wettelijke of regelgevende vereisten; of (vii) omstandigheden niet toe te schrijven aan Van Essen (zoals de toestand van de grond of put). Van Essen is niet aansprakelijk voor het falen van producten indien Koper die producten is blijven gebruiken nadat Koper in kennis is gesteld van het falen van die producten overeenkomstig deze paragraaf 8.8.5       Om gerechtigd te kunnen zijn tot de voorgaande garantie, moet Koper de producten na ontvangst onmiddellijk inspecteren en Van Essen onmiddellijk schriftelijk in kennis stellen na het ontdekken van een defect of tekortkoming. Koper zal geen producten terugsturen naar Van Essen zonder de voorafgaande schriftelijke toestemming daarvoor van Van Essen in de vorm van een geldige RMA (“return material authorization”). De betreffende producten die Koper wenst te retourneren dienen binnen tien (10) dagen nadat hij een RMA heeft ontvangen, te zijn ontvangen door Van Essen. Ondanks de uitgifte van een RMA, behoudt Van Essen zich het recht voor om de producten te inspecteren op eigen terrein en om volledig naar eigen inzicht de terugzending van producten te weigeren indien Van Essen van mening is dat de productgarantie niet van toepassing is vanwege de hierboven genoemde redenen. Defecte producten of onderdelen die zijn verzonden door Koper aan Van Essen voor reparatie of vervanging. De verzending is voor risico van Koper en zal worden betaald door Koper. Koper dient de aard van het tekort of de tekortkoming duidelijk aan te geven. Indien Van Essen onderdelen/producten ter nakoming van haar garantieverplichtingen vervangt, worden de vervangen onderdelen/producten eigendom van Van Essen.
8.6       De garantieverplichtingen van deze paragraaf 8 zijn slechts van toepassing op de vervangingsproducten of -onderdelen voor dezelfde duur als voor de vervangen producten of onderdelen.
8.7       DE VOORAFGAANDE GARANTIES ZIJN DE         ENIGE VOORWAARDEN WAAR KOPER EEN BEROEP OP KAN DOEN EN GELDEN ALLEEN VOOR DE OORSPRONKELIJKE, EERSTE KOPER DIE HET PRODUCT HEEFT GEKOCHT VAN VAN ESSEN OF  EEN ERKENDE DISTRIBUTEUR VAN VAN ESSEN (INDIEN VAN TOEPASSING). HET VERHELPEN VAN ENIG DEFECT IN OF TEKORTKOMING VAN PRODUCTEN DOOR REPARATIE OF VERVANGING OVEREENKOMSTIG HET BELEID VAN VAN ESSEN ZOALS HIERIN BESCHREVEN, IS DE ENIGE VERPLICHTING VAN VAN ESSEN EN DE ENIGE EN EXCLUSIEVE VERHAALSMOGELIJK VAN DE KOPER VOOR ALLE VERLIEZEN, VERTRAGINGEN OF SCHADE ALS GEVOLG VAN DE AANKOOP OF HET GEBRUIK VAN PRODUCTEN VAN VAN ESSEN. IN EEN DERGELIJKE SITUATIE KAN KOPER BIJVOORBEELD DUS GEEN BEROEP DOEN OP SCHADEVERGOEDING OF ONTBINDING VAN DE ONDERLIGGENDE OVEREENKOMST DIE BETREKKING HEEFT OP DE PRODUCTEN. BEHALVE DE BEPERKTE GARANTIE DIE HIERIN SPECIFIEK WORDT VERMELD, VRIJWAART KOPER VAN ESSEN, VOOR ZOVER TOEGESTAAN DOOR HET TOEPASSELIJK RECHT, VOOR EN DOET AFSTAND VAN ALLE GARANTIES MET BETREKKING TOT DE PRODUCTEN VAN VAN ESSEN, MET INBEGRIP VAN PRESTATIES EN DIENSTEN VERRICHT AAN KOPER, EXPLICIET OF IMPLICIET, MET INBEGRIP VAN, MAAR NIET BEPERKT TOT, ENIGE GARANTIE DIE VOORTVLOEIT UIT BEPAALDE OMGANGS- EN HANDELSPRAKTIJKEN, NIET-INBREUK EN IMPLICIETE GARANTIES VAN VERHANDELBAARHEID EN GESCHIKTHEID VOOR EEN BEPAALD DOEL OF GEBRUIK.
Artikel 9 Beperking van Aansprakelijkheid
9.1       Voor zover toegestaan door het toepasselijk recht, is Van Essen niet aansprakelijk op grond van een overeenkomst, onrechtmatige daad, risicoaansprakelijkheid, nalatigheid of andere wettelijke of billijke eis of theorie, voor gevolgschade, incidentele, directe of indirecte schade of voor verlies van goodwill of bedrijfswinsten, gederfde inkomsten, werkonderbreking (productie of bedrijfsonderbrekingen of stilstand), computerfalen of -defecten, of voor alle andere vormen van schade die voortvloeien uit het gebruik van producten, met inbegrip van, maar niet beperkt tot, dergelijk verlies of schade met betrekking tot lichamelijk letsel of eigendomsschade, zelfs indien Van Essen in kennis is gesteld of bewust was van de mogelijkheid van dergelijke verliezen of schade. In geen geval overschrijdt de totale aansprakelijkheid van Van Essen voor enige en alle schade, verliezen of aansprakelijkheden die hieruit of uit de levering van producten en/of diensten voortvloeien, de bedragen die Van Essen heeft ontvangen van Koper met betrekking tot dergelijke producten en/of de diensten die tot de aansprakelijkheid leiden. Koper vrijwaart Van Essen voor iedere aansprakelijkheid die voortvloeit uit het gebruik door Koper (met inbegrip van haar werknemers en agenten) van de (direct of indirecte) verkochte producten door Van Essen.
Artikel 10 Geheimhouding
10.1    Vertrouwelijke Informatie omvat alle informatie verstrekt door Van Essen aan Koper of haar vertegenwoordigers (“Ontvangende Partij”), inclusief informatie met betrekking tot producten en diensten die onderhevig zijn aan deze Algemene Voorwaarden, het bestaan en de aard van deze Algemene Voorwaarden en alle andere informatie met betrekking tot Van Essens eerdere, huidige of toekomstige onderzoek, technologie, vakkennis, ideeën, concepten, ontwerpen, producten, markten, computerprogramma’s, prototypen, processen, machines, vervaardiging, samenstellingen, zakenplannen en bedrijfsvoeringen, technische informatie, tekeningen, specificaties, en dergelijke, behalve informatie die: (a) op het tijdstip van openbaarmaking, of daarna, deel uitmaakt van het openbare domein, niet door enige handelen of nalaten door de Ontvangende Partij of haar vertegenwoordigers; (b) rechtmatig in het bezit is van de Ontvangende Partij voorafgaand aan de openbaarmaking door of namens Van Essen, dit dient te blijken uit schriftelijke documentatie van de Ontvangende Partij; (c) rechtmatig is openbaargemaakt aan de Ontvangende Partij door een derde partij die niet is onderworpen aan een geheimhoudingsplicht van of via Van Essen, dit dient te blijken uit schriftelijke documentatie; of (d) onafhankelijk is ontwikkeld door de Ontvangende Partij zonder gebruikmaking van de Vertrouwelijke Informatie van Van Essen, dit dient de blijken uit schriftelijke documentatie van de Ontvangende Partij.
10.2    De Ontvangende Partij geeft, zonder voorafgaande toestemming van Van Essen, geen Vertrouwelijke Informatie vrij aan wie dan ook, om welke reden dan ook, of wanneer dan ook en gebruikt de Vertrouwelijke Informatie niet voor enig ander doel dan het doel bepaald door Van Essen. Indien de Ontvangende Partij te goeder trouw acht dat zij verplicht is om op grond van het recht van een relevante jurisdictie of overeenkomstig een beschikking van een bevoegde rechtbank in een jurisdictie of die van een bevoegde regelgevende instantie, Vertrouwelijke Informatie te onthullen, stelt zij Van Essen van te voren in kennis om Van Essen de mogelijkheid te bieden om wettelijke of andere acties te ondernemen om dergelijke onthulling tegen te gaan of anders vertrouwelijke behandeling van dergelijke onthulling te verkrijgen. In geen geval geeft de Ontvangende Partij enige Vertrouwelijke Informatie vrij, indien zij hiertoe niet wettelijk verplicht wordt, en de Ontvangende Partij levert alle redelijke inspanningen om te verzekeren dat alle onthulde Vertrouwelijke Informatie vertrouwelijk wordt behandeld.
10.3    De Ontvangende Partij beperkt de verspreiding van de Vertrouwelijke Informatie tot slechts de personen in haar organisatie bij wie de noodzaak bestaat om op de hoogte te zijn van de Vertrouwelijke Informatie, en adviseert een dergelijk persoon die de Vertrouwelijke Informatie ontvangt, dat dergelijke informatie vertrouwelijk is en vereist van een dergelijk persoon (behalve advocaten en andere agenten die zich al moeten houden aan een professionele geheimhoudingsplicht) om een geschreven overeenkomst te ondertekenen waarin hij/zij wordt verplicht om de verplichtingen van de Ontvangende Partij met betrekking tot vertrouwelijkheid, niet-openbaarmaking en beperkingen van het gebruik in acht te nemen.
Artikel 11 Overmacht
11.1    Van Essen is niet aansprakelijk voor het niet presteren of voor de vertraging in prestaties als gevolg van brand, overstroming, staking of andere arbeidsconflicten, overmacht, een handeling van een overheidsinstantie, rellen, embargo, tekort aan brandstof of energie, verkeersongelukken of vertraging in het transport, het onvermogen om noodzakelijke arbeid, materialen of productie-installaties van de gebruikelijke bronnen te verkrijgen of het falen van de leveranciers om aan hun contractuele verplichtingen te voldoen, of door enig andere oorzaak die in redelijkheid buiten de controle van Van Essen is. In het geval van een vertraging in prestaties als gevolg van dergelijke oorzaken, zal de geschatte datum van levering of de tijd van voltooiing van prestaties worden verlengd met een termijn die nodig wordt geacht om het effect van dergelijke vertraging te compenseren. Als Van Essen in redelijkheid bepaalt dat een dergelijke vertraging in prestaties waarschijnlijk wordt verlengd met een termijn van negentig (90) dagen of meer, heeft Van Essen het recht om de van toepassing zijnde bestelling, na kennisgeving aan Koper, te annuleren, zonder enige aansprakelijkheid of verdere verplichting aan Koper met betrekking tot de bestelling.
Artikel 12 Overdracht en Uitbesteding
12.1    Van Essen kan op elk moment enige of alle rechten of verplichtingen uit hoofde van deze Algemene Voorwaarden toekennen, overdragen, in rekening brengen of uitbesteden. Het is de Koper niet toegestaan om enige of alle rechten of verplichtingen uit hoofde van deze Algemene Voorwaarden over te dragen, over te brengen, in rekening te brengen of uit te besteden zonder de voorafgaande schriftelijke toestemming van Van Essen.
Artikel 13 Scheidbaarheid
13.1    Indien een rechtbank of bevoegde autoriteit bepaalt dat een (deel van een) bepaling van deze Algemene Voorwaarden ongeldig, nietig, vernietigbaar of niet afdwingbaar is, wordt die bepaling of deel daarvan, voor zover noodzakelijk, beschouwd als zijnde verwijderd uit deze Algemene Voorwaarden. Dit zal niet van invloed zijn op de geldigheid en de uitvoerbaarheid van de andere bepalingen van deze Algemene Voorwaarden.
Artikel 14 Afstandsverklaring
14.1    Een verklaring van afstand van enig recht uit hoofde van deze Algemene Voorwaarden is alleen geldig indien deze schriftelijk is gedaan en zal niet worden beschouwd als een verklaring van afstand. Een falen of vertraging door een partij van uitoefenen van een recht uit hoofde van deze Algemene Voorwaarden of de wet vormt geen verklaring van afstand van een recht en sluit de verdere uitoefening van dat of een ander recht niet uit. Gehele of gedeeltelijk uitoefening van een recht zal de verdere uitoefening van dat of een ander recht niet uitsluiten of beperken.
Artikel 15 Toepasselijk recht
15.1    Deze Algemene Voorwaarden en de geschillen of vorderingen die hieruit voortvloeien, worden beheerst door het Nederlandse recht, met uitsluiting van de toepasselijkheid van de Conventie van de Verenigde Naties betreffende contracten voor de internationale goederenhandel van 1980 (Weens Koopverdrag), en de partijen onderwerpen zich onherroepelijk aan de exclusieve jurisdictie van de bevoegde Nederlandse rechtbank, het bevoegde gerechtshof in hoger beroep en de Hoge Raad in cassatie.
Article 16 Overheersende Versie
16.1    In geval van een discrepantie tussen de betekenis van (een) Englse term(en) en (een) Nederlandse term(en) gebruikt om hetzelfde uit te leggen of in geval van enig andere discrepantie tussen de Engelse en Nederlandse versie van de text, zal de Engelse versie overheersen.
This website uses cookies to give you the very best experience. By continuing to browse this website you are agreeing to our use of cookies. To find out more how we use cookies, please review our Privacy Notice Accept and ClosePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.