https://vcee.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Virginia Council on Economic Education (VCEE) places a high priority on protecting your privacy. This privacy policy was created in order to demonstrate the VCEE’s firm commitment to the privacy of our registrants, subscribers and website users. This policy explains more about the information collected via the VCEE website, www.vcee.org, and how that data is used.
What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected & How Is It Used
Individuals that register for events on www.vcee.org and/or signup to receive VCEE e-communications voluntarily provide VCEE with contact information such as name and e-mail address.  VCEE may use this information for specific, limited purposes. VCEE will not sell or release event registrant and/or email subscriber contact information to any party other than VCEE, an affiliated center for economic education, and, on occasion, the Council for Economic Education. In all cases, the information will only be used to promote economic and financial education and provide registrant and subscriber information about programs and resources supporting this education.
Registrants and subscribers may “opt-out” of communications and messages from VCEE at any time. When a registrant or subscriber opt-out all communications from VCEE will cease.
Registrant Images
By registering for a VCEE event or training, the registrant agrees to allow photography to be taken during the program and used by VCEE or affiliated Centers in their print material or electronic images.
IP Addresses
The VCEE uses the IP address of all website visitors to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer www.vcee.org, and for statistical metrics used to track website visitor traffic.
How Your Information May Be Used
Through the www.vcee.org website, VCEE uses “cookie” messages to automatically help provide better services to the website visitor (referred to as “you”). The “cookies” remind us who you are and your preferences for our website based on what you have done and told us before. The “cookie” is placed in your computer and is read when you come back to the VCEE website. “Cookies” let VCEE take you to the information and features you are particularly interested in reading. “Cookies” also let VCEE track your usage of www.vcee.org, so VCEE knows which parts of the VCEE website are most popular. You can reject “cookies” or cancel them by instructing your Web browser accordingly.
We use your personal information to provide you with personalized service; to send e-mail alerts to you; to answer your requests; to process your event registration; etc.  We may also use your information to track visits to the VCEE website. This allows VCEE to see which features are the most popular so VCEE can better serve the needs of users. It also allows VCEE to provide aggregate data about our traffic (not identifying you personally, but showing how many visitors used which features, for example) to outside parties.
The VCEE website, www.vcee.org, includes links to external websites. These links do not part of the www.vcee.org domain, and the VCEE is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. All users of the VCEE website are encouraged to use of any linked website solely at their own risk.
Modifications
VCEE may amend this privacy policy from time to time. Registrants, users, and subscribers are encouraged to review it periodically. VCEE maintains the option to modify this privacy at any time by electronic notice posted on the VCEE website. Continued use of the VCEE website after the date that such notices are posted will be deemed to be an agreement to the changed terms.
Home > Privacy Policy
Yes, I'd like to help!
Donate Now
Sign Up for Educator Emails
Get resources for your K-12 classroom from the Virginia Council on Economic Education.