http://vineyardteam.org/privacy-policy/
Library
Ag Order
Membership
Why Join?
Grower/Winery
Partner/Associate
Member Roster
Join Now!
Projects
Overview
Irrigation BMPs
Cover Crops & Water
Soil Moisture Monitoring
Water Stewardship
Protecting Water Quality
Drip Irrigation Problems and Solutions
Scholarship
Scholarship
Apply
SIP for Scholars
About
About
News
Staff
Board of Directors
Contact
Sustainable Ag Expo
SIP Certified
Stay Up To Date
Privacy Policy - Terms & Conditions
PRIVACY POLICY
POLICIES
The terms of this privacy policy govern all interactions with Vineyard Team, whether through our Vineyard Team’s website or email, by telephone or fax or by mail. A link to our privacy policy can be found on our home page and on web pages where information is collected from Users and Members. When you use our website or communicate with us by email, fax phone or mail, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy.
This privacy policy does not apply to the practices of companies Vineyard Team does not own or control, or of persons that we do not employ or manage, including any third-party content contributors and any third-party websites to which our websites link.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Vineyard Team may ask for business contact information, including, without limitation, e-mail addresses, telephone and facsimile numbers, and physical addresses, pertaining to its Members or website Users (“Users”). Vineyard Team will also use this information for customer service and account management purposes, including to reply to your inquiries, to provide you with requested products and services, to set up your account, and to contact you.
We collect non-personally-identifying information that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how our visitors use our websites. From time to time, we may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the website.
OPTING IN/OPTING OUT
In certain places on printed documents or on our website (for example, when registering as a user of our website, managing your membership account, shopping, or participating in activities like promotional contests), we may ask you to consent to the sharing of your information with other Members or third parties with which we have business relationships. If you provide such consent (for example, by checking a box or by some other means), we will make your information available to such third parties as described in the consent form so that they, we, or both may contact you directly regarding special offers, promotions, products or services that may be of interest to you.
If you register on our website as a user or become a Member of Vineyard Team, you will have the opportunity to review or update the information you have provided us at any time. You also have the option of deleting all information except for your email address. If you would like to completely deactivate your account, please contact us. Please note, however, that if you deactivate your account, you will not receive any newsletters from us and you will not be able to participate in any of our sweepstakes or contests. You agree that, subject to applicable law, we may use your information to contact you for customer service, to inform you of important changes or additions to your account or the services we offered to Members and to send you administrative notices or any communications relevant to your use of our Service.
If you have subscribed to one of our email newsletters, you will always have the opportunity to unsubscribe from future mailings (for example, by clicking on an unsubscribe link in an email newsletter or by modifying your account settings).
H0W WE USE COOKIES
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
CHILDREN
Vineyard Team does not solicit personally identifying information from children. Users who are under 18 years of age should not submit any personally identifying information to the Vineyard Team website.
LINKS
Vineyard Team may provide links to third-party websites, and other websites may provide links to the Vineyard Team website. Third-party websites operate according to their own terms of use and privacy policies. Vineyard Team has no control over such third-party websites, and by using the Vineyard Team website Users and Members acknowledge and agree that Vineyard Team is not responsible for the availability of such third-party sites, or any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites. Users and Members further acknowledge and agree that Vineyard Team will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICLY
Vineyard Team may revise or amend this policy at any time in its sole discretion and without notice. We encourage Users and Members to visit this page periodically to review our current policy.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Any questions regarding this privacy policy, any requests for changes to Users’ or Members’ contact information, including email address, street address or telephone number, and any other correspondence from Users or Members should be directed to Kris Beal (kris@vineyardteam.org).
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Use of the Vineyard Team website constitutes agreement to our terms and conditions (see below). We encourage you to review the below information carefully.
TRADEMARKS
Vineyard Team and other marks indicated on our site are trademarks owned exclusively by Central Coast Vineyard Team. The use of these trademarks and trade dress is prohibited if used in connection with the sale of any product that is not Vineyard Team 's, in any manner that seeks to disparages or discredit Vineyard Team or in any manner that may cause confusion among our customers.
COPYRIGHT
All content on this website is the exclusive property of Central Coast Vineyard Team. Said content includes text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio and video clips, digital downloads, and software. Our content is protected by United States and international copyright laws and we reserve all rights contained therein. In case of dispute or infringement, we will rigorously defend our rights to this material.
PROTECTING YOUR ACCOUNT
Some portions of this website permit username and passwords to be used. You are responsible for protecting your unique username and password and you agree to be responsible for all activities performed under your user account.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
Central Coast Vineyard Team grants you (the user) a limited license to access and make personal use of this website. This license does not include the right to download any material (other than routine page caching), modify any material, or any portion thereof, without the express written consent of Central Coast Vineyard Team. This license excludes the download or collection of logos, product descriptions, pricing, text, graphics, audio and video clips, and/or copying account information. This website or any portion of this website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written permission of Central Coast Vineyard Team. You are prohibited from using meta tags or any other hidden text utilizing Vineyard Team's name or trademarks without the express written consent of Central Coast Vineyard Team.  Any unauthorized use of this websites voids the limited license granted by Central Coast Vineyard Team.
CONTENT SUBMITTED BY SITE USERS
If you do post content to this site or otherwise submit material (including, but not limited to, photographs and testimonials), you grant Central Coast Vineyard Team and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. By your submission you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Central Coast Vineyard Team or its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply. Central Coast Vineyard Team reserves the right to remove any content at our sole discretion.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
This site is provided by Central Coast Vineyard Team on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Central Coast Vineyard Team makes no warranties, either expressed or implied, as to the operation of the site or the content contained therein. You expressly agree that your use of www.vineyardteam.org is at your own risk.   Central Coast Vineyard Team cannot warrant that this site, our servers, or email communications affiliated with the use of this website, are free from viruses. Central Coast Vineyard Team will not be responsible for any damages of any kind resulting from use of this website, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages.
REDEMPTION OF DISCOUNTS AND SPECIAL OFFERS
From time to time, Vineyard Team may offer its clients special offers and discount codes to be used in conjunction with this website. These offers may be disseminated via this website and through email to those who have registered for our email database. They may be posted on our home page (www.vineyardteam.org) or announced via other means of communication in conjunction with a promotion, including radio and TV broadcasts, internet forums and various online websites.
We encourage our clients to redeem these special offers, but we respectfully ask that you not exploit them. Vineyard Team, at our sole discretion, will determine if all purchasing criteria has been met to qualify for stated discount.  If you successfully circumvent the software safeguards of this website in order to receive a discount with your order, then we will (at our sole discretion) remove any extraneous discount from your order or cancel the order in its entirety. You will be informed of any order changes via the phone number or email address listed with your order.
APPLICABLE LAW
By visiting www.vineyardteam.org, you agree that the laws of the state of California, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Central Coast Vineyard Team.
CHANGES IN POLICY
Central Coast Vineyard Team reserves the right to modify, alter, delete and update these policies at any time we see fit. Such alterations do not nullify our rights if infringements or breaches occurred under a previous version of these conditions.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Last updated: August 17, 2020
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using Our Service.
INTERPRETATION AND DEFINITIONS INTERPRETATION
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
DEFINITIONS
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where control means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Country refers to: California, United States
Company (referred to as either the Company, We, Us or Our in this Agreement) refers to Vineyard Team, 5915 El Camino Real, Atascadero, CA 93422.
Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Service refers to the Website.
Terms and Conditions (also referred as Terms) mean these Terms and Conditions that form the entire agreement between You and the Company regarding the use of the Service. This Terms and Conditions agreement has been created with the help of the Terms and Conditions Generator.
Third-party Social Media Service means any services or content (including data, information, products or services) provided by a third-party that may be displayed, included or made available by the Service.
Website refers to Vineyard Team, accessible from https://www.vineyardteam.org
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates between You and the Company. These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the use of the Service. Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions then You may not access the Service.
You represent that you are over the age of 18. The Company does not permit those under 18 to use the Service. Your access to and use of the Service is also conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with the Privacy Policy of the Company.
Our Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information when You use the Website and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
Please read Our Privacy Policy carefully before using Our Service. [https://www.vineyardteam.org/privacy-policy/]
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by the Company. The Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise You to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that You visit.
TERMINATION
We may terminate or suspend Your access immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if You breach these Terms and Conditions. Upon termination, Your right to use the Service will cease immediately.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Notwithstanding any damages that You might incur, the entire liability of the Company and any of its suppliers under any provision of this Terms and Your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the amount actually paid by You through the Service or 100 USD if You haven't purchased anything through the Service.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Company or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of data or other information, for business interruption, for personal injury, loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability to use the Service, third-party software and/or third-party hardware used with the Service, or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Terms), even if the Company or any supplier has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.
Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, which means that some of the above limitations may not apply. In these states, each party's liability will be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law. AS IS and AS AVAILABLE.
DISCLAIMER
The Service is provided to You AS IS and AS AVAILABLE and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of its Affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Service, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Company provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the Service will meet Your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, applications, systems or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.
Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of the company's provider makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied: (i) as to the operation or availability of the Service, or the information, content, and materials or products included thereon; (ii) that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information or content provided through the Service; or (iv) that the Service, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf of the Company are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms, malware, timebombs or other harmful components.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain types of warranties or limitations on applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to You. But in such a case the exclusions and limitations set forth in this section shall be applied to the greatest extent enforceable under applicable law.
GOVERNING LAW
The laws of the Country, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Terms and Your use of the Service. Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.
DISPUTES RESOLUTION
If You have any concern or dispute about the Service, You agree to first try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting the Company.
For European Union (EU) Users If You are a European Union consumer, you will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which you are resident in. United States Legal Compliance You represent and warrant that (i) You are not located in a country that is subject to the United States government embargo, or that has been designated by the United States government as a terrorist supporting country, and (ii) You are not listed on any United States government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
SEVERABILITY AND WAIVER SERVERABILITY
If any provision of these Terms is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect. Waiver Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require performance of an obligation under this Terms shall not effect a party's ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter nor shall be the waiver of a breach constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach.
TRANSLATION INTERPRETATION
These Terms and Conditions may have been translated if We have made them available to You on our Service. You agree that the original English text shall prevail in the case of a dispute.
CHANGES TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material We will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect.
What constitutes a material change will be determined at Our sole discretion. By continuing to access or use Our Service after those revisions become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, You can contact us:
By email: info@vineyardteam.org
By mail: Vineyard Team, 5915 El Camino Real, Atascadero, CA 93422, USA.
Tailgates & Workshops
See Events
Vineyard Team Podcasts
Learn More
Sustainable Ag Expo
More Info