https://visiopharm.com/privacypolicy/
Privacy Policy
We at Visiopharm respect your privacy. For that purpose, we want to provide you with transparency on how we collect and use your personal data. Personal data is for example used and recorded when you visit our website, when you sign up for our newsletter, webinars or events or when you become a customer.
In this Privacy Policy we describe the collection, usage, storage and sharing practices of personal data. The data controller will be Visiopharm A/S, Agern Allé 24.2, DK 2970-Hørsholm, Denmark and/or the Visiopharm company you have your relationship with.
Details of Visiopharm companies can be found here. Details of processing activities can be found here.
We are only required to conclude a data processing agreement in situation where we process personal data on your behalf.
Your rights as a data subject
Insight
You have the right, at any time, to receive information about the personal data we are processing about you, where the data is collected from, and what we are using it for. You also have the right to be informed about the period for which the personal data will be stored and who the recipient of your personal data is if we transfer your data inside Denmark and/or abroad. If you request so, we can inform you of, and provide you with, a copy of the personal data we process concerning you. The access can, however, be restricted by legislation, protection of other persons’ privacy and consideration for our business and practices. Our know-how, business secrets as well as internal assessments and material may also be exempt from the right of insight. You can use your right by contacting us. You will find our contact information in the section below.
Right to rectification and erasure (“right to be forgotten”)
If you think the personal data we are processing about you is , incorrect, incomplete or irrelevant, you have the right to request rectification or erasure of the data with the restrictions that follow from existing legislation and rights to process data.
Restriction of use
If you believe that the personal data we have registered about you is incorrect, or if you have objected to the processing you may demand that we restrict the use of these data to storage. Use will only be restricted to storage until the correctness of the data can be established, or it can be checked whether our legitimate interests outweigh your interests.
If you are entitled to have the data we have registered about you erased, you may instead request us to restrict the use of these data to storage. If we need to use the data we have registered about you solely to assert a legal claim, you may also demand that other use of these data be restricted to storage. We may, however, be entitled to other use to assert a legal claim or if you have granted your consent to this.
Right to object
You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to processing of personal data concerning you. You may for instance also object to Visiopharm’s use of your data for marketing purposes, including profiling that is related to such purposes. You can use your rights by contacting us. You will find our contact information at the section right below. If your objection is justified, we will cease to process your personal data.
Data portability
You have the right to data portability to the extent that Visiopharm uses data based on your consent or as a result of an agreement, and the processing is carried out by automated means. Data portability involve a right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance.
Withdrawal of consent
You can at any given time contact us to withdraw or change your consent. Please note that we will continue to use your personal data, for example, to fulfil an agreement we have made with you or we are required to do so by law.
Transfer of personal data
In some instances, we may share your personal data with third parties inside or outside Visiopharm’s group of companies. Your personal data may be shared with group companies, suppliers, business partners, contractors or other third parties who process data on our behalf. Contractual arrangement is established to ensure that such data processors are only allowed to process data in accordance with our instructions and for our purposes, and to require such data processors to establish adequate organisational and technical security measures.
We may also disclose your personal data to public authorities if we are legally required to do so.
If personal data is transferred to companies established in countries outside the EU/EEA, which do not provide the same level of data protection as within the EU/EEA, we will not share your data unless adequate measures are put in place to protect your personal data as required by applicable law.
Transfer of data to recipients in third countries, including the US, will always be conducted based on EU standard contractual clauses. You can get a copy of the standard contract by contacting us.
Protection of your personal data
Visiopharm will ensure that appropriate measures are taken against unlawful or unauthorised processing of personal data, and against the accidental loss of, or damage to, personal data.  Visiopharm have procedures and technologies in place to maintain the security of all personal data from the point of collection to the point of destruction.
Retention period
We will retain your personal data for as long as they are needed for the purposes for which your data was collected and processed or required by laws and regulations. The retention period is specified on the relevant subpages (see links above).
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will be regularly reviewed and updated. Any changes to this privacy notice will apply to you and your data immediately. If changes affect how your personal data is processed, we will take reasonable steps to let you know of the changes.
Contact details and how to complain
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy please contact Visiopharm by sending a message to privacy@visiopharm.com or by sending a letter to Visiopharm A/S, Agern Allé 24, DK-2970 Hørsholm, Denmark.
If you wish to make a complaint about your processing of your personal data, you have the right to contact the Danish Data protection Authority (“Datatilsynet”), Carl Jacobsens Vej 35, DK-2500 Valby, Denmark, +45 33 19 32 00, email dt@datatilsynet.dk
Success
Your message has been successfully sent!
Back
Close