https://vistalab.com/terms-of-use/
COVID-19
Products
ali-Q
Ovation
MLA
Wobble Not
Reservoirs
Tips
Customized Products
Specials & Promotions
Calibration & Repair
Support
Support Materials
Accessories
Maintenance Parts
Compliance Certificate
Blog
About
Company Profile
History
Quality Management
Catalog
Ergonomics
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Definitions
VistaLab Technologies, Inc. may be referred to herein as “VistaLab” or the “Seller”.  “Buyer” shall refer to the person or entity – company, organization or institute – placing an order with the Seller.  “Products” shall refer to the Goods and Services (such as calibration and repair) ordered by the Buyer.  “Shipper” refers to UPS, FedEx, LTL or other carrier.
Card Holder Security
All Card holder information is processed through a secure payment gateway. VistaLab does not store card holder information nor do we share customer information with any other third party.
Shipment
All shipments are ex-works, Brewster, NY, USA.
If Buyer places order for overnight shipment before 12 PM ET, it is most likely that the product will be shipped the same day. Every effort will be made to ship all orders within 2 business days, subject to Product availability. VistaLab endeavors to ship all standard Products, which are inventoried in forecasted quantities, to facilitate timely shipment.
Ground delivery typically takes 1 to 5 business days within the US and Canada for Buyer to receive the product following shipment, depending on Buyer shipping address.
VistaLab only ships to valid mailing addresses and does not ship to PO Boxes.
Payment
Payment for orders of $100 or less (excluding tax and freight) must be made at the time of purchase with a valid MasterCard, VISA or American Express credit card. Purchase Orders from accounts of approved credit (see #2 below), with an Assigned Customer Code, will be accepted on orders over $100 (excluding tax and freight) and subject to Net 30 Day terms. Failure to pay within terms may result in late fees and the requirement that all future orders be restricted to credit card only or payment in advance.
Credit application: To purchase on credit, Buyer must set up an account with VistaLab and receive an Assigned Customer Code, which is required when using a Purchase Order for online ordering. The credit application may be obtained by contacting VistaLab Customer Service at 914-244-6226 or customer.service@vistalab.com. The credit application may also be downloaded by clicking here: VistaLab credit application.
Late Fee Policy: A Late Fee of 1.5% (or Highest Rate Permitted by Law, if less) per month will be assessed on the Total Balance Due when more than 30 days past due.
Sales Tax: Tax applies to all New York State customers (and ship-to locations) unless VistaLab has been previously supplied with a valid New York State Sales Tax Exemption Certificate. Buyer is responsible for any and all applicable taxes whether or not those taxes are expressly stated on the Seller’s invoice.
Credit card payment for Calibration & Repair Service: If Buyer places order for Calibration & Repair Service, but fails to ship pipettes to VistaLab within 28 days, credit card information will need to be resubmitted/authorized before service can be completed.
Products
VistaLab continually upgrades and revises its products and prices. VistaLab reserves the right to revise or discontinue products.  While pricing actions are generally limited to once per annum, VistaLab also reserves the right to change prices without prior notice.
International Orders
International orders cannot be placed online at this time. Our distributors are listed on our website. All International orders must be pre-paid via valid credit card, check, ACH or wire transfer in US Dollars. Customer must have an account with FedEx or UPS, because we ship International orders on Buyer’s account. Contact VistaLab Customer Service at 914-244-6226 or customer.service@vistalab.com for information.
Product Returns
Product may be returned for replacement or refund (subject to a restocking fee) within 30 days of purchase, but only after Buyer has obtained a written authorization from VistaLab in the form of an RMA (Return Merchandise Authorization) number.
Before you return a Product
In order to return a Product for any reason you must obtain an RMA (Return Merchandise Authorization) number from VistaLab Customer Service department at 914-244-6226 or customer.service@vistalab.com.  Products returned without an RMA number are not considered as returns and will not be accepted.
All returns are subject to a 25% restocking fee
Buyer pays for the shipping cost of any Product returned.  All replacement Products are shipped ground unless paid by the Buyer via expedited shipping. Expedited shipping charges are non-refundable.
Physically damaged products are not returnable
Please notify the Shipper immediately if you receive damaged merchandise.
Last Revised: May 6, 2016
L#374076_RevB
How does it work?
Buy VistaLab pipette tips and find VistaPoint stickers attached to every box of tips you receive.
Save stickers & Login to My Account to Register VistaPoints.
They are automatically converted to $ credit for Calibration & Repair.
When placing order for Calibration and Repair, apply your VistaPoint credit during checkout.
CODE: 234567 (sample)
Enter your code to receive credit towards Calibration & Repair Services. Go to www.vistalab.com/services.
Currently US & Canada only
VistaPoints needed to get FREE service:
Single channel pipette: 7–24 points
Multichannel pipette: 17–62 points
Add-on repair to any pipette: 2–10 points
Order Tips Order Service Register VistaPoints
If you don’t have enough VistaPoints to get the service for free, you can still use your points and pay the difference.
Join Our Mailing List
Home
About
Blog
Contact
Service
Register Your Pipette
Support
Catalog
Terms & Conditions
Ovation Video
Privacy Policy
My Account
Made in the USA
Find a Distributor
Distributor Resources
2 Geneva Road
Brewster, NY 10509
+1-888-652-6520
P. +1-914-244-6226
F. +1-845-279-4620
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.