https://vistalab.com/privacy-policy/
COVID-19
Products
ali-Q
Ovation
MLA
Wobble Not
Reservoirs
Tips
Customized Products
Specials & Promotions
Calibration & Repair
Support
Support Materials
Accessories
Maintenance Parts
Compliance Certificate
Blog
About
Company Profile
History
Quality Management
Catalog
Ergonomics
Contact
Privacy Policy
VistaLab Technologies respects your privacy
VistaLab Technologies respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. We provide this Privacy Statement to inform you of our Privacy Policy and practices, and about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used. We’ve structured our website so that, in general, you can visit most web pages without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Any information we do gather is solely for our records and transactions and is never shared with other companies.
The vistalab.com website may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the VistaLab website. VistaLab does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from VistaLab’s. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. The VistaLab Technologies Privacy Statement does not cover the personal data you choose to give to unrelated third parties.
Types of information we collect
This Privacy Statement covers business-oriented information, non-business data collection, and aggregate reporting.
Business-oriented information is information that is associated with your name or company’s identity.VistaLab Technologies uses this information to understand your needs and interests and to provide you with better service. Once you choose to provide us with business information, you can be assured it is used only to support your customer relationship with VistaLab Technologies. We take seriously the trust you place in us. VistaLab Technologies will not sell, rent or lease your information to others.
What we collect
The types of information you provide to us on certain pages may include your name, company name, address, phone number, e-mail address, user IDs and passwords, billing and transaction information, and credit card information. If you apply for instant credit, we may ask you to provide additional information such as purchase order information, names of management personnel within your organization and banking information. This information will be used by our finance department in determining whether to extend you credit.
Anonymous information collection
Non-specific information is data about usage and service operation that is not associated with a specific business identity. VistaLab Technologies collects and analyzes non-specific information to evaluate how visitors use our website. Non-specific data we collect may include the pages visited on the website, unique URLs visited within vistalab.com, browser type, and IP address.
How we use your information
VistaLab Technologies uses your business information to help you complete a transaction or order, to communicate with you, to provide service and support, to update you on services and benefits, to register the warranty on your VistaLab products and to personalize promotional offers. Occasionally we may also use your information to contact you for market research regarding VistaLab products or services. Credit card information is used only for payment processing and fraud prevention. Sensitive information is collected only to facilitate our financial service providers’ credit decisions and will be shared with them only with your permission. Credit card information and sensitive data are not used for any other purpose by our financial services providers or VistaLab Technologies and will not be kept longer than necessary for performing financial transactions.
How we use cookies
VistaLab.com uses cookies, web beacons and other technologies to control session variables during certain types of purchase transactions conducted on the website. The information collected is used only during the transaction procedure and is not retained.
Non-specific data is aggregated for reporting about vistalab.com usability, performance, and effectiveness. It is used to improve the customer experience, usability and site content.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Keeping your information secure
VistaLab Technologies is committed to protecting the information you provide us. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, VistaLab Technologies has in place appropriate physical and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. SSL encryption is designed to make the information unreadable by anyone but our credit card processor. This security measure is working when you see either the symbol of an unbroken key or closed lock (depending on your browser) on the bottom of your browser window.
Credit card numbers are used only for processing payment and are not used for other purposes. As part of real-time payment processing, VistaLab Technologies subscribes to a fraud management service. This service gives you and VistaLab Technologies an extra level of security to guard against credit card fraud to protect your financial data.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@vistalab.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.
Contacting us
We value your opinions. If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy or If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:
VistaLab Technologies, Inc.
Attn: Finance Department
2 Geneva Road
Brewster, NY 10509
How does it work?
Buy VistaLab pipette tips and find VistaPoint stickers attached to every box of tips you receive.
Save stickers & Login to My Account to Register VistaPoints.
They are automatically converted to $ credit for Calibration & Repair.
When placing order for Calibration and Repair, apply your VistaPoint credit during checkout.
CODE: 234567 (sample)
Enter your code to receive credit towards Calibration & Repair Services. Go to www.vistalab.com/services.
Currently US & Canada only
VistaPoints needed to get FREE service:
Single channel pipette: 7–24 points
Multichannel pipette: 17–62 points
Add-on repair to any pipette: 2–10 points
Order Tips Order Service Register VistaPoints
If you don’t have enough VistaPoints to get the service for free, you can still use your points and pay the difference.
Join Our Mailing List
Home
About
Blog
Contact
Service
Register Your Pipette
Support
Catalog
Terms & Conditions
Ovation Video
Privacy Policy
My Account
Made in the USA
Find a Distributor
Distributor Resources
2 Geneva Road
Brewster, NY 10509
+1-888-652-6520
P. +1-914-244-6226
F. +1-845-279-4620
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.