https://vortexoptics.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
VORTEX OPTICS
Privacy and Cookie Policy
This privacy policy sets out how this website (hereafter "the Website") uses and protects any information you
provide while visiting this Website. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be
identified when using the Website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this
privacy policy. Please review our Privacy and Cookie Policy from time to time to ensure that you have the
most up to date information.
AUTHORIZED RESELLERS – Vortex Optics partners with authorized resellers of Vortex Optics
products and each authorized reseller manages their own customer data and payment related information
collected at the time of purchase. Vortex Optics does not receive or have access to the Authorized
Reseller(s) customer information.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect the following information:
Name
Date of Birth
Street address and postal code
Email address
Registering an Account
Demographic preferences and interests
Purchase, return, exchange, and payment information/history
Information relevant to customer surveys and/or promotional offers
IP address
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
We want to better understand your needs and provide you with superior products and customer service. We may
use your information to connect with you as follows:
Communicate improvement of products and services
Send promotional emails and special offers
Conduct market research questionnaires
Customize our website to better suit your interests
WHO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?
Vortex may disclose the information we collect about you to our service providers and/or suppliers who
process such information on our behalf (e.g. website or database hosting companies, analysis companies,
credit card companies, shipping and/or fulfillment companies, etc.); or to provide information as required
by local law enforcement, other local authorities, or otherwise as required by law.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
Your personal data will be stored by us and our service providers in accordance with the data protection laws
and for the fulfillment of our obligations to you. Upon your request or at such time we no longer need your
information, we will remove your data from our systems and take appropriate steps to properly anonymize the
data, so you are longer identified in our systems (unless we need to keep your information to keep it comply
with statutory or regulatory obligations to which we are subject).
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure,
we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
information we collect online.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree,
the file is added to your computer and the cookie helps us analyze when you visit our Website. Cookies allow
web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your
needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which webpage(s) you visit when you come to our Website. This helps us
analyze data about web page traffic and improve our Website to tailor it to our customer needs. We only use
this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better Website experience, by enabling us to monitor which pages
you find most useful. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you,
other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web
browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if
you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites that may be of interest to you. If you click on any one of
these links, you will leave our Website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy
of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this
privacy statement.
SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS
Contacting us on one of our social media platforms or directing us to communicate with you via social media,
via direct message or other social media tools, are governed by this privacy policy as well as the privacy
policy of the social media platform you use. Interacting with our site via social media includes features
that may collect information about you such as your IP address and which page you are visiting on our site.
Social media features and widgets may be hosted by a third party. Your interactions with those features are
governed by the privacy policies of those third-party providers.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may choose to restrict or change the way we collection or use of your personal information in the
following ways:
Contact us by using the Contact Us form and we will assist you in making changes.
If you would like to “Unsubscribe from the email list” please go to the Contact Us and select “Unsubscribe from email list”
We will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your consent
or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information
about third parties which we think you may find interesting.
If you believe that any information, we have on file is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us using the
Contact Us form. We will promptly make corrections as directed by you
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
California Consumer Privacy Act: Effective January 1, 2020
If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you can request:
the right to know how your personal information is collected and used,
the right to access your personal information,
the right for no sale, transfer or sharing of your personal information with third parties; and
the right to delete or erase your information.
Please submit your request using the Contact Us form. Please allow 45 days for a response.
NEVADA RESIDENTS
Nevada law gives Nevada consumers the right to request that a company not sell their personal information.
This right applies even if their personal information is not currently being sold. If you are a Nevada
consumer and wish to exercise this right, please submit your request using the Contact Us Form.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in
accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Effective:
October 1, 2020