https://walthamlandtrust.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Join/Renew
Donate
Privacy Policy
The Waltham Land Trust places a high priority on protecting your privacy. This privacy policy was created in order to demonstrate the Waltham Land Trust' firm commitment to the privacy of our members and website users. This policy explains what types of information is collected by the the Waltham Land Trust's website, walthamlandtrust.org, and how this information is used.
What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected
Waltham Land Trust members that join or renew at walthamlandtrust.org, individuals that register for events at walthamlandtrust.org, and individuals that sign up to receive walthamlandtrust.org e-communications, voluntarily provide us with contact information (such as name, e-mail address, phone and mailing address). We may use this information for specific, limited purposes. You may always "opt out," either now or at any time in the future, if you do not wish to receive our messages.
IP addresses
The Waltham Land Trust uses your IP address for statistical metrics used to track website visitor traffic.
Cookies
Our website may use "cookie" messages to automatically help provide better services. They remind us who you are and your preferences for our website based on what you've done and told us before. The "cookie" is placed in your computer and is read when you come back to our website. Cookies let us take you to the information and features you're particularly interested in. They also let us track your usage of walthamlandtrust.org, so we know which parts of our sites are most popular. You can reject cookies or cancel them by instructing your web browser accordingly.
How Your Information May Be Used
We may use your personal information to provide you with personalized service; to send e-mail alerts to you; to answer your requests; to process your membership application; etc. You may choose to opt out at any time, which will cease all communications from us. We may also use your information to track visitor of our website. This lets us see which of our features are the most popular so we can better serve our users' needs. It also lets us view aggregate data about our traffic (not identifying you personally, but showing how many visitors used which features, for example).
Data Privacy
The Waltham Land Trust does not provide, sell, or rent your email addresses, phone numbers, mailing address, or any data to anyone outside the organization, with the exception that when you use your credit card on our website to pay for membership, make a donation, register for an event, etc, all the data needed to process your credit card is transferred securely to the credit card processor that we use to charge your card.
External Links
Our website includes links to external websites. These links do not fall under the walthamlandtrust.org domain, and the Waltham Land Trust is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk.
Modifications
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time; please review it periodically. We maintain the option to modify this privacy at any time by electronic notice posted on our website. Your continued use of our website after the date that such notices are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
Scroll To Top