https://watershedwatch.ca//watershed-watch-salmon-society-privacy-policy
Skip to content
Watershed Watch Salmon Society Personal Information Protection Policy Anna Kemp2020-03-05T12:18:34-08:00
Watershed Watch Salmon Society Privacy PolicyWatershed Watch Salmon Society is committed to safeguarding the personal information entrusted to us by our donors and email subscribers. We manage your personal information in accordance with British Columbia’s Personal Information Protection Act and other applicable laws. This policy outlines the principles and practices we follow in protecting your personal information. This policy applies to Watershed Watch Salmon Society and to any person providing services on our behalf.
What is personal information?Personal information means information about an identifiable individual. This includes an individual’s name, home address and phone number, age, sex, marital or family status, an identifying number, financial information, educational history, etc.
What personal information do we collect?We collect only the personal information we need for the following purposes:
To communicate with our supporters and email subscribers about our activities, campaigns and events
To maintain an accurate database.
To fundraise, including by mail and email
To send tax receipts for donations
To conduct awareness and advocacy campaigns
To conduct surveys and focus groups
To provide third parties with statistical information about our users, for example, to tell potential sponsors and partners about numbers of subscribers.
Demographic information is collected to undertake targeted fundraising and social media campaigns
ConsentWe ask for consent to collect, use or disclose client personal information, except in specific circumstances where collection, use or disclosure without consent is authorized or required by law. We may assume your consent in cases where you volunteer information for an obvious purpose. We assume your consent to continue to use and, where applicable, disclose personal information that we have already collected, for the purpose for which the information was collected.
In cases where express consent is required, we will normally ask clients to provide their consent orally (in person, by telephone), or in writing (by signing a consent form).
We may collect, use or disclose client personal information without consent only as authorized by law. For example, we may not request consent when the collection, use or disclosure is to determine suitability for an honour or award.
How do we use and disclose personal information?Watershed Watch Salmon Society collects email addresses to communicate with our donors and email subscribers. Email subscribers can unsubscribe at any time.
Credit card information, if provided by a donor, is shared with the bank, who comply with strict information privacy standards, including rules and guidelines of federal privacy legislation, and are required to destroy the information supplied after one use.
How do we safeguard personal information?We make every reasonable effort to ensure that personal information is accurate and complete. We rely on individuals to notify us if there is a change to their personal information that may affect their relationship with our organization. If you are aware of an error in our information about you, please let us know and we will correct it on request wherever possible.
We protect personal information in a manner appropriate for the sensitivity of the information. We make every reasonable effort to prevent any loss, misuse, disclosure or modification of personal information, as well as any unauthorized access to personal information.
We use appropriate security measures when destroying personal information, including permanently deleting electronic records.
We retain personal information only as long as is reasonable to fulfil the purposes for which the information was collected or for legal or business purposes.
We do not sell or exchange contact information to other charities for their fundraising.
Access to records containing personal informationIndividuals have a right to access their own personal information in a record that is in the custody or under the control of Watershed Watch Salmon Society, subject to some exceptions.
You may make a request for access to your personal information, or request a correction of an error or omission in your personal information, by writing to Trish Hall, Operations Manager at hall@watershedwatch.ca.
Google Analytics and AdwordsWe use Google Analytics advertising features which use and collect information about our website visitors’ demographics and interest areas.
We use this information solely to better understand our site visitors, and to help us connect with more people who care about wild salmon and their habitats.
We do not identify site users personally or facilitate the merging of personally identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any Google advertising product or feature without express consent (an sign up or opt-in form).
If you want to learn more about opting-out of web data collection, we encourage you to visit Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs for the web.
Questions and complaintsIf you have a question or concern about any collection, use or disclosure of personal information by Watershed Watch Salmon society, or about a request for access to your own personal information, please contact Trish Hall, Operations Manager at hall@watershedwatch.ca
Further information on privacy and your rights in regard to your personal information may be obtained from the Privacy Commissioner at:
Privacy Commissioner of Canada
112 Kent Street
Ottawa, Ontario K1A 1H3
Tel:  (613) 995-8210
Toll-Free:  1-800-282-1376
Fax: (613) 947-6859
TTY:   (613) 992-9190
Email: info@privcom.gc.ca
Web: www.privcom.gc.ca
Go to Top