https://web.iit.edu/student-affairs/handbook/fine-print/policies-regulations-and-procedures#section-j
Skip to main content
A.  Alcohol Use for Campus Events Policy
Illinois Tech students are subject to the laws of the State of Illinois. PERSONS UNDER 21 YEARS OF AGE CANNOT POSSESS OR DRINK ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES. IT IS ALSO ILLEGAL TO PROVIDE, SELL OR DISTRIBUTE ALCOHOL TO PERSONS UNDER 21 YEARS OF AGE. Inappropriate behavior resulting from the consumption of alcohol, such as disorderly conduct, intoxication and harassment, will constitute an independent violation of the Code of Conduct and will result in appropriate sanctions. As stated in Section F below, all students should review and must adhere to Illinois Tech’s Policy on Drugs and Alcohol.  Further, any student organization that will host any event (as defined in Article VI, Section G) at any location at which any alcohol will be served and/or consumed must follow the rules established in Illinois Tech’s policy governing the Serving of Alcohol, which are incorporated by this reference, at web.iit.edu/sites/web/files/departments/general-counsel/policies/procedure_c4_service_of_alcoholic_beverages.pdf.
All questions regarding the use or sale of alcohol should be directed to the Office of Student Affairs (312.567.3081).
B.  Certification of Immunization Policy
In accordance with Illinois law, all students born on or after January 1, 1957 who are taking at least half-time credit hours per semester must supply evidence documented by a health care provider of vaccination for diphtheria, tetanus, meningitis, measles, rubella and mumps and such other vaccination as the State of Illinois elects to mandate. In addition, International students must provide a recent Interferon Gamma Assay (IGRA) through TSPOT or Quantiferon Gold serum testing prior to their arrival to the United States. Blood tests must be drawn no earlier than 4 weeks prior to arrival. Immunization records must be submitted to Student Health and Wellness by or before the first day of class. A registration hold will be placed on the accounts, which will have the effect of prohibiting registration for the subsequent semester, of all students who are non-compliant with the immunization requirement. As and to the extent allowed by Illinois law, exemption from one or more of the specific requirements may be granted based on documented medical or religious reasons. Please complete and submit the appropriate exemption form, which can be found online at https://web.iit.edu/shwc. Anyone with a vaccine exemption may be excluded from Illinois Tech in the event of a measles, rubella, mumps, meningitis or diphtheria outbreak in accordance with public health law. Please contact the Student Health and Wellness Center with any questions regarding the immunization policy or requirements at 312-567-7550 or via e-mail at student.health@iit.edu.
C. Concealed Carry and Prohibition Regarding Firearms and Weapons
Illinois Tech has established a Concealed Carry and Prohibition Regarding Firearms and Weapons on Campus Policy pursuant to the 2013 Illinois Firearm Concealed Carry Act and its enabling regulations. The terms and provisions of this Policy are posted online at web.iit.edu/sites/web/files/departments/general-counsel/policies/procedure_q9_weapon_prohibition.pdf, are incorporated by this reference.
In sum, as Illinois Tech is committed to providing a safe and secure environment for the Illinois Tech community and its guests, it has established broad restrictions on the ability to carry Firearms or Weapons, concealed or otherwise, on its Campus. In short, this means that no person covered by this Policy, unless authorized by law or specifically exempted by federal or state law or this Policy, is authorized to possess a Weapon or Firearm while engaged in Illinois Tech-related business or activities or otherwise present in, on or about the Property of Illinois Tech located on the Campus.
D.  Disciplinary Proceedings Due to Receipt of Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice
If Illinois Tech receives from a content owner a notice of copyright infringement, i.e. a DMCA (Digital Millennium Copyright Act) notice, then the person to whom the Internet Protocol (IP) Address and/or computer system is registered and to which such notice is attached, shall be charged with violating Illinois Tech Procedure No. Q-3, entitled Use of Technology Resources, and its provisions regarding copyright infringement and Item 14 of the Code of Conduct.  (See Section R below and Article II, Section A of this Student Handbook, respectively.)  Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Student Handbook, a student so charged shall be subject to discipline in accordance with the following procedures:
FIRST OFFENSE: If the student has never before been referred to the Office of Community Standards for such violations, the student has the option of an “expedited resolution”.  To take advantage of this option, the student must accept responsibility for the offense, complete an on-line tutorial about copyright within 7 days of being notified of the violation and pay a fine of $100.  Once the tutorial is completed, the matter will be closed with a “P2P Warning”.
SECOND OFFENSE: If the student acknowledges that they are responsible for these violations and they have been referred to the Office of Community Standards previously for such violations, the student must, within 7 days of being notified of the violations, schedule a meeting with the Office of Community Standards to explain their behavior. Additionally, the student must pay a $200 fine and a disciplinary warning will be issued by the Office of Community Standards.  This warning will become part of the student's disciplinary file.
THIRD OFFENSE:  If the student has at least twice previously admitted to improper use of the Illinois Tech computer network (See points 1 and 2 above), the student’s access to the Illinois Tech network from the offending IP Address and/or computer can be terminated for a period of 90 days, and the student may be subject to further disciplinary action consistent with the Code of Discipline.
If the student does not believe that they have committed the alleged violations, they may submit a written appeal within 7 days of being notified of the violation to the Office of Community Standards. Upon receipt of such appeal, an official of the Office of Community Standards will review the evidence to determine whether it is reasonably supported by the facts and circumstances; the decision of the official shall be final.
If a student fails to elect one of the punishments provided for above and fails to submit an appeal, then their access to the Illinois Tech network from the offending IP Address and/or computer can automatically be terminated for a period of 90 days, and the student may be subject to further disciplinary action in accordance and consistent with the Code of Conduct.
The foregoing penalties are separate and distinct from any legal action that may be brought by a content owner or government entity.  Illinois Tech will comply with lawfully issued subpoenas from a content owner or government entity seeking to identify the individual to whom the Internet Protocol (IP) Address and/or computer system is registered.
E.  Procedures for Student Grievances Involving Charges of Discrimination
Any student at Illinois Tech who believes that they have received discriminatory treatment in violation of Illinois Tech’s stated policy of equal opportunity in education should communicate, either in writing or in person, with the Director of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action (for purposes of this Section E, the “Director”), IIT Tower, 10 W. 35th Street, 19th Floor, 312.567.3134.  It will be expected that the grievant shall have exhausted all available recourse through normal channels of communication for arriving at a resolution within the department or the organizational unit within which the discriminatory treatment is alleged to have occurred prior to lodging a formal complaint of discrimination hereunder. Such complaint shall, in any event, be filed in writing with the Director within 15 calendar days of the occurrence of the alleged treatment.  (Note: The Grievance Committee procedures outlined in Subsections 2 through 4 below are not intended to replace or to serve as a substitute for or to allow for the re-adjudication of matters that have been brought before and resolved by other recognized formal methods for addressing the grievance (as defined below), such as, but not limited to, those provided by the Code of Conduct, the Human Resources Policies and Procedures Manual and comparable methods.)
1.  Preliminary Procedures
The grievant shall prepare and present to the Director a written statement describing in detail the nature of the grievance and identifying the person, organizational unit or institutional practice or regulation against which the charge of discrimination is lodged, including the facts and circumstances that the grievant deems relevant to the charge (which will be termed the “grievance”). The Director will inquire into facts pertaining to the grievance and will make informal attempts to resolve the matter to the satisfaction of both the grievant and the person or organizational unit against which the charge of discrimination has been brought. Subject to any required legal obligations and to the extent practicable while still allowing for the investigation of the grievance, this preliminary process will be conducted with the degree of confidentiality that the aggrieved person wishes.
2.  Composition of Grievance Committee
If resolution is not accomplished by informal means, a copy of such grievance shall be sent to the individual or organizational unit alleged to have engaged in a discriminatory practice and the Director will then refer the grievance to a “Grievance Committee” to be comprised as follows:
A tenured faculty member from within the college, institute or school with which the grievant is associated, to be appointed by the Provost;
The chair of the University Faculty Council Committee on Student Affairs or a member of that committee whom the chair shall designate to act in the chair’s stead;
The chair of the University Faculty Council Committee on Academic Grievances or a member of the committee whom the chair shall designate to act in the chair’s stead;
A member of the staff from outside the college or school with which the grievant is identified, to be appointed by the Associate Vice President for Human Resources; and
A student not from the same department as the grievant, appointed by Vice Provost of Student Affairs and Dean of Students/designee after consultation with the Student Government Association.
After the grievance is disclosed to those selected to serve on the Grievance Committee, any member who believes that a conflict of interest might be inferred by their participation in hearing the specific grievance may submit to the Provost a request for replacement along with the reasons for making such request. The Provost or designee will make the decision as to whether the member should be excused from or retained on the committee. If the decision is to excuse the petitioner, a replacement will be appointed in the same manner as the person who was excused.
After composition of the Grievance Committee to hear a specific grievance has been determined, the Grievance Committee shall select a chair from among its membership.
3.  Grievance Committee Procedure
At the initial meeting of the Grievance Committee, where the chair is selected by the Committee’s members, the Grievance Committee will also establish a hearing date. The chair will communicate to the parties the date of the hearing and names of the members of the Grievance Committee.  Notice of the hearing date and members must be provided to the parties within at least five calendar days of the date for the hearing. Any involved party who believes a member of the Grievance Committee may have a conflict of interest may request that such person be excused; provided that the party must do so within two calendar days of receipt of the notice or the party will be deemed to have waived their right to so object. Such request must be submitted in writing with reasons for the request to the Provost or designee, who will decide whether or not to grant the request. If the decision is made to excuse that person, a replacement will be appointed in the same manner as the person who was excused.
Each involved party may be accompanied by an advisor of their choosing, but the advisor is limited to advising and may not participate in presenting the case, questioning witnesses, or making statements during the hearing.  At the hearing, the grievant and the involved parties will be given an opportunity to make a statement as to the facts and circumstances surrounding the alleged discriminatory practice. Each party may present any witnesses whose statements would be helpful in presenting or defending the charge. At the discretion of the Grievance Committee, additional witnesses may be granted the opportunity to make statements. The Grievance Committee may question any of the participants in the hearing, as it deems such inquiry necessary to its determination of the issues involved. An audio tape recording of the hearing will be made.  The tape will remain the property of Illinois Tech.  No other recording of the proceeding may be made.
After the hearing, the Grievance Committee will review the grievance and submit a written report to the Provost. Such determination will include a summary of the operative facts and an opinion as to the validity of the grievance. The report may include a recommendation as to any further action to be taken.
The Provost will then consider the Grievance Committee’s findings and decide on feasible and appropriate action for Illinois Tech to take in disposition of the charge. Such decision shall be communicated to the grievant, the charged party and the Director . In the event that the Provost should be named in the grievant’s charge, the President shall designate the Provost’s replacement for implementing these procedures. The decision of the Provost shall be final, except that the grievant or the charged party may request, within five calendar days of the decision’s communication, that the Provost reconsider their decision; provided, however, any such request must be based only on one or both of the following considerations: (i) the procedures outlined above were not substantially followed and such occurrence reasonably could be deemed to have impacted the outcome; and (ii) new evidence that was not available at the time of the original decision, due to no fault or lack of diligence of the grievant, has become available.
4.  General Rules
Illinois Tech will not be responsible for any expenses incurred by students pursuing any grievances.
Students will have the right to present a grievance without prejudice or retaliation.
The time limitations established herein are deemed to be binding on all parties involved and will not be waived without the written consent of all parties.
F.  Policy on Drugs and Alcohol
Illinois Tech is committed to preventing the use of illicit drugs and abuse of alcohol by members of its community.  In accordance with this commitment and in compliance with the Drug Free Schools and Campuses Act of 1989, Illinois Tech has adopted a Policy on Drugs and Alcohol that affirms its goal to maintain an environment that is free of illegal usage of drugs and alcohol.  This Policy is at the following link: web.iit.edu/sites/web/files/departments/general-counsel/policies/Drug-FreeSchoolsPolicy.pdf, and the terms of the policy are expressly incorporated into this Student Handbook by this reference.  All students are expected to comply with this Policy.  The following is intended to provide a summary introduction to this Policy as well as to establish the fine structure noted below, which is one of the sanctions that may be imposed for violations of this Policy.  In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Section F and the Policy, the Policy shall control.
Per applicable law, students receiving Title IV grants, loans, or federal work-study who are convicted of a drug offense involving illegal drugs while enrolled at Illinois Tech will lose their eligibility for such funds.
Legal sanctions. Federal and Illinois law prohibits the unlawful manufacture, possession, use or distribution of controlled substances, including, but not limited to, marijuana, narcotics, barbiturates and cocaine. Violation of such federal or Illinois law may result in arrest and conviction.  An individual so convicted may be fined and/or imprisoned in accordance with applicable federal and Illinois law.  The Policy details the specific potential sentences and/or fine that can possibly be imposed for the manufacture, possession, use or distribution of various controlled substances.  Illinois Tech reserves the right to contact the Chicago Police Department for assistance with respect to the violation of any Illinois law.  THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION OF ALCOHOL TO OR POSSESSION OF ALCOHOL BY PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 21 IS PROHIBITED UNDER ILLINOIS LAW.  A PERSON WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW MAY BE CHARGED AND PUNISHED ACCORDINGLY.
Health Risks. Individuals who use illegal drugs or abuse alcohol risk adverse physical and psychological effects. In general, such individuals may suffer from illnesses and are less productive, less reliable and more prone to accidents and absenteeism. Ingestion of drugs or alcohol by a pregnant woman may cause harm to the fetus.  A more specific explanation of the possible health effects of certain types of drugs as well as alcohol is available in the Student Health and Wellness Center and in the Policy.
Counseling. Illinois Tech has a comprehensive drug-free awareness program to inform students about the dangers of drug and alcohol use and to assist them in obtaining counseling and treatment that includes full availability of the Student Health and Wellness Center to all students for counseling and/or referral for treatment; educational programs for students, including forums, dissemination of educational materials, and awareness periods (e.g., Alcohol Awareness Week); and other programs and publications as needed. Students are encouraged to contact the Student Health and Wellness Center for information or assistance regarding drug or alcohol use. If you suspect a fellow student is involved in illegal drug or alcohol use, encourage them to seek assistance from the appropriate office.
Sanctions. Any student suspected of violating this Policy is subject to disciplinary action in accordance with the Illinois Tech Code of Conduct. Sanctions will depend upon (a) the severity of the infraction; (b) if personal injury is involved; (c) if property damage occurs; (d) whether the student is a repeat offender; and (e) if the campus learning environment is compromised. Students may also be subject to criminal prosecution where appropriate.  Further, for students, a fine structure may accompany disciplinary proceedings for all violations of the Policy.  The fine imposed must be paid in full in order for a student to continue in good academic standing, and therefore, be allowed to register for classes and receive grades. The fines are as follows:
First offense:  $50.00
Second offense:  $100.00
A third documented violation of the Policy: $250 and possible immediate suspension of campus housing privileges as well as suspension or expulsion from Illinois Tech.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Policy and in addition to any other sanction that may be imposed by the Dean of Students or their designee or the Campus Judicial Board, the housing contract of any student who either admits to or is found to have used or possessed illegal drugs in any Illinois Tech residence hall may be immediately canceled, and in such circumstance, the student must move out of the residence hall within 72 hours. The student will be financially responsible for the remainder of their room and board contract and their parents may be notified.
G. Statement of Financial Responsibility
Illinois Tech is providing you this information to ensure you understand the commitment that you are making with respect to the payment of your tuition, fees and other costs during your terms of enrollment at Illinois Tech, and by registering for courses at Illinois Tech, you are acknowledging that you have received, read and understood this information and agreed to these terms and conditions.
Your student account includes charges and credits assessed to you during your enrollment at Illinois Tech, including, without limitation, tuition, room, board, fees, expenses, health insurance premiums, financial aid credits and adjustments, payments made to your account, service charges for late payment, and various fines. You may view your student account at any time through the myIIT portal.
Each semester, a billing statement will be made available to you and such other responsible party that you designate (e.g., parent or guardian) through the myIIT portal.  The bill will detail charges, payments and other credits to your account, including the amount you must pay and the date such payment is due.  All notifications of new billing statements will be sent via email to your Illinois Tech email address. You are expected and you agree to monitor your Illinois Tech email account regularly.
If any payments that you make overpay the charges on your account, a credit will be placed on your student account to be applied toward future charges, unless you contact the Student Accounting Office to request a refund of the overpayment or you cease to be enrolled.
By registering for classes, you are expressly promising to assume and to take financial responsibility for the payment of all your education related charges and fees that become a part of your student account, when those charges are due, regardless of your expected reliance on third-party resources such as financial aid, family gifts, employer reimbursement, private loans, outside scholarship, grants, awards or sponsorships. Any balance due as the result of adjustments made to your estimated or confirmed financial aid or your refusal to apply for any or all of your financial aid or your inability to complete the financial aid verification shall be your responsibility to pay. You agree to supply the Financial Aid Office with any reasonable information or documents that they may request to complete the verification process in a timely manner.
By registering for classes, you acknowledge and agree that any outstanding balance due on your student account that is not timely paid when due is subject to service charges in the amounts or at the rates established and published by Illinois Tech from time to time and that, to the fullest extent allowed by law, you will be prevented from registering for additional courses at Illinois Tech or obtaining official documents such as diplomas or transcripts until that outstanding balance has been paid in full.  You also acknowledge that failure to pay any amount due by the due date may result in an unfavorable report with credit bureaus and collection activities against you, including litigation and that Illinois Tech has the right to recover any collection and/or litigation costs so incurred.
H.  Health Insurance Requirement Policy
All students registered for one academic credit are required to have health insurance. All students will be enrolled in the Student Health Insurance Plan (SHIP) when they register for at least one credit hour during the Fall 2020-2021 academic year. Coverage for the Fall semester will begin August 10, 2020.
The premium for the insurance will be added to student tuition and fees as a charge. To avoid this charge, a student must submit proof of comparable coverage online, before the add/drop deadline of the first semester you wish to waive coverage for at http://web.iit.edu/shwc/insurance. To be clear, the onus is on the student to demonstrate that they have comparable coverage and to make the required submission by the add/drop date.  If such information is submitted after that date, the student will be liable for the semester’s health insurance charge regardless of the fact that they may in fact have comparable coverage.
Illinois Tech requires all international students to purchase Illinois Tech's health insurance, provided through Aetna Student Health.  Waivers for comparable health insurance plans may apply. Please review our waiver policy. Please direct questions to student.health@iit.edu.
I. Media Policy
All engagements with media representatives by Illinois Tech students on campus and/or on behalf of Illinois Tech, should be coordinated with the Office of Marketing and Communications at least three full business days in advance, in order to promote and protect the public reputation of Illinois Tech, build openness and accountability, and respect the media's role. It is Illinois Tech’s responsibility to provide accurate and consistent information to the media and avoid any misunderstanding, misinterpretation, or confusion.
The Office of Marketing and Communications should be notified about all media inquiries. All Illinois Tech press releases, media notices, media outreach and advisories must be coordinated and approved by the Office of Marketing and Communications. Students have no right to invite or allow media representatives in Illinois Tech facilities or on Illinois Tech property. Media representatives may only access, use or otherwise conduct business in Illinois Tech facilities or on Illinois Tech property with the permission of the Vice President for External Affairs, or their designee.
J.  Non-Discrimination Policy
It is the intention of Illinois Tech to act in accordance with all regulations of the federal, state and local governments with respect to providing equality of opportunity in employment and in education, including, but not limited to, all student-related programs and activities, graduate and undergraduate, full-time and part-time, insofar as those regulations may pertain to Illinois Tech. Illinois Tech prohibits and will act to eliminate discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status or other statutorily protected classes.  Pursuant to the foregoing, it is the policy of Illinois Tech to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act. Furthermore, reasonable accommodations will be provided to qualified individuals with physical or mental disabilities.  Inquiries regarding reasonable accommodations should be directed to the Center for Disability Resources: 3424 S. State Street, Suite 1C3-2, Chicago, IL, Tel: 312.567.5744, TDD: 312.567.5135, Fax: 312.567.3845, disabilities@iit.edu.
Any student, applicant or employee of Illinois Tech who believes that they have received inequitable treatment because of discrimination violating Illinois Tech’s stated policy of equal opportunity in employment and in education should communicate, either in writing or in person, with the Director of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action, IIT Tower, 10 W. 35th Street, 19th Floor, 312.567.3134. See Section E above for additional details and information.
In addition, the Title IX Coordinator is responsible for monitoring Illinois Tech’s overall implementation of and compliance with Title IX, which broadly speaking prohibits discrimination or unequal treatment in educational programs and activities, including, but not limited to employment-related matters, based on sex or gender.  Accordingly, such matters or inquiries regarding the same may also be raised with the Title IX Coordinator, Virginia Foster.  Ms. Foster’s contact information is: 312-567-5725, foster@iit.edu, Room 2D7-1 of the IIT Tower, 10 West 35th Street in Chicago.  Inquiries regarding Title IX may also be directed to the Office of Civil Rights of the U.S. Department of Education, whose website is www2.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ocr/index.html.
K.   Posting Policy - Use of Bulletin Boards and Posting of Campus Wide Information
Illinois Tech provides various posting fixtures and locations that may be used to advertise organizations, programs, events and services of interest to the Illinois Tech community.  Any party so wishing to advertise is solely responsible for the content of its advertisement and must follow the policies listed below. Illinois Tech in no way endorses or approves the content of the advertisement or the program or services that a posting promotes.
1.  Guidelines
Posting must be made in compliance with the following guidelines.  Postings not in compliance with these guidelines will not be approved for posting and will be removed.  Campuses other than the Mies Campus may have additional rules and restrictions. Questions, complaints, reports of violations, or appeals regarding the policy should be directed to the Office of Student Affairs (dos@iit.edu).
All items for posting including, but not limited to, flyers, posters, table tents, leaflets, handbills or similar material must receive prior approval from the Office of Student Affairs/Campus Life. Additionally, student organization election materials are subject to these general regulations, as well as any election rules of the Office of Campus Life and/or appropriate governing organization. Postings that, in the opinion of Illinois Tech, are deemed to be offensive, indecent, or oppressive to others or that are incompatible with the educational mission or legal obligations of Illinois Tech are prohibited as are postings that contain material inconsistent with copyright, trademark and other such laws. Leaflets, handouts and table tent materials are to be related to an Illinois Tech departmental or recognized student organization activity. All postings must be in English or include an English translation. Postings that restrict opportunity or otherwise discriminate because of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status or other statutorily protected class are prohibited.
Advertisements for events sponsored by Illinois Tech departments or organizations and those taking place at Illinois Tech have posting priority. Advertisements not directly connected with Illinois Tech will be posted only as space permits. An advertisement must include the following information to be considered for posting: name of sponsoring agency, department, organization or individual; contact information in the form of phone or email; date and place of the event or meeting being announced. Programs which receive monetary allocation through the Student Activities Fund (SAF) must include “Sponsored by the Student Activities Fund” on all advertisements.
Advertisements may only be posted on bulletin boards specifically designed to hold advertisements. These include outdoor bulletin boards and those in the main concourse, classrooms, or lobbies of Illinois Tech buildings. General advertisements may not exceed 11” x 17”. Exceptions are made for banners and A-Frame posters. Some bulletin boards located near administrative, academic, or student organization offices are controlled and maintained by those departments or organizations and may not be used for general advertising without their permission. Locked bulletin boards are not available for general advertising.
Advertisements may not be posted on walls, chalkboards, windows, doors, light poles, brick, elevators, sidewalks, walkways, bathrooms, trees, fences, other signs, or vehicles. Any advertisement posted improperly will be removed immediately and discarded. The responsible party will be contacted to discuss the violation. Possible fines and further disciplinary action may be taken if appropriate. Regardless of location, overlapping, covering, removing or defacing another posting is not permitted.
Postings are generally validated through the date of the event or deadline as shown on the posting. If no date is included, the posting will be approved for two weeks. All parties must remove advertisements within two working days after the stamped expiration date. Posting of temporary, outdoor direction and information signs must be approved in advance by Illinois Tech Facilities. The sponsoring organization must remove these signs within one (1) working day of the event.
The hanging of banners is permitted only in MTCC Center Court, MTCC Commons and McCormick Student Village; A-Frames are utilized only in the MTCC for posters larger than 11x17. All banners and posters must be approved two days in advance by the Office of Student Affairs/Campus Life. Banners for posting in the MTCC Commons or Center Court may be hung only by the Campus & Conference Centers Staff.
Advertisements related to alcohol will only be accepted from Illinois Tech Dining Services, and only in relation to the Bog. Said advertisements will only be allowed in MTCC Center Court and within Hermann Hall. No other organization, department or outside party may refer to, mention or advertise alcohol in any form. This includes, but is not limited to: websites, Facebook postings and e-mail messages sponsored by Illinois Tech student organizations.
2.  Sanctions
Any party violating this policy for the first time will receive an official warning. A party violating this policy for the second time may lose posting privileges for at least one semester. Any violation may be subject to additional penalty as determined by the Office of Student Affairs.
L.  Privacy Rights and Access to Educational Records
Illinois Tech respects the rights of privacy of its students and acknowledges the responsibility to maintain confidentiality of personally identifiable educational records.
1.  FERPA - Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
Please visit web.iit.edu/registrar/ferpa for Illinois Tech’s official FERPA information, policies and procedures; such posted version is the version that will control in all instances. For general information about FERPA, please visit the U.S. Department of Education's website at www.ed.gov/policy/gen/guid/fpco/ferpa/index.html. Students can grant permission to release all or part of their record to specific individuals by completing the FERPA release form at www.iit.edu/registrar/forms/view.php?id=12197. The following is a summary description of the policies and procedures that apply to such records.
2.  Accessibility of Educational Records
Illinois Tech has adopted a policy of not disclosing personally identifiable information, other than directory information, from the educational records of a student without their prior written consent, except in the following instances:
To school officials, including teachers, within the educational institution who have a legitimate educational interest;
To officials of another school in which the student seeks or intends to enroll, provided that a documented attempt will  be  made  to  notify  the  student  of intended disclosure prior to submission of such information;
To certain authorized representatives of the United States and state agencies who require such information to carry out lawful functions;
In connection with the student’s application for, or receipt of, financial aid;
To organizations conducting studies for, or on behalf of, educational agencies or institutions, if these studies are conducted in a manner that will not permit the personal identification of students and if the information will be destroyed when no longer needed for the purpose for which it is conducted;
To accrediting organizations in order to carry out their accrediting functions;
To comply with a judicial order or lawfully issued subpoena, with, except as prohibited by law, reasonable notice to the student of the intended disclosure prior to submission of such information;
To appropriate parties in health or safety emergencies; and
To parents of dependent Illinois Tech students, as defined in Section 152 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
As may otherwise be authorized by law.
For purposes of this section, all students enrolled at Illinois Tech shall be deemed to be independent of their parents. Any parent may challenge this assumption by presentation of evidence that such student does qualify as a dependent for federal income tax purposes.
The term school officials shall include parties such as: professors; instructors; administrators; health staff; counselors; attorneys; clerical staff; trustees; members of committees and disciplinary boards; and a contractor, volunteer or other party to whom the school has outsourced institutional services or functions. A school official generally has a legitimate educational interest if the official needs to review an education record in order to fulfill their professional responsibility as an employee of Illinois Tech; provided however, the records reviewed shall be limited to those needed to fulfill the particular responsibility at issue.
3.  Student Accessibility of Educational Records
Upon written request, students and former students of Illinois Tech shall be granted access to their personally identifiable educational records originated at and maintained by Illinois Tech or submitted to Illinois Tech in connection with their admission, employment or the granting of financial assistance with the following exceptions:
Notes or records of instructors, advisors or counselors that would not be shown to any other individual except another faculty member, an advisor or a teaching assistant;
For records involving other individuals (e.g., course grade lists, disciplinary reports) only that portion applicable to the respective student will be disclosed;
Records  or  statements  supplied  by  the  individuals  within  or  outside  Illinois Tech and other educational institutions or agencies that have been submitted under the assumption of confidentiality in connection with the admission, employment or  provision  of  financial  assistance,  including  financial  statements  provided by  parents  for  purposes  of  supporting  the  student’s  application  for  financial aid; and letters of recommendation written, for which the student has signed a waiver of the right to inspect the letter; and
Records of medical or psychological tests or treatment. The student nevertheless has the right to obtain a professional explanation of information in such records and to request that the records be referred for inspection to another qualified professional of the student’s choice.
For records originating at Illinois Tech, any person or organization having the right of access to any educational record may also obtain a copy of that record at a reasonable fee. In general, Illinois Tech will not provide to anyone, other than authorized faculty and staff at Illinois Tech or as required by law, copies of any items in a student’s educational record that have been submitted by individuals or organizations outside Illinois Tech; such copies should be requested from the source from which the record originated. An exception may be made in instances when the student can demonstrate that the original record has been lost, destroyed or is otherwise unavailable (e.g., international students from schools no longer in existence or the death of a person from whom a reference was obtained). A cumulative record of all individuals or organizations other than the individual student and authorized faculty and staff at Illinois Tech who are granted access to and/or copies of a specific educational record will be maintained along with that record.  On making a request, a student may inspect the cumulative list of all those who have been granted access to their educational record.
The right to inspect educational records does not apply to applicants for admission until such time as the applicant may be admitted, has completed registration and is in attendance at Illinois Tech.
Students and former students of Illinois Tech may make an appointment to inspect individual educational records during regular office hours. To make an appointment, please contact the Office of the Registrar at 312.567.3100 or registrar@iit.edu, located at 10 W. 35th street Tower 2C8-1 Chicago IL 60616.
4.  Directory Information
Illinois Tech reserves the right, absent submission of a written request by the student to the Office of the Registrar indicating that they do not want Illinois Tech to release their directory information, to release at its own discretion the following items of directory information about any student registered during a given term. Directory information includes:
Name of student;
Date and place of birth;
Dates of attendance at Illinois Tech;
Local address, phone number and e-mail address of student;
Home address and phone number of student;
Positions held, place of employment, and extension number of students employed by Illinois Tech;
Department of specialization and educational level (undergraduate; non-degree-seeking student; graduate student in masters or Ph.D. program) and most recent institution previously attended;
Membership in officially recognized campus organizations and on teams; offices held in such organizations;
Degrees earned and special awards and recognition given, including, without limitation, Dean’s List and scholarships awarded based on academic or other achievement (as opposed to those based on need); and
Photograph of student.
Such directory information available from educational records kept by Illinois Tech may also be released concerning former students at Illinois Tech for the time during which they were registered as students at Illinois Tech.
5.  Procedures for Requesting Amendment of Educational Records
A student may request that their educational records be amended if the student believes the records contain information that is inaccurate, misleading or in violation of the student’s privacy rights.  The request should be made in writing to the Illinois Tech official maintaining the record and state specifically which part of the records should be amended and explain why the student believes such part is inaccurate, misleading or a violation of their privacy rights.  The Illinois Tech official will review the request and respond to the student within a reasonable amount of time.  If there is a decision to amend the record, the student will be informed of such in writing.
If the Illinois Tech official decides against amending the record, the student may request a hearing on the matter.  The request for a hearing must be in writing and be directed to the Registrar, who shall appoint a hearing officer to decide the matter.  The hearing officer, a disinterested person in the matter, will conduct a hearing during which the student may be assisted, but only in an advisory fashion, by an advisor of their choosing.  The hearing officer shall prepare a written decision based on the hearing, which will contain a summary of what was presented and the reasons for the decision.  The decision of the hearing officer shall be final and non-appealable. If there is a decision to amend the record, the student will be informed of such in writing. If the hearing officer denies the student’s request to amend their record, the student will be notified in writing of their right to place in the record a statement commenting on the challenged information or stating why the student disagrees with the decision.  This statement will remain a part of the student’s record along with the contested portion of the record for as long as the record is maintained.  The statement will be disclosed whenever the contested portion of the record is disclosed. Students must complete an Educational Record Amendment FERPA Form to request changes to their records, which can be found on the Registrar’s website.
6.  FERPA Complaint Procedure
Students and eligible parents have the right to file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Education concerning alleged failures by Illinois Tech to comply with requirements of FERPA. In many situations, complaints relative to FERPA can be resolved within Illinois Tech on an informal basis. Any student who wishes to discuss a FERPA complaint may contact the Office of the Registrar, located at 3424 South State Street, 2nd Floor, Chicago, IL 60616.To file a FERPA complaint with the U.S. Department of Education, contact the Office that administers FERPA at: Family Policy Compliance Office, U.S. Department of Education, 400 Maryland Avenue, SW., Washington, DC, 20202-5920. For additional information, refer to www.ed.gov/policy/gen/guid/fpco/index.html.
M. Policy and Procedures on Sexual Harassment
1. General Statement Against Sexual Harassment
Illinois Tech is committed to ensuring an environment for all members of its community that is fair, humane, and respectful - an environment that supports and rewards student, faculty and staff performance on the basis of relevant considerations such as ability and effort. Behaviors that inappropriately assert sexuality as relevant to student, faculty or staff performance damage this environment. Sexual harassment by any member of the Illinois Tech community is prohibited. Sexual harassment includes peer harassment among students, staff or faculty. Sexual harassment by a faculty member or teaching assistant of a student over whom they have authority or by a supervisor of a member of the faculty or staff can be particularly serious. Such conduct may easily create an intimidating, hostile or offensive environment.  Accordingly, Illinois Tech strives to provide for its students, faculty and staff an educational and employment environment free of sexual harassment.
2. Definition of Sexual Harassment
Sexual harassment is defined as unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors and other verbal or physical conduct or communications as defined and otherwise prohibited by local, state and federal law. Sexual harassment can be overt and unambiguous or subtle and indirect. Sexual misconduct, as defined in Section N of this Article, and Title IX Sexual Harassment, as defined in Article III, Section, are forms of sexual harassment. (As a reminder, complaints of and the investigation, adjudication and sanction of Title IX Sexual Harassment are exclusively handled pursuant to the processes and procedures set forth in Article III.) In general, sexual advances, requests for sexual favors or sexually-directed remarks constitute harassment when either::
The conduct directed against an individual persists despite its rejection; or
Submission to the conduct is used or threatened to be used as the basis for academic or employment decisions or is accompanied by an offer or reward or threats of reprisal.
Sexual harassment can take many forms. Some of these are overt and unambiguous, while others may be more subtle and indirect. Direct forms of sexual harassment include sexual assault and sexual advances accompanied by an offer or reward or threats of reprisal. Such behavior constitutes serious misconduct, and a single incident may well establish grounds for a complaint. Other forms of sexual harassment include sexual advances, physical or verbal, that are repeated and unwanted. Sexual harassment can also include behavior or a pattern of behavior that creates a hostile environment, which generally includes harassing conduct that is sufficiently severe, pervasive and objectively offensive that it alters the conditions of employment or limits, interferes with or denies educational benefits or opportunities, from both the perspectives of the person reporting harassment and from a reasonable person’s standard.
Romantic relationships that might be appropriate in other contexts may, within a university, create the appearance or fact of an abuse of power or of undue advantage. Moreover, even when both parties have consented at the outset to a romantic involvement, such consent does not preclude a subsequent charge of sexual harassment against the instructor or supervisor.
3. Possible Individual Actions Other than Complaint
With respect to students, in circumstances where it would not jeopardize personal safety, job status or academic status, a student subjected to unwelcome attention may communicate clearly to the offender that the behavior is not welcomed and should cease immediately.
Questions regarding the Sexual Harassment policy can be directed to:
The Title IX Coordinator, 312.567.5725, foster@iit.edu;
The Director of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action, 312.567.3134, miranda@iit.edu;
The Vice Provost for Student Affairs and Dean of Students, 312.567.3080, kstetz@iit.edu; or
The Assistant Dean for Academic Administration and Student Affairs at Chicago-Kent 312.906.5289, ssowle@kentlaw.iit.edu.
4. Making a Complaint; Investigatory Possibilities
A student who believes that they were subject to sexual harassment may file a complaint alleging violation(s) of this Policy with the Title IX Coordinator, or Office of Student Affairs (contact information for both is noted above), or online at www.iit.edu/incidentreport. The privacy of the student-reporting party and those accused of violating this Policy will be protected throughout proceedings to the extent possible, and proceedings, meetings and hearings concerning harassment will, consistent with the relevant policies pursuant to which they are conducted, be closed. All reasonable measures will be taken to assure that no one involved in any complaint, investigation, or remedy shall suffer retaliation as a result of the proceedings, as Illinois Tech policy expressly forbids any such retaliation.  Action will generally not be initiated without the consent of the reporting party. However, Illinois Tech must retain, and hereby retains, the right to conduct an investigation without the consent of the reporting party if it determines that such investigation is necessary to protect the interests of others or Illinois Tech or to maintain the educational environment. A reporting party who wishes to proceed with their complaint has two options: informal resolution, or formal process.
Note: Sexual misconduct (as defined in Section N below) is a form of sexual harassment, but not all sexual harassment constitutes sexual misconduct. The adjudication of claims of sexual misconduct will be handled pursuant to and in accordance with the policies and procedures applicable to sexual misconduct under Article II or, if the sexual misconduct constitutes Title IX Sexual Harassment, under Article III.
a.   Informal Resolution
Where appropriate, an informal resolution process can be used to resolve allegations of sexual harassment and, in some limited cases, sexual misconduct to stop the conduct, address the effects, and prevent its recurrence without implementing the formal action. Informal resolution is voluntary, and it must be agreed to by the relevant parties and Illinois Tech.  To this end, after consulting with the reporting party, the party alleged to have committed the harassment will be met with and be provided the written complaint or a summary thereof. A student has the right to initiate the formal resolution process at any time. The informal resolution process set forth in this Section is available only for sexual harassment or sexual misconduct that does not constitute Title IX Sexual Harassment. The implementation of this informal process will be the responsibility of the Title IX Coordinator and/or the Dean of Students, with the support of and permitted designation of duties to other Illinois Tech officials. The willingness of the parties to participate voluntarily in informal resolution will be documented.
The informal resolution process is intended to be flexible so as to allow latitude for the development and use of a process that works for the parties.  With that, it is typically expected that the party conducting the informal resolution process will meet with both parties separately with the aim of reaching a mutually agreed to resolution, but when warranted and agreed to by the parties can conduct joint meetings. A person may be accompanied by an advisor during the process, but the advisor is not permitted to speak or act for the person during the informal resolution process. If the parties reach an understanding to resolve informally the matter, their understanding will be memorialized in an agreement signed by the parties and Illinois Tech. Either party may request in writing that the informal resolution process be terminated at any time up until a written agreement for resolving the matter has been signed, upon such request the formal action will commence. Illinois Tech may, at its discretion, also commence the formal resolution process at any time. It is generally expected that the informal resolution process will be completed within 30 calendar days, but this period can be extended with the agreement of the parties..
The following is a list of examples, which list is not exhaustive, of the possible outcomes of the informal resolution process:
A Mutual No Contact Order between the parties;
Educational training for the responding party on issues related to sexual harassment or misconduct;
Volunteering at a community-based organization;
Changes and accommodations with work and living arrangements;
Assistance with requesting academic accommodations; and
An apology letter to the reporting party taking responsibility for harm caused
Once a resolution agreement has been executed by the parties, Illinois Tech will neither resume nor initiate the formal action with respect to any allegations resolved therein or arising out of the same facts or circumstances as those allegations. If a party fails to fulfill the terms of the resolution agreement, Illinois Tech may initiate a Code of Conduct violation under Article II of this Student Handbook for Failure to Comply Code of Conduct charge.
b.   Formal Action
At their option, a student reporting sexual harassment or misconduct may, at their discretion, elect to forego or to cease Informal Resolution and to proceed with Formal Action. This means that the appropriate, formal Illinois Tech policies and procedures will be utilized to investigate and resolve the complaint. In the case of student-on-student sexual harassment and in cases where the accused is a student, such policies and procedures are those provided for in this Student Handbook. If an Illinois Tech faculty or staff member experiences sexual harassment, such policies and procedures are those provided for in the Faculty Handbook and Human Resources Policies and Procedures Manual, respectively.
N. Sexual Misconduct
As provided for in Article III and noted in various sections of Article II and this Article IV, Title IX Sexual Harassment, as defined in Article III, must be complained of and investigated, adjudicated and sanctioned solely in accordance with the Title IX Sexual Harassment Process set forth in Article III. Sexual misconduct that does not qualify as Title IX Sexual Harassment may be complained of and will be investigated adjudicated and sanction in accordance with Article II.  The information provided for herein is, in large part, intended for and relevant to anyone who has experience sexual misconduct, but unless they have been expressly incorporated into the Title IX Sexual Harassment Process, the specific policy and procedural provisions in this Section N are only applicable to sexual misconduct under the Code of Conduct.
As set forth in the Code of Conduct in this Student Handbook, Illinois Tech prohibits acts of sexual misconduct, which includes sexual assault, domestic violence, dating violence, sexual exploitation, and stalking. Definitions of the foregoing terms and other relevant details, including support services and procedural considerations, are set forth in this Section N. Illinois Tech respects the fact that the decisions whether to inform authorities and which authorities to inform rests with the individual who experienced the sexual misconduct.
An individual who experienced sexual misconduct and desires to contact an authority should call the Public Safety Department (312.808.6300) or the Chicago Police Department (or relevant local police department) at 911 as soon as possible. Help can also be received from the Student Health and Wellness Center (312.567.7550), Office of Community Standards (312.567.5172), the Title IX Coordinator (312.567.5735) (See Section M above for additional details on the Title IX Coordinator), or the Office of Student Affairs (312.567.3081). Representatives from these offices are available to assist the victim in notifying law enforcement authorities if the victim so chooses. An individual who experienced sexual misconduct may also wish to contact a community-based sexual assault crisis center, and information, including names, addresses, websites and telephone numbers, for such centers is available at web.iit.edu/student-affairs/vawa-save-acts.
Under federal law, all institutions of higher education must designate those of its staff with significant responsibility for student and campus activities as "Responsible Employees". (Note: Not all Responsible Employees are actually employed by Illinois Tech.) Responsible employees have an obligation to report immediately any information they come to learn regarding suspected Sexual Misconduct; thus, these individuals cannot agree to maintain privacy or confidentiality with respect to such matters. At Illinois Tech, Responsible Employees are to report such information to the Office of Student Affairs, the Title IX Coordinator, or the Department of Public Safety. Illinois Tech has designated individuals holding the following titles/positions as Responsible Employees: the President, Provost and those designated to serve in the role of Associate or Assistant Vice Presidents/ Provosts; academic deans, directors and department chairs, including those serving in associate or assistant roles; student affairs directors; residential life personnel, including resident advisors; Greek life coordinators; athletic administrators, including directors, assistant directors, coaches, assistant coaches and trainers; student activities coordinators; faculty and staff advisors to Illinois Tech recognized student organizations; academic advisors; and Department of Public Safety staff.
Faculty and staff members who do not meet any of these criteria are not considered Responsible Employees, though all such employees, while safeguarding an individual's privacy, are encouraged to share any information that they may learn regarding Sexual Misconduct so that Illinois Tech may address the same. Confidential Advisors (as defined in Subsection 4(b) below) are also not Responsible Employees, and Confidential Advisors are the only individuals who generally have an obligation to maintain privacy and confidentiality and not to report information that they may learn regarding Sexual Misconduct.
In addition, consistent with its general crime reporting policies and procedures, members of the Illinois Tech community who become aware of a possible incident of sexual misconduct are strongly encouraged to report it immediately to the Public Safety Department and/or local law enforcement.
1. REPORTING INSTANCES OF SEXUAL MISCONDUCT
If a person accused of the sexual misconduct is an Illinois Tech student, a complaint under the Code of Conduct may be formally filed with the Office of Student Affairs, the Title IX Coordinator, or a Confidential Advisor (see Subsection 4(b) below). (Again, if the alleged sexual misconduct qualifies as Title IX Sexual Harassment, as defined in Article III, then a complainant thereof must be filed in accordance with the process set forth in Article III.) The privacy of the reporting party and responding party (the accused student) shall be protected throughout the proceedings to the extent possible, (see Subsection 4 below).
Though individuals are encouraged to come forward and report crimes, reports may be made anonymously by contacting the Public Safety Department at 312-808-6300 or filing a report at www.iit.edu/incidentreport. All reports of sexual misconduct against and by students will be reviewed by the Office of Student Affairs in collaboration with the Title IX Coordinator; however, the University's ability to investigate and to address alleged misconduct reported by anonymous sources is generally significantly limited. Accordingly, the more information that can be provided, the more thorough the investigation will likely be.
In cases of sexual misconduct, it is important to preserve relevant evidence as failure to do so could compromise any subsequent investigation, jeopardize the ability to punish the accused and/or complicate the ability to obtain an order of protection. Though the decision of whether and when to report is up to the individual who experienced the sexual misconduct, delayed reporting may make it more difficult to find and convict/discipline the accused. Thus, an individual who experienced sexual misconduct is encouraged to consider filing a report with the police; filing a report does not obligate the victim to press charges or pursue legal action. In order to preserve evidence, a victim should strongly consider obtaining an appropriate medical examination as soon as possible. Although Illinois Tech does not have the staff or facilities to do so, the emergency rooms at Mercy Hospital (2525 S. Michigan Avenue / (312) 567-2000) and University of Chicago Hospital (5841 S. Maryland Avenue / (773) 702-1000) do, including conducting a forensic examination. Such an examination often serves a valuable evidentiary purpose. Completion of a forensic examination does not require one to file a police report.
2. ORDER OF PROTECTION
If desired, one who has experienced sexual misconduct may seek an order of protection (750 ILCS 60/214) or no contact order (740 ILCS 22/101.1 et seq.) from an Illinois court. The decision to grant such an order in any particular instance is at the discretion of the court. If such an order is issued, Illinois Tech will honor it as and to the extent required by law. Additional information on orders of protection and the process for obtaining such an order is available on the website of the Cook County Clerk of the Circuit Court at www.cookcountyclerkofcourt.org/?section=SERVRESPage&SERVRESPage=orderprot.
3. PROCESS
Complaints will be investigated by staff of the Title IX Office or individuals designated by the Title IX Officer, in either case such individuals will have received training to conduct such investigations, and, if warranted, disciplinary proceedings will be initiated according to (i) the procedures outlined in the Code of Conduct as supplemented by the provisions of this Section N, or (ii) if the sexual misconduct qualifies as Title IX Sexual Harassment as defied in Article III, then the procedures set forth in Article III. In either case, the preponderance of the evidence standard will be used in all investigations and hearings pertaining to cases of sexual misconduct. Sanctions for cases of sexual misconduct will vary based on the nature and severity of the situation as well as the perpetrator's prior disciplinary history, if any. The full range of applicable sanctions is listed under Article II Section C (Conduct Sanctions) of the Code of Conduct. Pursuant to applicable policy, sanctions of suspension and expulsion are automatically stayed and referred to the Provost for review. The Provost may make any determination outlined in the applicable appeals process, and such determination shall not be subject to further appeal on the basis that the sanction imposed was inappropriate to the offense.
Notwithstanding any provision of the Code of Conduct to the contrary, sexual assaults may not be informally resolved. Further, in cases of sexual misconduct under the Code of Conduct, the reporting party and responding party will not be permitted to directly question one another, unless both such parties have agreed to such questioning in writing. In the case where such mutual agreement does not exist, each may suggest questions to be posed by the chair of the Campus Judicial Board or the Dean of Students (or designee), as the case may be. Upon request of either the reporting party or responding party, at any time during proceedings under the Code of Conduct, Illinois Tech will provide reasonable accommodations to ensure that the reporting party and responding party are separated, while still being able to hear one another. Both the reporting party and responding party (i) will have equal access to the same information to be provided pursuant to the Code of Conduct in connection with a disciplinary proceeding and (ii) will be afforded the same opportunity to participate in the process equally, meaning the reporting party will have the same rights and options as are afforded to the responding party under the Code of Conduct. Finally, consistent with the process and procedures and within the timeframes provided for in the Code of Conduct, both the reporting party and responding party will have the same right to appeal a decision made and/or sanction imposed in matters involving complaints of sexual misconduct. (Again, please consult Article III to review the processes and procedures applicable to the Title IX Sexual Harassment Process.)
4. CONFIDENTIALITY
a. General
Illinois Tech will generally seek to protect the privacy of all parties to a complaint or other report of sexual misconduct to the extent possible, and a number of the procedures outlined in this Student Handbook are intended to facilitate Illinois Tech's ability to do so. Illinois Tech will, to the extent permitted by law, also seek to ensure that the name and identifying information of an individual who has experienced sexual misconduct is not included in any publicly available records. However, when a complaint of sexual misconduct is received, Illinois Tech may well have an independent legal obligation to investigate the same and to respond in a way that limits the effects of the sexual misconduct and prevents its reoccurrence, even if the individual who experienced the sexual misconduct has elected as is his or her right, not to pursue it or has declined to cooperate.
Accordingly, subject to any additional expressed obligations or limitations set forth elsewhere in this Student Handbook, including Article III, Illinois Tech reserves the right to share information during or after an investigation with people who reasonably need to know it in order to promote campus safety; comply with law; provide for a prompt, fair and impartial resolution; and/or institute accommodations or protective measure. Such individuals may include Illinois Tech officials, faculty members, staff, investigators, Campus Judicial Board members, witnesses, the individual who experienced the sexual misconduct, and the person accused of committing such misconduct. If an individual who experienced sexual misconduct is unsure of someone's duties and abilities to maintain his or her privacy, he or she should ask the individual before speaking to them. As detailed further in Subsection 4(b) below, certain, limited staff members in certain Illinois Tech departments are generally obligated by law to maintain confidentiality, including certain licensed health professionals acting in their professional capacity; pastoral counselors, meaning individuals who are associated with a religious order or denomination, recognized by that order or denomination as people who provide confidential counseling and acting within the scope of that recognition; designated confidential advisors; and staff of local rape and domestic violence crisis centers.
b. Persons with the Legal Ability to Maintain Confidentiality
Illinois Tech's Student Health and Wellness Center has licensed health professionals who can meet with victims on a professional basis and discuss matters in confidence. Staff members of the Student Health and Wellness Center, whose official responsibilities include providing mental health counseling to members of the student body, when acting within the scope of their license or certification, are generally obligated by law to maintain confidentiality, and these individuals when so acting are not required by law to report criminal offenses, including sexual misconduct, about which they are informed.
In addition, Illinois law has established the recognized role of "Confidential Advisor", which is as an individual retained by a higher education institution that has certain mandated training and has the duty and ability to provide emergency and ongoing support to students who have experienced sexual misconduct. Illinois Tech has elected to contract for Confidential Advisor services. The provider of such services is:
Resilience, located 180 N Michigan Avenue, Suite 600, Chicago, Illinois 60601. The phone number for students needing to access Resilience's 24 hour Confidential Advisor services is 773-907-1062.
Under Illinois law, communications between a Confidential Advisor and an individual who has experienced sexual misconduct and all records related thereto are to remain confidential, unless (i) the survivor consents to a disclosure in writing, (ii) disclosure is mandated by law or court order, or (iii) failure to disclose such communication would result in a clear, imminent risk of serious physical injury to or death of the individual or another. In addition, a Confidential Advisor shall, on a monthly basis, report to Illinois Tech's Title IX Coordinator the number and type of incidents of sexual misconduct reported exclusively to the Confidential Advisor so as to permit Illinois Tech to fulfill its crime reporting obligations under state and federal law.
In the course of working with an individual who has experienced sexual misconduct, a Confidential Advisor will (i) inform him or her of the choice of possible next steps regarding reporting options and possible outcomes, whether through Illinois Tech's policies and procedures or local law enforcement; (ii) notify him or her of the resources and services available to him or her, both on and off campus; (iii) discuss with him or her orders of protection and no contact orders; (iv) provide confidential services to and have privileged, confidential communications with him or her in accordance with Section 8-804 of the Illinois Code of Civil Procedure; and (v) at his or her request, liaise with and assist in contacting and reporting to Illinois tech officials, local law enforcement or community-based sexual assault crisis centers as well as to secure accommodations (as defined below) from Illinois Tech.
5. SUPPORT OPTIONS
In an effort to advance the cause of deterrence and reduce the possibility of a student experiencing sexual misconduct, information concerning sexual misconduct, sexual misconduct prevention options and warning signs, and safe and positive options for bystander intervention is available at web.iit.edu/student-affairs/vawa-save-acts. In addition, a description of (i) Illinois Tech's ongoing sexual misconduct prevention and awareness campaigns for members of the Illinois Tech community, (ii) existing counseling, health, mental health, victim advocacy, legal assistance and other services available for victims of sexual misconduct both on campus and in the area, and (iii) options for, and available assistance in, changing academic, living, dining, transportation and working situations (collectively, "accommodations") will be made available. Illinois Tech will provide accommodations if they are so requested by the victim and if they are reasonably available under the particular circumstances. Requests for accommodations should be made to the Dean of Students (312-567-3080; MTCC, Room 209). The option to seek accommodations is available regardless of whether the victim has elected to report the crime to campus police or local law enforcement.  (A person who experiences sexual misconduct that qualifies as Title IX Sexual Harassment is entitled to Support Measures as defined and provided for in Article III.)
Upon learning that a student has experienced sexual misconduct, whether the offense occurred on or off campus, the student will be provided (and in the case of electronic reports, the reported will be responded to with) the following information in writing: (i) the possible sanctions or protective measures that could be imposed upon an individual found, after a disciplinary proceeding pursuant to the Code of Conduct or the Title IX Sexual Harassment Process, to have committed such an offense after a disciplinary proceeding; (ii) procedures an individual who has experienced sexual misconduct should consider, including, but not limited to, information about the importance of preserving evidence, to whom the alleged offense should be reported, and options regarding law enforcement and campus public safety authorities, including notifying the same, how Illinois Tech staff can assist with making such notification and the individual's right to decline to notify such authorities; (iii) the ability of an individual who has experienced sexual misconduct seek to secure an order of protection or no contact orders under Illinois law; (iv) detailed information concerning Illinois Tech's disciplinary process for cases of sexual misconduct, including the victim's rights and options thereunder; (v) information about how and to what extent Illinois Tech can and will protect the confidentiality of victims; (vi) available counseling, physical and mental health treatment options, victim advocacy, legal assistance, visa and immigration assistance, student financial aid and other services available for victims of sexual misconduct both on campus and in the area; (vii) options for, and available assistance in, changing academic, living, dining transportation and working situations (collectively, known as "accommodations") or Supportive Measures pursuant to the Title IX Sexual Harassment Process; and (viii) contact information for Illinois Tech's Title IX Coordinator, Confidential Advisors, Department of Public Safety as well as local law enforcement and community-based sexual assault crisis centers.
6. DEFINITIONS APPLICABLE TO SEXUAL MISCONDUCT UNDER THE CODE OF CONDUCT (DEFINITIONS APPLICABLE TO THE TITLE IX SEXUAL HARASSMENT PROCESS ARE SET FORTH IN ARTILCE III).
a. Consent
Consent represents the cornerstone of respectful and healthy intimate relationships. Illinois Tech strongly encourages its community members to communicate – openly, honestly and clearly – about their actions, wishes, and intentions when it comes to sexual behavior, and to do so before engaging in intimate conduct. It is always the requirement of the individual initiating sexual contact (or undertaking a new type of sexual activity) to ensure that consent is present before acting and is present during sexual activity.
When determining whether consent was present, Illinois Tech will consider whether a reasonable person in the same circumstances should have known whether the other party could or could not consent to the sexual activity. Thus, to have sex with someone who you know to be, or should have known to be incapable of making a rational, reasonable decision about a sexual situation is a violation of this policy. Consent is not present when an individual does not have the capacity to give consent, voluntarily or involuntarily, due to age (younger than 17 in Illinois), physical condition, or disability that impairs the individual's ability to give consent. Reasons why one could lack capacity to give consent due to a physical condition include, but are not limited to, incapacitation due to the consumption of drugs or alcohol (voluntarily or involuntarily) or being in a state of unconsciousness, sleep, or other state in which the person is unaware that sexual activity is occurring. To be clear, a person may appear to be giving consent but may not have the capacity to do so; in which case, the apparent consent is not effective. If there is any doubt as to another person's capacity to give consent, one should assume that the other person does not have the capacity to give consent. Being intoxicated or impaired by drugs or alcohol does not excuse one from the responsibility to obtain consent.
With the foregoing, consent means the existence of clearly understandable words or actions that manifest a knowing, active, voluntary, and present and ongoing agreement to engage in specific sexual or intimate conduct by one not suffering from incapacitation (as defined below). Consent must be all of the following:
Knowing: Consent must demonstrate that all individuals are in a state of mind to understand, to be aware of, and to agree to the "who" (same partners), "what" (same acts), "where" (same location), "when" (same time), and "how" (the same way and under the same conditions) of sexual or intimate activity.
Active: Consent must be communicated in clearly understandable words or actions that reveal one's expectations and agreement to engage in specific sexual or intimate activity. This means that silence, passivity, submission, or the lack of verbal or physical resistance (including the lack of a "no") should not - in and of itself - be understood as consent. Consent cannot be inferred by an individual's manner of dress, the giving or acceptance of gifts, the extension or acceptance of an invitation to go to a private room or location, or going on a date.
Voluntary: Consent must be freely given and cannot be the result of force (violence, physical restraint, or the presence of a weapon); threat or coercion (defined below); or fraud (misrepresentation or material omission about oneself or the present situation in order to gain permission for sexual or intimate activity).
Present and ongoing: Consent must exist at the time of the sexual or intimate activity. Consent to previous sexual or intimate activity does not imply consent to later sexual or intimate acts; similarly, consent to one type of sexual or intimate activity does not imply consent to other sexual or intimate acts. Consent may also be withdrawn at any time by the person making known, by articulated word or concrete action, his or her intention to withdraw it, and thereupon, the sexual or intimate activity should immediately cease.
Threat or Coercion: The direct or implied threat of force, violence, danger, hardship, or retribution sufficient to persuade a reasonable person one would have to submit. Coercive behavior differs from seductive behavior based on the type of pressure someone uses to get consent from another. A person's words or conduct cannot amount to coercion unless they wrongfully impair the other's freedom of will or ability to choose whether or not to engage in sexual activity. When someone makes it clear that they do not want to engage in sexual activity, that they want to stop, or they do not want to go past a certain point of sexual interaction, continued pressure beyond that point can be threatening or coercive.
Incapacitation:
i. The inability to understand the nature of the activity or to give knowing consent;
ii. The inability to understand the "who, what, when, where, and how" of a situation;
iii. When a person is sufficiently intoxicated, high, intellectually disabled or the like that the person is not capable of understanding and appreciating what is happening; or
iv. The legal inability to give effective consent because of age or declared incompetent.
b. Specific Acts of Sexual Misconduct
As set forth in the Code of Conduct, Illinois Tech prohibits sexual misconduct. Such conduct violates the community values and principles of Illinois Tech and disrupts the living, learning, and working environment for students, faculty, staff and other community members. Therefore, Illinois Tech's Code of Conduct prohibits the actions noted in the Code of Conduct as the same are defined below. An attempt to commit any such act, as well as assisting or willfully encouraging any such act, is also considered a violation of the Code of Conduct. An act may violate one or more provisions of the Code of Conduct; thus, Illinois Tech reserves the right to bring multiple charges against an individual for a single act. As circumstances warrant, a student may also be held responsible for the misconduct of his or her visitors and guests. The terms and definitions below are important components of Illinois Tech's Code of Conduct. The definitions are intended to give meaning to these terms in the context of the Illinois Tech community.
i. Sexual Assault
The following each are considered a form of sexual assault:
Sexual Penetration without Consent (e.g., rape): Any penetration of the sex organs or anus of another person when consent is not present, or any penetration of the mouth of another person with a sex organ when consent is not present. This includes penetration or intrusion, however slight, of the sex organs or anus of another person by an object or any part of the body, specifically including cunnilingus, fellatio, vaginal intercourse, and anal intercourse.
Sexual Contact without Consent (e.g., fondling): Knowingly touching or fondling a person's genitals, breasts, thighs, groin, or buttocks, or knowingly touching a person with one's own genitals, breasts or buttocks, when consent is not present. This includes contact done directly or indirectly through clothing, bodily fluids, or with an object. It also includes causing or inducing a person, when consent is not present, similarly to touch or fondle oneself or someone else.
Incest: Sexual intercourse between persons who are related to each other within the degrees wherein marriage is prohibited by the laws of the state in which the incident occurred.
Statutory Rape: Sexual intercourse with a person who is under the statutory age of consent under the laws of the state in which the incident occurred, which, under the laws of the State of Illinois, the age of consent is 17.
ii. Sexual Exploitation
Taking sexual advantage of another person for the benefit of oneself or a third party in any of the following ways or by any of the following means, including via electronic means, methods or devices, includes but not limited to:
Sexual voyeurism or permitting others to witness or observe the sexual or intimate activity of another person without that person's consent;
Indecent or lewd exposure or inducing others to expose themselves when consent is not present;
Recording or taking, without regard to any distribution, photos, imagines, video or the like of (i) any person engaged in sexual or intimate activity or who is naked or otherwise in a state of undress, (ii) who is in a private space or a place where the person has a reasonable expectation of privacy, and (iii) without that person's consent;
Distributing in any format, including electronic and via social media, and without regard to who took or created the same, sexual information or photos, images, videos or the like, of the type described in 3 above, about or of another person without that person's consent;
Recruiting, harboring, transporting, providing, or obtaining another person for the purpose of sexual exploitation;
Inducing incapacitation in another person with the intent to engage in sexual conduct, regardless of whether prohibited sexual conduct actually occurs.
iii. Stalking
The following elements constitute stalking:
Engaging in a course of conduct, meaning two or more acts, that is directed at a specific person; and
In which a perpetrator – directly, indirectly or through third parties – by any action, method, device or means, including electronic: follows, monitors, observes, surveils, threatens or communicates to or about said person or interferes with said person's property; and
Such that a reasonable person, meaning one under similar circumstances and with similar identities to the person to whom in the conduct is directed, would: fear for their safety or the safety of others; or suffer substantial emotional distress, meaning significant mental suffering or anguish regardless of whether such anguish does or does not require medical or other professional treatment or counseling.
Provide all of the foregoing elements are satisfied, the following is a non-exhaustive list of examples of acts that could constitute stalking: following a person; being or remaining in close proximity to a person; entering or remaining on or near a person's property, residence, or place of employment; using electronic devices to monitor, observe or conduct surveillance of a person; threatening, by word or deed, a person; unwelcome, incessant electronic or telephonic communication or electronic posting to or about a person; giving gifts or objects to or leaving items for a person; and interfering with or damaging a person's possessions or pets.
iv. Dating/Domestic Violence
A pattern of physical or psychological actions by one person directed at another in the context of a dating, family of household relations.  The following are an example of such acts: Intimidation; harassment; physical abuse, including hitting, slapping, shoving, grabbing, pinching, biting, hair pulling or any act that would constitute a crime of violence under state law; sexual abuse, including rape, attacks on sexual parts of the body, forcing sex after physical violence, treating one in a sexually demeaning manner, coercing or attempting to coerce any sexual contact or behavior without consent; psychological or emotional abuse, including any pattern of behavior undermining an individual's sense of self-worth or self-esteem through constant criticism, diminishing one's abilities, name-calling or damaging one's relationship with one's children; or interference with personal liberty of any person by someone in an intimate relationship, as described below.
In the case of Dating Violence, the following initiate relationships are covered: persons who have or have had a dating relationship; and persons who have or have had a social relationship of a romantic or intimate nature. The existence of such a relationship is determined based on the reporting party's statements and with consideration to the length of the relationship, the type of relationship and the frequency of interaction between persons involved in the relationship.
In the case of Domestic Violence, the following intimate relationships are covered: current and former spouses; current and former domestic partners; intimate partners or dating partners who share or formerly shared a common dwelling; persons who otherwise have a child in common or share a relationship through a child; and any other person protected by the domestic and family laws of the State of Illinois.
7. RETALIATION
Illinois Tech strictly prohibits any material adverse action against any individual for, in good faith, reporting, providing information, exercising one's rights or responsibilities under this Section N or the Code of Conduct, or otherwise being involved in the process of responding to, investigating, or addressing allegations of sexual misconduct. (The Title IX Sexual Harassment Process contains its own prohibition on retaliation. See Article III.) All reasonable measures will be taken to assure that no one involved in any complaint, investigation, or remedy suffers retaliation as a result of the proceedings. To this end, any retaliatory actions, including, but not limited to, intimidation, threats, coercion, denial of benefits or the like, against any such individual for having engaged in good faith in any of the above activities is prohibited and will be addressed in the most serious way by Illinois Tech. Anyone who suffers retaliation or is aware of possible retaliation or has other concerns regarding the response to a complaint of sexual misconduct should report such concerns to the Title IX Coordinator or the Dean of Students; either party will investigate the matter and make findings so Illinois Tech can take appropriate actions to address such conduct in a fair and impartial manner. The Title IX Coordinator may be reached at 312.567.5725 or foster@iit.edu. The Dean of Students may be reached at 312.567.3081 or dos@iit.edu
8. AMNESTY FOR SEXUAL MISCONDUCT REPORTING PARTY AND WITNESSES
Illinois Tech encourages reporting of sexual misconduct and seeks to remove any barriers to an individual making a report. To this end, Illinois Tech recognizes that an individual who was drinking or using drugs at the time of such an incident may be hesitant to make a report because of potential consequences for their own conduct. Accordingly, an individual(s) who, in good faith, reports sexual misconduct that was directed at them or another person, either as a reporting party or a third party witness, will not be subject to disciplinary action by Illinois Tech solely for their own personal consumption of alcohol or drugs.
O. Sexual Offender Registration Act Compliance
Any student who is required by the Illinois Sexual Offender Registration Act (730 ILCS 150/1 et seq.) to register is expected to do so promptly in accordance with the terms of the Act. With respect to registering with Illinois Tech, such student is to register with Illinois Tech’s Director of Public Safety (or designee), and appointments to so register may be made by contacting the Department of Public Safety at (312) 808-6300 or by visiting its office, which is located at 3424 South State Street, Suite 115. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Student Handbook to the contrary, Illinois Tech reserves the right to expel or take other disciplinary action provided for herein, including, but not limited to, temporary suspension, against any student who is required to register and fails to do so.
P.  Smoking Policy
Illinois Tech is subject to the Illinois Clean Indoor Air Act and Chicago Clean Indoor Air Ordinance, which stipulates that smoking, including the use of e-cigarettes and comparable devices, is banned in all enclosed public places and places of employment as well as student residence halls. On Illinois Tech campuses, these places include:
Any Illinois Tech residential building;
All enclosed workplaces;
The Bog and all dining facilities;
Public places;
Public restrooms, lobbies, reception areas, hallways and other common use areas in public buildings, apartment buildings and condominium buildings;
Within 25 feet of the entrance to enclosed public buildings or places; and
Recreational areas including enclosed sports arenas, stadiums, swimming pools, ice and roller rinks, arcades and bowling alleys.
Further, Illinois Tech requires students, faculty members, employees and guests wishing to smoke to do so at least 25 feet away from the entrances, windows and air intakes to any building.
Violations of the no smoking policy should be reported to the building representative who shall forward them to the appropriate administrative officer.
Q.  Student Intellectual Property
1. Work Done for Course Credit or Degree Requirement
Work done for course credit by students, including IPROs, and work done by a student as a degree requirement, including master’s theses, Ph.D. theses and comparable final projects, as such theses and projects are required to be substantially the original work of the students, are not considered university-owned for purposes of Illinois Tech’s copyright and patents policies. All such works belongs exclusively to the students, and in such situations, the fact that a faculty member may provide constructive criticisms, editorial suggestions or other forms of guidance does not change this fact, as such undertakings are a normal and customary part of a faculty member’s duties. Faculty or staff members wishing to use any such student-created work for their own purposes or for Illinois Tech purposes must obtain the student’s consent and, at a minimum, provide adequate credit to the student.
In general, if work done for course credit by students is a collaborative effort among a group of students (e.g. IPROs), meaning each such student actively participated and contributed to the creation of the work, then, each student will likely be deemed a creator/inventor of the work, and each student will have the right to use and allow others to use the work without the need to secure the consent of and without obligation to the others. Prior to commencement of a collaborative effort, participating students should consider the merits of entering into a written agreement among themselves setting forth various matters related to the ownership and use of such works, including, without limitation, how and when such work may be used. In any event, even absent an agreement, students should always give appropriate attribution to all team members involved whenever the work is used or authorized for use. The foregoing is intended as merely a general statement. Students must understand that the actual rights of each student participating in a particular collaborative effort will ultimately be determined by applicable patent, copyright or other intellectual property rights statutes and the facts and circumstances of the particular collaborative effort.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the course description contained in the Undergraduate or Graduate Bulletin clearly states language akin to the following:
“The applicable academic unit hereby gives notice of its desire to secure a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free license solely to use, at its discretion, student-created work produced in [Insert Course Name and Number], with appropriate attribution, for its own non-commercial and educational purposes, including to promote the programs of the academic unit. Unless the student submits a written notice to the Dean of the College indicating that they do not agree to grant such a license by the last regularly scheduled day of the course, then the student shall be deemed to have granted the foregoing described license.”
then the academic unit may so use work done for course credit by a student. The foregoing exception does not apply to work done by a student as a degree requirement, such as a master’s thesis, Ph.D. thesis and comparable final project.
2. Work Done with Third-Party Sponsorship
Ownership of and the right to use work created as part of a research project that is sponsored or funded by a third party, whether a government agency, foundation or corporation, generally qualifies as university research, and the ownership of and use rights associated therewith will be determined in accordance with the applicable terms and provisions of the sponsorship agreement. In such instances, the ownership of and the rights to use the work will generally vest with Illinois Tech and/or the sponsoring entity, not the student. Any invention, creation or copyrightable work, including software, stemming from a sponsored research project must be disclosed to Illinois Tech in accordance with the procedures set forth in Appendix K of the Illinois Tech Faculty Handbook. Appendix K can be found at web.iit.edu/general-counsel/faculty-handbook.
In general, because IPROs are done for course credit, IPROs are not considered sponsored or funded research projects. This means that the ownership of and the rights to use works created in connection with an IPRO are governed by the preceding Section Q(1), Work Done for Course Credit. So an entity supporting a particular IPRO would need to negotiate with the student or students that created a work to secure ownership of or the right to use a work coming out of an IPRO.
3.  Work Done Outside of Course Credit
To the extent that any work created by a student or students is other than for course credit or to satisfy a degree requirement and qualifies as “personal research”, as defined in Appendix K of the Illinois Tech Faculty Handbook, such work belongs to the student or students and any other individuals, including, but not limited to, Illinois Tech faculty members, who created it. The rights in any such work will be determined by applicable patent, copyright or other intellectual property rights statutes and the facts and circumstances of any particular collaborative effort.  As such, anyone wishing to use such work must obtain the student’s or students’ or others’ consent, which  they may grant as they deem appropriate.
To the extent that any work created by a student or students and any other individuals, including, but not limited to faculty members, is other than for course credit or to satisfy a degree requirement and qualifies as “university research”, as defined in Appendix K of the Illinois Tech Faculty Handbook, such work belongs to Illinois Tech, and the rights of the student or students and others with respect to such work are as set forth in Appendix K. Any invention, creation or copyrightable work, including software, stemming from university research must be disclosed to Illinois Tech in accordance with the procedures set forth in Appendix K. Appendix K can be found at  web.iit.edu/general-counsel/faculty-handbook.
4. Illinois Tech Policy
The rules established by this Section shall apply across all academic units of Illinois Tech. Although academic units may adopt policies that supplement, but not contradict or limit, the rules established by this Section, in the event of any conflict between the rules of this Section and the policies of an academic unit, the rules of this Section shall for all purposes govern and control.
R.  Use of Technology Resources Policy
Illinois Tech’s information technology resources are provided in the hope that all members of the Illinois Tech community will use them in a spirit of mutual cooperation. Resources are limited and must be shared. All users are required to abide by the terms and provisions of Illinois Tech’s policies regarding the Use of Technology Resources, and Use of University-Provided Mobile Internet which are incorporated by this reference, posted at  https://web.iit.edu/general-counsel/resources/policies-and-procedures, sections Q3 and Q10. In sum, use of Illinois Tech’s technology resources and access to its networks are privileges granted by Illinois Tech to authorized users and may be suspended with or without notice when, in Illinois Tech’s judgment, continued use of these resources may interfere with the work of others, place Illinois Tech or others at risk, or violate federal, state or local laws, including without limitation, those related to copyright protection, or Illinois Tech policy.
S. Prohibition Against Retaliation
Illinois Tech expressly prohibits any employee, including a student employee, or faculty member from taking any retaliatory action against a student because they, acting in good faith, (i) disclose, threaten to disclose or are about to disclose an activity, policy or practice that the student reasonably believes violates the law or Illinois Tech policy or procedures; or (ii) initiate or to initiate any complaint, process or procedure provided by Illinois Tech policies.
T. Use of Bathroom Facilities
Illinois Tech strives to create a campus environment that supports and values all members of our community. As one aspect of creating a supportive environment is providing safe, accessible and convenient bathroom facilities, students as well as staff, faculty, and campus guests should use the bathroom facilities that correspond to their sex or gender identity or utilize bathrooms that are designated gender-neutral or gender-inclusive.
U. Students with Disabilities
It is the policy of Illinois Tech to provide students with reasonable accommodations in a timely manner when such accommodations are necessary to afford goods, services, facilities, privileges, advantages or accommodations to students with disabilities, unless providing the accommodation would fundamentally alter the nature of the good, services, facilities, privileges, advantages or accommodation.  To this end, students with disabilities may request academic accommodations; housing and dining accommodations; modifications to Illinois Tech policies, rules and regulations; environmental adjustments, such as the removal of architectural, communication or transportation barriers; and/or auxiliary aids and services.  Requests for accommodations should be made to the Center for Disability Resources, and the specific procedures for the making of such request are set forth on the Center’s webpage at https://web.iit.edu/cdr/services. With respect to such requests, Illinois Tech, through the Center, will conduct, as more fully detailed on the Center’s webpage, an individualized assessment of each student to determine whether and what accommodation(s) can be made to allow students with disabilities to participate in the goods, services, facilities, privileges, advantages, and accommodations at Illinois Tech.
Any student with a disability at Illinois Tech who believes that they have received discriminatory treatment in violation of Illinois Tech’s stated policy should communicate, either in writing or in person, with the Director of Equal Opportunity & Affirmative Action, IIT Tower, 10 W. 35th Street, 19th Floor, 312.567.3134.
W. Pregnant Students
Illinois Tech is committed to creating an accessible and inclusive environment for pregnant and parenting students.  Students may request reasonable accommodations as a result of pregnancy, childbirth, or related conditions. Reasonable accommodations vary based on the student’s circumstances, but may include: academic accommodations and flexibility (such as breaks during class, excused absences, rescheduling of tests, extensions of deadlines, and alternatives to make up missed work); leaves of absences or changes in work schedules; changes to housing; or other types of accommodations.  A student seeking such an accommodation should make such request to the Center for Disability Services, which, because of its expertise in the area of accommodations, administers such requests. The specific procedures for the making such a request are set forth on the Center’s webpage at https://web.iit.edu/cdr/services.
To file a report of discrimination based on pregnancy or parental status, students should be made to Illinois Tech’s Title IX Officer, Virginia Foster. Ms. Foster’s contact information is: 312-567-5725, foster@iit.edu, Room 2D7-1 of the IIT Tower, 10 West 35th Street in Chicago.
Student Affairs
About UsHandbookMain Campus Services & FacilitiesSexual HarassmentDiscriminationThe Fine PrintCode of Academic HonestyCode of ConductConduct DisciplineTitle IX Sexual Harassment ProcessPolicies, Regulations, and ProceduresAcademic and Department RegulationsMain Campus Student Organizations: Policies and RegulationsFraternities and SororitiesStudent Travel PolicyStudent RecognitionForms & InformationResourcesVAWA / SaVE Acts