https://wecprotects.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
View WEC’s brand & logo guidelines here.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Washington Environmental Council (“WEC”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (“You” or “Users”) of our website located at http://wecprotects.org/ (“Website”).
The Types of Information WEC Collects
Non-personally identifiable information
WEC collects non-personally identifiable information about you whenever you visit our Website. Such information may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your Internet service provider, the browser you used, the time you visited the Website and which pages you viewed.
Web browser cookies and beacons
We use “cookies” and “web beacons” to enhance your experience with the Website. A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in a user’s web browser while the user is browsing that website. Every time the User loads the Website, the browser sends the cookie back to the server to notify the Website of the user’s previous activity. A web beacon (or pixel tag) is an often transparent graphic image (usually no larger than 1 pixel x 1 pixel) that is placed on a website or in an e-mail that is used to monitor the online behavior of the user visiting the Website or sending the e-mail. WEC uses cookies and web beacons to measure aggregate web statistics, such as collecting the number of Users to the Website, the number of repeat Users and the most popular webpages, the location and time when Users visit the Website, and other purposes. WEC does not use cookies or web beacons to track User activity on an individual basis. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, however, some parts of the Website may not function properly.
Personally identifiable information
WEC collects personally identifiable information (such as names, mailing addresses and email addresses) from Users when they voluntarily provide such information to us, including, for example, when Users sign up to receive our email alerts, when Users sign a form to volunteer for WEC, or when Users make a financial donation to WEC.
How WEC Uses the Information that it Collects
WEC uses Users’ personal information to better understand how Users use the Website so that WEC can improve the Website and its offerings. WEC also uses Users’ personal information for the purpose for which the Users provided the information, in other words, to provide requested information, to process a donation, or to otherwise fulfill a request. If you provide WEC with your email address and/or mailing address, WEC will add you to its email and/or mailing list, and may contact you with information that WEC thinks will be of interest to you. If at any time you wish to stop receiving communications from WEC, please follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of any email WEC sends you, or send WEC an email at info@wecprotects.org and ask to be removed from WEC distribution lists.
By providing your mobile number you consent to receive communications and messages from Washington Environmental Council and its affiliates, concerning WEC-related news, action opportunities, and other important information, including by autodialed call and text message and pre-recorded messages or messages that use an artificial voice. For text messages, carrier data and message rates may apply. You can opt out at any time by emailing info@wecprotects.org or texting “STOP” to 52886.
How WEC Protects User Information
WEC adopts appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to help protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information, but WEC cannot guarantee that your information is 100% secure. Your credit card information is stored in a manner that is PCI compliant.
Sharing Personal Information
WEC shares Users’ personally-identifiable information (such as names, mailing addresses and email addresses, but never credit card information) with Environmental Priorities Coalition, of which WEC is a member. See http://environmentalpriorities.org/. WEC does not currently share Users’ personally identifiable information with other third parties (other than as specified in this section). WEC may also share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personally identifiable information regarding Users with third parties. WEC may use third party service providers to help it operate its business and the Website or administer activities on WEC’s behalf, such as collecting donations on WEC’s behalf. WEC may share User information with these third parties for those limited purposes but WEC requires that such third parties protect the confidentiality of your information and use it for no other purpose.
WEC may also release personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or to respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant.
Third Party Websites
WEC may provide links from the Website to other websites. WEC does not control the content or links that appear on these third party websites and is not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the Website. These websites and services have their own privacy policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites that have a link to or from WEC’s Website, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies. This Privacy Policy covers only information collected through the use of WEC’s Website. In addition, WEC does not currently respond to web browser “do not track” signals.
Compliance with Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
Protecting the privacy of the young is especially important. For that reason, WEC never collects information at the Website from those WEC knows are under 13, and no part of the Website is structured to attract anyone under 13. If WEC becomes aware of having information about anyone under 13, WEC will promptly delete the information.
California Privacy Rights
If you reside in California and have provided your personally identifiable information to WEC, you may request information once per calendar year about WEC’s disclosures of certain categories of your personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to WEC at info@wecprotects.org.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
WEC may update this Privacy Policy at any time. When it does, WEC will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. WEC encourages Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about what information WEC collects and how it uses that information. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of any modifications since your last visit.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Website, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the Website. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting WEC
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or anything relating to the Website, please contact WEC at info@wecprotects.org.
[Updated: September 13, 2017]