https://wel-systems.com/policies/
Skip to content
Come to the edge ...
he said.
They said, "We are afraid".
"Come to the edge", he said.
They came. He pushed them ...
And they flew.
GUILLAUME APOLLINAIRE
Refund Policy
On purchase of eBooks/iBooks:  refund policies are set by the provider/seller of choice (ie. Amazon, Kindle, iTunes, etc.)
On purchase of audio downloads:  There are no refunds on purchase of digital audio products.
Privacy Policy
I fully support the Canadian legislation, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, in its role to protect the privacy of the individual. As such, any personal information provided is secure and will not be used for purposes other than its initial intent.
Collection and Use of Information
Your personal information is used to contact you in the course of doing business. Financial information that is collected is used to verify identity, and to bill either you or your company for products and services, as applicable. Under no circumstances will your personal information be made available to anyone.
The “Personal Information” collected may include:
Name
Address
Phone number
Credit card number and expiration date
Email address
Your email address is used for private correspondence or to send you information that you have requested. I adhere strictly to permission-based email policy. Except as mentioned above, I will not send you unsolicited email information, commercial offers or advertisements. I will not sell, rent, or loan my contact lists to any outside firms. All emails will have an option to unsubscribe. Once unsubscribe requests are fulfilled no further communications will be sent to users who have stated that they do not wish to receive the specified information.
Information Use by Third Parties
Your personal information will not be provided to third parties without your express permission or only in instances where such disclosure is necessary to process transactions or provide services that you have requested. I do not release personal information about you as an individual.
Contact Lists
All contact lists remain private and confidential.  I will not sell, rent, loan or invite external access to a customer’s contact lists.
Credit Card Information
You may choose to purchase products and services. When credit card billing is chosen, the relevant personal and billing information is obtained and maintained in accordance with government, business and banking regulations.  We do not retain or store credit card information beyond the transaction for which it is provided.
The Bottom Line
Maintaining the privacy of your information is of paramount importance as it helps foster confidence, goodwill and stronger relationships with you. If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about these privacy practices, please feel free contact me at Louise@WEL-Systems.com.
Copyright Information
WEL-Systems®, The CODE Model™, CODE Model Coach™, CODE Model Guide™, WEL-Systems Educator™, WEL-Systems Catalyst™, WEL-Systems Change Agent™, WEL-Systems Manifestation Spiral™, WEL-Systems Based Experience™, Emerging Futures™, CODE Model Coaching™, Quantum TLC™, Quantum Biological Human™, Evolution by Intention™, Bio Baby™, Androgynous Baby™, Nested Living Systems™, Iceberg of the Self™, Signals Dancing™, WELdone™, WELbeing™, WELness™, Spirals of Logic™, Mending the Past and Mining the Future™, and the logos for WEL-Systems, Portals Passages, TidePool Resources, Partners In Renewal, ProGenerations are trademarks or registered trademarks of Louise LeBrun or the WEL-Systems Institute Inc.
Trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively, "Marks") displayed on this website are registered or unregistered Marks of Site Owner or others. These Marks are the property of their respective owners, and may not be used without written permission of the owner of such Marks. Any domain names, URLs, trademarks or logos appearing on the Web site or in any Site Content are the sole property of their respective owners. Exponential Potential™ is trademarked by Anita Allen founder of the WELsprings Institute and is used with permission. The Essence of You™ is trademarked by Jackie Zirpdji founder of Transformations+ and is used with permission.
You may not modify, copy, reproduce, publish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, or commercially exploit in any way any Site Content. You may copy information for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Any information or material contained on this website which may be reproduced pursuant to these terms must bear the proprietary rights notices which originally appear on or in conjunction with such information or material.
The WEL-Systems Institute Web site, and the web sites in support of the operating divisions (Portals Passages, TidePool Resources, Partners In Renewal, ProGenderations) and all its related contents are protected by copyright.
The WEL-Systems Institute is located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
We look forward to an opportunity to engage with you soon!
Scroll to Top