https://well-labs.com/privacy/
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Last updated February, 2011
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for www.well-labs.com. The statement does not include the privacy practices for third party sites. We encourage our users who visit external sites from links within well-labs.com to read the privacy statements of those sites, as their privacy practices may differ from ours.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact us via admin -at- well-labs -dot- com or by calling 1-800-578-6985. If you prefer to write us our postal address is below.
Wellington Laboratories Inc.
345 Southgate Dr., Guelph, Ontario, Canada, N1G 3M5
Wellington’s privacy policy will inform you about:
What personally identifiable information is being collected?
How is the information being used?
With whom do we share your information?
What are cookies and how do we use them?
What choices are available to you regarding the collection, use and distribution of the information and how you can correct any inaccuracies in information?
Third party sites
What personally identifiable information is being collected?
When you visit the Wellington Laboratories’ website, in order for us to provide you with the more information regarding a question, concern or advice you have the option of filling out an online form regarding your inquiry. You are asked to provide us with personally identifiable information such as your name, phone number and e-mail address. We will store a record of your inquiry along with your e-mail address. As well, we have an optional feedback survey which is used to enhance our website and services, there is no personal information collected in this survey. In addition, our web servers track various technical details about your visit, such as your computer’s IP address and which pages you visited, however that information does not typically contain any personally identifiable information about you.
How is the information being used?
The sole purpose of the online inquiry form and the feedback survey is to improve our website to better serve your needs. The personal information given in the online inquiry form provides us with a means of contacting you regarding your inquiry.
With whom do we share your information?
It is important to note that Wellington Laboratories will never disclose your personal information with third parties. Your personal information can only be accessed by Wellington Laboratories. We will never disclose any personal information to parties outside of Wellington Laboratories without your explicit prior consent with the exception of the following:
The following are the only times at which Wellington Laboratories may disclose your personal information: upon request by a legal authority or in good faith when such action is deemed necessary (a) in order to abide by applicable laws or regulations or to intervene in a lawsuit against Wellington Laboratories; (b) in order to protect or defend the legal or property rights of Wellington Laboratories or those of its users; and (c) to intervene, under extreme circumstances, in order to protect the personal safety of Wellington Laboratories employees or the safety of the general public.
What are cookies and how do we use them?
A cookie is a block of text placed in a file on the user’s hard drive by a website you’ve visited. These types of cookies cannot identify an individual user specifically, such as by name or address, unless the cookie data is attached to personally identifiable information. Wellington Laboratories uses cookies to observe our site visitor’s navigation throughout the site. This helps us identify ways to improve our site efficiency.
What choices are available to you regarding the collection, use and distribution of the information and how you can correct any inaccuracies in information?
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future or if you have a correction or update to your e-mail, please let us know by calling, sending an e-mail, or by writing to us at the above postal address.
Third Party Sites:
The Wellington Laboratories’ website contains links to third-party websites; these are provided solely for your convenience. Clicking on these links will take you outside of the Wellington Laboratories’ website. Please be advised that Wellington Laboratories has no control over these third-party sites and, while the Wellington Laboratories’ website may feature such links, Wellington Laboratories will not, at any time, accept liability for these sites. We encourage our users who visit external sites from links within well-labs.com to read the privacy statements of those sites, as their privacy practices may differ from ours.
Wellington Laboratories Inc. offers a variety of native and mass-labelled reference standards for legacy environmental contaminants. We also provide ready-to-use calibration sets that have been designed to meet regulatory requirements for the analysis of PCDDs/PCDFs and PCBs in many countries.
GET IN TOUCH WELLINGTON LABORATORIES INC.
Phone: (519) 822-2436
Toll Free: (800) 578-6985
Fax: (519) 822-2849
Quotes and orders:
orders -at- well-labs -dot- com
General Inquiries:
info -at- well-labs -dot- com
LOCATION HEAD OFFICE
345 Southgate Dr., Guelph
Ontario, Canada, N1G 3M5
DISTRIBUTORS
For prompt service, contact the sales office or distributor located in your region.
FIND YOUR LOCAL SALES OFFICE/ DISTRIBUTOR
Scroll to top