http://wipp.energy.gov/privacy-policy.asp
privacy policy
WIPP Privacy Policy and Disclaimers
PRIVACY POLICY:
We do not collect personal information when you visit a DOE web site, unless otherwise stated, and unless you choose to provide this information to us. However, we do collect and store certain information automatically. What we collect and store automatically is:
The Internet Protocol (IP) address of the domain from which you access the Internet (i.e. 123.456.789.012), whether it is your individual IP address, or provided as a proxy by your Internet Service Provider (ISP).
The date and time you access our site.
The pages you peruse (recorded by the text and graphics files that compose that page).
The Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our site.
We use the summary statistics to help us make our site more useful to visitors, such as assessing what information is of most and least interest to visitors, and for other purposes such as determining the site’s technical design specifications and identifying system performance or problem areas.
This information is NOT shared with anyone other than the support staff to this home page, except when required by Law Enforcement investigation, and it is used only as a source of anonymous statistical information.
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY:
With respect to documents available from this server, neither the United States Government nor its agents, representatives, or contractors, makes any warranty, express or implied, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Nor do they assume any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process disclosed, or represents that its use would not infringe privately owned rights.
DISCLAIMER OF ENDORSEMENT:
Reference herein to any specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not necessarily form or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the United States Government or its agents, representatives, or contractors. The views and opinions of authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of the United States Government or its agents, representatives, or contractors, and should not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.
COPYRIGHT STATUS:
The WIPP written documents are sponsored by the U.S. Department of Energy. Accordingly, the U.S. Government retains a nonexclusive, royalty-free license to publish or reproduce these documents, or allow others to do so, for U.S. Government purposes. All documents available from this server may be protected under the U.S. and Foreign Copyright Laws. Permission to reproduce may be required.
The WIPP is not responsible for the contents of any off site pages referenced.
Please refer to the following link for additional information on the Department of Energy's Privacy Policy