https://wiris.com/en/privacy-policy
WIRIS Privacy Policy
Last Modified: July 6th 2020
Table of contents
For School Use
What does this Privacy Policy cover?
1. How do we collect your personal data?
2. What personal data do we collect?
2.1 Information that you may provide voluntarily
2.2 Information that may be collected automatically
2.3 Information that we may obtain from third party sources
3. How do we use your personal information
4. On what legal grounds do we process your personal data?
5. Who do we share your personal data with?
6. What cookies do we use?
7. What steps do we take to keep your personal data sagfe and how do we storage your personal data?
8. How long do we keep your personal data?
9. Do we host and/or transfer your personal data outside of the country you are resident?
10. Managing your Privacy preferences and your personal data rights
11. Complaints
12. Amendments to Privacy Policy
13. Previous Privacy Policies
For School Use
If you are a Teacher or School Administrator using WIRIS education tools, anywhere in the world, our extended COPPA-compliant student privacy policy applies to you and your students. Read it here!
What does this Privacy Policy cover?
This Privacy Policy, based on the GDPR (Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council), covers the information we collect about you when you use our products, services and websites. We refer to our products, services and websites as "Services" in this policy. This policy also explains your choices about how we use information about you. Your choices include how you can object to certain uses of information about you and how you can access and update certain information about you. If you do not agree with this policy, do not access or use our Services.
This Privacy Policy explains the following:
how we collect your personal data
what personal data we collect
how we use your personal data
who we share your personal data with
the rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal data.
1. How do we collect your personal data?
We collect information about you when you provide it to us and when you use our Services. We collect information about you when you input it into the Services or otherwise provide it directly to us. We may obtain personal data from you through our websites, other similar devices, channels or applications operated by or on behalf of WIRIS.
2. What personal data do we collect?
We collect personal data about you in the course of registering for and/or using our Services for example we may collect your email address.Note that, it is your responsibility to check and ensure that all information, content, material or data you provide us is correct, complete, accurate and not misleading.
2.1. Information that you may provide voluntarily
2.1.1. Content you provide through our websites and store:
You may request for information about our tools in our websites. We will ask you to fill out a form with personal data so we can respond to your request and to send you promotions of our related products and services. The fact that you do not introduce the personal data that appears as obligatory in the form could originate that we cannot attend to your request of information properly.
If you buy our products you need to register so we can deliver them to you. We may collect some necessary personal data and billing information for this purpose, and optionally your consent to receive newsletters from our Services. Payment information is managed by leading secure payment processing providers. You can find their privacy policies here: Stripe Privacy Policy and Sage Pay Privacy Policy.
2.1.2. Information you provide through Wiris Quizzes Training online Campus or Showroom:
If you enroll in Wiris Quizzes Certification to show your understanding and effective use of Wiris Quizzes or if you perform any of our training or demo courses you will be asked to register in a specific course in a Moodle administered by WIRIS. We collect the necessary personal data to register you as a user, as well as all the data you decide to add, including your answers and marks. We will share the validity of your Certification with third parties if they explicitly ask us about it, but we won't share any other information.
2.1.3. Content you provide through our products:
Some of our products will ask you for your license so we can use the features fully. Some of our products will also ask you for contact details so we can send you marketing information if you give us your consent. We may ask your contact details to subscribe to marketing communications from us, and/or to submit enquiries to us after you give us permission such as:
Contact and correspondence information (such as name and email address)
2.1.4. Information you provide through our support channels:
You may choose to submit information regarding a question or a problem you are experiencing with a Service to our support channels. You will be asked to provide contact information, a summary of the problem you are experiencing, and any other documentation, screenshots or information that would be helpful in resolving the issue.
2.2. Information that may be collected automatically
2.2.1. Content you provide through our products and demos:
When you use our Services,browsing our website, or asking for support and us having obtained your explicit permission to do so we may also collect data automatically from you and/or your device which may be considered personal data under applicable data protection laws, such as:
Data and analytics about your use of our Services
Your IP address
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies
Broad geographic location based on your IP address
Data about your use of our Services, such as in application interaction and usage metrics, troubleshooting, statistics, analytics, quality assurance, and to monitor system security and can be analyzed to that end.
2.2.2. Content you provide through our websites and store:
When you visit specific pages from our websites, we collect anonymous data about your interaction so we can improve content and our usability issues.
2.3. Information that we may obtain from third party sources
We may receive personal information about you from third party sources. For example, if you clicked on an advertisement to direct you to one of our Services we may be provided with information from which ad-network and advertising campaign the install originated from. The data that we may collect from our partners could include
Data we may receive if you link a third-party tool with our Services (such as Facebook, Apple or Google)
Demographic data (such as anonymous location)
Data to fight fraud (such as click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that our Services run on (such as to verify payment); and
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can optimise the Services we deliver to you.
We do not request or intend to collect any special or sensitive categories of personal data such as any information on health, race, religion, political opinions, sexual preferences or orientation.
Your chosen third-party social platform may automatically provide us with access to certain personal information retained by them about you, including your social platform account user ID which we may store strictly for the purpose of authenticating and retaining your account and profile preferences.
3. How do we use your personal information?
We collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable EU laws. The legal bases depend on the Services you use and how you use them. This means we collect and use your information.
to enable you to access and use the Services and provide customer support services
to personalize and improve aspects of our Services
to communicate with you,
for research, such as analysing market trends and customer demographics
to comply with legal obligations, including to prevent and/or detect fraud or provide disclosure to the authorities when required by applicable law.
Please note that you give us consent to do so for a specific purpose. We only request consent for marketing communications.
4. On what legal grounds do we process your personal data?
We will only collect and use your personal data (as described in section 3) in accordance with applicable data protection laws and GDPR. Our grounds for processing your personal data are as follows:
Consent – Where necessary we will only collect and process your personal data if you have given your clear and affirmative consent for us to do so.You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose. We only request consent for marketing communications.
Legitimate Interests –We may use and process some of your personal data where we have sensible and legitimate business grounds for doing so. it satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for license control, troubleshooting, statistics, analytics, quality assurance, and to monitor system security;
Legal obligations – We may need to process your personal data when we are required to comply with a legal obligation.
5. Who do we share your personal data with?
We don’t share the information we collect about you with third parties. We are not in the business of selling information about you to advertisers or other third parties. There are some data, though, we are obliged to share as we rely on other companies and tools to fulfill our Services. All our providers ensure the confidentiality and integrity of data with industry best practices. In any case, all shared data is strictly required for the activity to be done.
When you purchase a product your payment information is shared with our secure payment providers, Stripe and Sage Pay.
When you purchase a product your billing information is kept in our Customer Relationship Manager tool servers, SalesForce.
When you contact us with a support request your contact details and support requests are kept in our Support Ticketing tool, Zendesk.
When you use our products we keep the data we collect in our data hosting providers, Amazon and Google.
6. What cookies do we use?
Our websites use cookies, small data files that are stored in the user’s system to work. These cookies do not contain any type of personal information. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but users can change this behavior by selecting the related option.
Currently we operate an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage. If you are not happy, then you should either not use this site, or you should delete the cookies having visited the site, or you should browse the site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer and Edge, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari etc.).
You can limit, block or delete cookies using your own browser.
Internet Explorer
Edge
Firefox
Chrome
Safari
If you edit 'cookies' settings, we cannot guarantee the correct operating of the website and its functions.
Besides cookies, we use third party technologies. We use these tools to measure and improve the website content and to inform, optimize and present ads based on past visits to our websites. These tools and technologies obtain and analyze information, such as cookies, in an aggregated and anonymous manner. These cookies do not record any information that could identify a person.
Google Ads: this tool helps us publishing our ads to meaningful audiences based on the visits to our websites
Google Analytics, Hotjar: these cookies help us understand and improve our users’ experience of our websites
Google Tag Manager: a technical solution for managing the cookies detailed on this page
Facebook Pixel, Quora Pixel, Twitter, Outbrain Pixel: conversion tracking and remarketing
You can always opt out from being tracked by using one of the following options:
Google Ads preferences
Outbrain
Facebook Custom Audiences' opt out page.
Quora Pixel Opt-out Status
Twitter/Settings
Hotjar - Opt-out
Visit aboutcookies.org to get more information about managing or disabling cookies. You can also visit youronlinechoices.eu (in EU) or aboutads.info (in USA) for additional details on advertising cookies and their management.
7. What steps do we take to keep your personal data safe and how do we storage your personal data?
Your personal data’s security is very important to us. This is why, where it’s appropriate, we use HTTPS when you use our online products to help keep information about you secure. However, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure.
We use Amazon and Google data hosting service providers to host the information we collect automatically when you use the Services.
We also store aggregated data in an on-premises server. All the aggregated data we store are anonymous and we do not use this data to identify or track the users in our websites.
The information you provide to us for marketing and support purposes is managed by leading Support Ticketing ( Zendesk ) and Customer Relationship Manager ( Salesforce) systems.
All of them ensure the confidentiality and integrity of data with industry best practices.
We do our best to keep the information you disclose to us secure. However, we can't guarantee or warrant the security of any information which you send to us and you do so at your own risk. By using our Services, you accept the inherent risks of providing information online and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security.
8. How long do we keep your personal data?
Unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, we will only retain your personal data only for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement and for our legitimate business purposes, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information, as described in further detail below:
Marketing information:
We retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our Services.
Billing information:
If you are a Customer, we will keep your economic information (e.g. invoices, account entries) at least during the times set by the regulations.
Wiris Quizzes Training online Campus:
We retain your user account in our Moodle and all the content you decided to add for a reasonable period of time from the date you finished your certification.
Any other information:
Our services record certain requests and transactions in log files and in our cloud service. We retain these logs for a reasonable period of time in terms of its needs of analysis depending on their purpose: troubleshooting, statistics, analytics, quality assurance, monitor system security.
9. Do we host and/or transfer your personal data outside of the country you are resident?
Our Services are global by nature and your personal data may be hosted/transferred in/to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country. We take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in our Privacy Statement. Adequate safeguards that our partners may use include standard contractual clauses approved by EU Commission and the Privacy Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA.
10. Managing your Privacy preferences and your personal data rights
You have certain choices available to you when it comes to your data. Below is a summary of those choices, how to exercise them and any limitations.
Your Choices
You have the right to request a copy of your personal data, to object to our use of your personal data, or to request the deletion or restriction of your personal data. You can exercise your right contacting us as provided in the Contact Us section below to request assistance. For specific information, you can also exercise your right as explained below.
Your request and choices may be limited in certain cases: for example if you ask to delete personal data which we are permitted by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep. This applies, for example, to information we collected automatically when you used the services. If you have unresolved concerns, you may have the right to complain to a data protection authority in the country where you live, where you work or where you feel your rights were infringed.
User account in our websites:
You can easily modify or delete your user account from the website. To do so, login and click Delete or Modify. You can also contact us as provided in the Contact Us section below. In case of deletion, though, your payment and billing information will be kept during the times set by the regulations.
Wiris Quizzes Training online Campus and Showroom:
You can modify or completely delete your user account and all the related content in Wiris Quizzes Training online Campus or Showroom just by contacting us as provided in the Contact Us section below.
Contact details for marketing communications:
You may opt out of receiving marketing communications from us by using the unsubscribe link within each email or by contacting us as provided below to have your contact information removed from our promotional email list or registration database. You can update your information contacting us as provided in the Contact Us section below.
Any other information you provided us:
Contact us as provided in the Contact Us section below.
11. Complaints
You can lodge a complaint with your local data protection supervisory authority when you have a complaint about the use of your personal data. To make enquiries, exercise any of your rights you can contact us at privacy@wiris.com , or the address stated below:
Maths for More S.L.
Roger de Flor 221
08025 Barcelona
SPAIN
12. Amendments to Privacy Policy
Please note this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We expect most such changes to be minor, but there may be changes that are more significant. We will post those changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will also provide a more prominent notice or inform you by email. Each version will be noted at the top of the page.
Addendums
MathType Privacy Policy. Details about what information we collect and how we use that information for MathType users.
Wiris Quizzes Privacy Policy. Details about what information we collect and how we use that information for Wiris Quizzes users.
CalcMe Privacy Policy. Details about what information we collect and how we use that information for CalcMe users.
13. Previous Privacy Policies
November 5, 2019