https://wolf.org/privacy/
PrivacyYou are here: Home1 / Privacy
Privacy
The International Wolf Center is committed to protecting the privacy of users of the International Wolf Center Website. The information we collect is used to facilitate services that we provide to you. We value your privacy and will take all necessary steps to protect it.
Save
Site Content
This site may contain links to other sites outside our control. Wolf.org is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Security
Wolf.org protects your information from loss, misuse, alteration, or unauthorized disclosure by utilizing secure forms and by requiring employees with access to personal data to comply with our privacy policy.
Types of Information Collected
This site uses cookies to store personal data. This practice is in no way an effort to compromise privacy but instead simplifies site administration and site use and personalizes your web experience by recording commonly used data.
We will collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services. We collect personal data through a registration process and when you buy products and services on wolf.org. We collect information about you so you can have a more personalized experience on wolf.org.
This information may be shared within our organization for the purposes of responding to any comments or questions you submit and/or providing follow-up information about our organization. Additionally, from time to time, we may share this information with other organizations that we believe may be of interest to you or can provide services that will be of use to you.
CHOICE/OPT-OUT AND CORRECT/UPDATE
Users are given the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site. At any time, registered users may update their profile, changing their preferences for receiving communications from us and/or changing and modifying information previously provided.
This site gives users the following additional options for changing or modifying information, or removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email.
You can call the following telephone number: 763-560-7374 ext. 2280
FOR PARENTS CONCERNING PRIVACY: All material available on this site is of an educational nature. The Center believes that parents should supervise their children’s online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that may help provide a child-friendly online environment. These tools may also prevent children from disclosing online their name, address, and other personal information without parental permission.
DONOR PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy applies to collection of information, including information collected on our website.  By submitting your information to us or any of our staff, you consent to the terms and conditions of the policy and to our processing personal information for the purposes stated below.
Personal Information
Personal Information is information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, telephone number, and email address. We collect and store the personally identifiable information that you have provided us.  Here are some examples of ways in which we may collect your information:
When you request information via one of the email addresses on our website or otherwise contact us in person, by phone or email with a question.  We may then collect your name, address and email in order to respond to that inquiry.
We may collect your name, email address and other contact information if you register for an event or a prize drawing.
We may collect your name, email address, telephone number and payment information when you make a contribution or become a member, either on our website, over the phone or by mailing in a check.
We may collect your name and email address when you use the iSnap photo kiosk at the interpretive center in Ely, Minnesota or at events such as the Minnesota State Fair.
The above list provides a sample of personal information that may be collected by The International Wolf Center.  From time to time, we may collect personal information from you in ways not described above.  Access to this information is limited to staff that need the information to process contributions and distribute messages.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not sell, trade, or share your personal information, collected on the website or through any other business activities with anyone else.
We will not send you mailings on behalf of other organizations.
We will only share your personal information if you give us specific permission to do so.
We will collect payment information, billing address and other information necessary to process a donation or event registration. Once the payment has been processed, the credit card information will be destroyed/deleted.
We may use your information for International Wolf Center mailings and email messages including donation solicitations, membership renewals, newsletters, Wolf Den Store promotions, event invitations, and educational program promotions. Many of these email lists are “opt in” at the time of sharing your information. It’s easy to unsubscribe from an email list at any time.
Donations and memberships may be acknowledged in the International Wolf magazine, on plaques/banners and in the annual report. If a donor/member wishes to remain anonymous, they can indicate that desire on the check, reply device, on the electronic payment form, or by contacting the Development Director by phone, letter or email.
We will use your information to comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us, protect and defend our rights or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of others.
We will use the personal information to protect against potential fraud.  We may verify with third parties the information collected in the course of processing a gift, event registration or other donation.  If you use a credit or debit card on the website, we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us and that the card being used has not been reported lost or stolen.
You have the right to review information that we have collected about you.  To review that information please contact us in writing at International Wolf Center, Director of Development, 7100 Northland Circle N. Suite 205, Minneapolis, MN 55428.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information, we do not otherwise disclose your personal information to any third parties.  Further, The International Wolf Center will not sell or trade your personally identifiable information to any third parties.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time.  When we do, we will note the last update at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.  For changes to this policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of your personally identifiable information, we will obtain your consent before implementing the change by sending a notice to your primary email address and home address specified in our records and by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Donor Privacy Policy – Revised June 13, 2016
Upcoming Events There are no upcoming events at this time.
The International Wolf Center advances the survival of wolf populations by teaching about wolves, their relationship to wildlands and the human role in their future.
Scroll to top
Book Now