http://wonder.cdc.gov/wonder/help/faq.html
Skip directly to site content
Skip directly to page options
Skip directly to A-Z link
Skip directly to A-Z link
Skip directly to A-Z link
CDC WONDER
FAQ Help Contact Us WONDER Search
Section Navigation
TP Docs Home
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Syndicate
FAQ -- Frequently Asked Questions
This page contains answers to common questions handled by our
support staff, along with some tips and tricks that we have found
useful.
About WONDER...
What is CDC WONDER?
How do I get a quick start with using the features and screens?
How can I find a certain dataset that I heard was available
on CDC WONDER?
Why are some data requests returned right away, while other
requests take longer?
How are small data values protected to avoid revealing the
identities of individual people?
What exactly are age-adjusted rates?
How do I find the citation for data from CDC WONDER?
How do I get permission to use, share, copy or publish information from CDC WONDER?
How do I consent to the data use agreement for data in CDC WONDER?
How do I "save" a query or output in CDC WONDER, to use later or to share with others?
How do I download WONDER numerical data into statistical
software, spreadsheets, or graphical packages such as Epi Info,
on my PC?
How are implicitly related data concepts handled in WONDER?
About the Web...
How do I get web pages and documents into a word processor
on my PC?
What do I do when my browser fails to respond to commands?
How do I resolve cache setting errors reported by my browser?
Why do I get an error message when trying to connect to the Internet?
What is CDC WONDER?
CDC WONDER:
Information and Communication
Wide-ranging OnLine Data for Epidemiologic Research (WONDER) --
is an easy-to-use internet system that makes the information resources of the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) available to
public health professionals and the public at large.
It provides access to a wide array of public health information.
CDC WONDER furthers CDC's mission of health promotion and disease prevention
by speeding and simplifying access to public health information for state and local
health departments, the Public Health Service, and the academic public health community.
CDC WONDER is valuable in public health research, decision making, priority setting,
program evaluation, and resource allocation.
CDC WONDER, developed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC),
is an integrated information and communication system for public health. Its purposes are:
To promote information-driven decision making by
placing timely, useful facts in the hands of public
health practitioners and researchers, and
To provide the general public with access to
specific and detailed information from CDC.
With CDC WONDER you can:
Search for and read published documents on public health concerns,
including reports, recommendations and guidelines, articles
and statistical research data published by CDC,
as well as reference materials and bibliographies on health-related topics;
Query numeric data sets on CDC's information systems,
via "fill-in-the blank" web pages. Public-use data sets about
mortality (deaths), cancer incidence, HIV and AIDS, TB,
natality (births), census data and many other topics are available for query,
and the requested data are readily summarized and analyzed.
Produce tables, maps, charts and download tab-delimited text exports
of summary statistics.
The data is ready for use in desktop applications such as
word processors, spreadsheet programs, or
statistical and geographic analysis packages.
File formats available include web pages (HTML),
chart and map images (bitmaps]
and spreadsheet files (ASCII with Tab Separated Values).
All of these facilities are menu-driven, and
require no special computer expertise.
To learn more about our services, please
contact us,
or refer to this brief description:
About CDC WONDER.
Back to Top
How do I get a quick start with using the features and screens?
See the Quick Start Guide for help with using the functions.
Back to Top
How can I find a certain dataset that I heard was available on
CDC WONDER?
CDC WONDER's "home" page provides three ways to find the
information you are seeking:
Descriptive titles are categorized under topic and headings;
The alphabetical index includes the descriptive title,
the official name and the acronym for each data item;
The "Search" feature finds pages that contain a specific word or phrase.
We are always glad to add more data to WONDER.
Please contact us with your suggestions!
Back to Top
Why are some data requests returned right away, while other
requests take longer?
Some data requests result in very large data results sets,
and your computer may take more time to download and view the data.
The number of variables in a request also affects the response time.
For example, a database query with several specific disease code ranges
and sorted by disease or sorted by year may require more processing time.
You can increase the amount of time for the query to run
in the last section on any WONDER data request screen.
The maximum value is 10 minutes.
If
the results to
your query are not returned within 10 minutes, then please
contact us with your specific query
criteria for assistance.
Back to Top
How are small data values protected to avoid revealing the
identities of individual people?
In order to protect personal privacy, and to prevent revealing information that may identify specific individuals,
small data values are not available in some circumstances.
Incidence counts and corresponding rates and other measures are not revealed
when the count falls below a ratio of the representative demographic population.
WONDER protects small values in the following ways:
The label "Suppressed" is displayed when counts fall below the determined "cut-off" value
and the conditions for suppression are met.
Rows showing Totals and sub-totals,
are not available when only one row in the results table is suppressed
for any summarized section of the table.
If an aggregate value represents more than one suppressed row,
then sub-totals and totals are available when allowed.
If the sub-totals or total values fall within the privacy policy,
then these values are also suppressed as applicable.
The Percentage of Total column is not shown when any single row
in the results table is suppressed.
Note that not all of the
online databases report the Percentage of Total measure.
Rows that contain suppressed measures are not sorted by the actual suppressed data value.
When the results table is ordered by a column that contains suppressed values,
the suppressed values are displayed as though the value was less than zero,
instead of showing the suppressed values in the actual sequential numeric order in the table.
For example,
when data for a specific county are suppressed,
and you choose to order the data by rate,
then the row representing that county
is displayed in the rate value sequence
as though the suppressed value was less than zero.
The actual suppressed values in the hidden rows are included in the aggregate total values,
when totals and sub-totals are displayed.
The "privacy policy" defines the suppression threshold and
the specific rules that set the circumstances for when suppression is applied.
The privacy policies vary from dataset to dataset.
For example, some datasets only suppress county level data when the total population falls below a threshold value,
other datasets only suppress data for certain small demographic groups.
The policy is determined for each dataset by the data provider in compliance with federal and local privacy regulations.
For details on a specific dataset's privacy policy and suppression rules, refer to the documentation for that dataset,
or select Help on the dataset's query page.
For more information on federal privacy policies, see
Data Use Restrictions.
When a larger population, time period or geographic area is selected,
fewer values are likely to be suppressed.
Some statisticians make use of data smoothing algorithms to reduce the impact of suppressed data.
For example, please see
"The Impact of Data Suppression on Local Mortality Rates:  The Case of
CDC WONDER" by
Chetan Tiwari, Kirsten Beyer, and Gerard Rushton, published in
American Journal of Public Health, Vol. 104, No. 8: 1386-1388.
Available at
http://ajph.aphapublications.org/doi/abs/10.2105/AJPH.2014.301900.
Back to Top
What exactly are age-adjusted rates?
The rates of almost all causes of disease, injury, and death
vary by age. Age adjustment is a technique for "removing" the
effects of age from crude rates so as to allow meaningful
comparisons across populations with different underlying age
structures. For example, comparing the crude rate of heart
disease in Florida with that of California is misleading,
because the relatively older population in Florida leads
to a higher crude death rate, even if the age-specific rates
of heart disease in Florida and California were the same. For
such a comparison, age-adjusted rates are preferable.
Age-adjusted rates are calculated by applying the age-specific
rates of various populations to a single standard population. In
CDC WONDER, if you choose to age-adjust rates, you must specify
your standard population (or accept the default). It is good
practice to specify a standard is that generally similar to the
populations being compared. For example, if requesting breast
cancer mortality rates for white females in Massachusetts for the
period 1979-1991, you might specify "1985 Massachusetts white
females" as your standard population.
Back to Top
How do I find the citation for data from WONDER?
Each WONDER online database shows the suggested citation in the online "help" file,
and also on each screen that displays results for your data request.
Look near the end of
the page below your table, chart or map to find the suggested citation.
Each suggested citation shows the data source, with agency names, data set names
and specific release identification when applicable.
The date and time of your data query are also shown.
If you download data using the export feature, the citation is in the first column, below the numeric values.
When citing written material from a web page, include the web address and the date of access.
Use the web address of the first page for citing the online databases,
because addresses of the subsequent pages are dynamic after a query occurs.
Back to Top
How do I get permission to use, share, copy or publish information from WONDER?
CDC WONDER is a public service developed and operated by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,
an agency of United States federal government.
The public web site at http://wonder.cdc.gov is in the public domain,
and only provides access to public use data and information.
You may access the information freely, and use, copy, distribute or publish this information without additional or explicit permission.
Please do provide a citation to credit the authors and/or data providers.
When referring to a written article or document,
please cite the item as you would any other document on the world wide web.
Back to Top
How do I consent to the data use agreement for data in WONDER?
Any use or access of the data and information available in WONDER implies your consent to
our data use agreement.
Review the
Data Use Restrictions
carefully before using WONDER.
All data are covered by the provisions of
the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 242m(d)) .
Back to Top
How do I "save" a query or output in CDC WONDER, to use later or to share with others?
Use the Save button, located in upper right corner on the WONDER online databases,
to save your work for later, or to share a link to your work with others.
After you click the "Save" button, you will see a message telling you that
your query has been saved in the WONDER System. You can do two things:
Press Ctrl+D to Bookmark your saved page or Add it to Favorites.
This action saves the link in your web browser, so you can use it later.
When you use it later, first it sends a request with your saved query criteria.
If you clicked on the Save button on the Results,
Chart or Map tabs,
then it will stop at the page that was saved, showing the current results, chart or map.
You can also use the Share button on the message to pop up a link to the saved page.
You can send this link to others, or share the link in a web page.
When you're done, click the Resume Current Work button below the message
to return to your session with a WONDER online database.
When you use a saved request later, a message will tell you if
your saved query
pulls data from a data set that has been updated.
If the updated data are stored in a separate online database,
the message will show you to the link to the updated data.
For more information, see
"How do I save my data for later use?."
Back to Top
How do I download WONDER numerical data into statistical
software, spreadsheets, or graphical packages such as Epi Info,
on my PC?
After requesting numeric data, you may wish to load the data results
into a spreadsheet or statistical analysis program.
Most analysis software packages can load delimited simple text,
when the rows and columns are separated by tabs.
If your software has trouble importing a
delimited file,
you may wish to remove the citation and other reference
text included in the file in the first column, below the numeric values.
WONDER data requests show the results as web pages (HTML) by default.
Tab-delimited simple text format files are also available for download
with the export feature.
Back to Top
How are implicitly related data concepts handled in WONDER?
Some of the data stored in the CDC WONDER online databases have implicit relationships or connections to other data.
For example, specific counties are located within certain states and regions.
When you limit data to
Delaware and group results by County, you see data for
the counties within Delaware.
In the mortality online databases, causes of death are categorized in several ways,
such as International Classification of Disease (ICD) codes,
or as drug and alcohol-related causes,
or
as Injury Intent categories.
When data are grouped by Cause of Death specified as ICD Codes,
and also limited to the Unintentional Injuries category,
then the results show only those ICD codes that fall into the Unintentional Injuries group.
The implicit relationship between these two data fields,
ICD codes and Injury Intent,
is observed when the query is processed.
Until
May 30, 2014,
CDC WONDER only took these relationships into account for
ontologically related hierarchical data, with clearly ordinate parent-child relationships,
such as region/division/state/county and
ICD chapter/sub-chapter/code.
Now these implicit relationships are also taken into account when querying data with peer relationships,
for the following data items:
Urbanization and County (each county is assigned an Urbanization category)
Injury
Intent and specific Cause of Death as ICD Codes (each ICD Code is assigned an Injury Intent category)
Injury
Mechanism
and specific Cause of Death as ICD Codes (each ICD Code is assigned an Injury Mechanism category)
Drug / Alcohol Related Causes and specific Cause of Death as ICD Codes (each ICD Code is assigned a Drug / Alcohol
category)
NCHS Rankable Causes of death (the 113 Causes List for all ages and the 130 Causes Lists for infants)
and
specific Cause of Death as ICD Codes (each ICD Code is assigned to a category in the NCHS Rankable Causes lists)
Back to Top
How do I get web pages, pictures and documents into a word processor
on my PC?
To get a section from a web page:
Use your mouse to "click and drag" and highlight your desired selection from the page.
Then "copy" the selection, move to your word processor with the target file open,
place your cursor where the selection should go, and "paste" the selection.
The "Copy" and "Paste" commands are usually found in your web browser's
"Edit" menu at the top of the window, or found by clicking the right-hand mouse button.
To select an image, such as a map or chart, then right click your mouse
on the desired image.
A menu pops open with options to capture and copy the image.
Note that the map legends are separate image files.
Your computer may also have "short-hand" key strokes for these commands.
To get
the entire web page:
When a desired document is displayed in your browser,
click
on the "File" menu option at the top of the browser,
then select "Save As."
This action saves the web page to
a file on your computer, and you can choose the file's
name and location, and the file format.
Later, you can "open" this file with your web browser or
other software applications, such as a word processor.
If your word processor cannot load web pages (HTML file format)
then save the document as a text file.
Refer to the help feature for your computer's operating system, and
for your specific desktop applications to learn more.
Back to Top
What do I do when my browser fails to respond to commands
or seems "stuck"
loading a page?
Some large and complex data requests can take several minutes to process,
and
again take additional time and memory to download the results
and display in your web browser.
Please be patient
with complex queries, and allow up to 10 minutes.
If your web browser is unable to load a page, then exit your browser and reopen it.
If you cannot exit the web browser, try to end the process, for example
by using the "Task Manager" for a
"Windows" computer.
If the problem still persists, exit all applications and shut down
and then restart your system.
Another application you are
running may be conflicting with your browser.
We would appreciate it if you would inform us of any problems
your browser has while using CDC WONDER.
You can e-mail us at
cwus@cdc.gov.
Browser version and release information is
displayed in your browser's "About" option under the "Help" menu.
Back to Top
How do I resolve cache setting errors reported by my browser?
These problems can be resolved in your browser setup. You
should contact your Internet Service Provider or search
the help function of your browser. Here are some links to
common browsers to help you expedite a resolution.
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Netscape
Back to Top
Why do I get an error message when trying to connect to
the Internet?
These types of messages usually result from trouble
connecting to your Internet provider. You should
contact your provider's technical support for assistance.
Back to Top
What if my question isn't addressed here?
CDC WONDER is a product of Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Questions or problems regarding this web site should be directed to
cwus@cdc.gov.
This page last reviewed: Tuesday, November 19, 2019
This information is provided as technical reference material.
Please contact us at cwus@cdc.gov.
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Exit Notification/Disclaimer Policy
Close
Links with this icon
indicate that you are leaving the CDC website.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) cannot attest to the accuracy of a non-federal website.
Linking to a non-federal website does not constitute an endorsement by CDC or any of its employees of the sponsors or the information and products presented on the website.
You will be subject to the destination website's privacy policy when you follow the link.
CDC is not responsible for Section 508 compliance (accessibility) on other federal or private website.
For more information on CDC's web notification policies, see Website Disclaimers.
Cancel
Continue
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email