https://wordwellbooks.com/privacy
€
Currency
€ Euro
£ Pound Sterling
$ US Dollar
+353-1-2933568
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Categories
Home
Books
Archaeology (85)
Architecture (41)
Art History (11)
Conservation advice (11)
Ebooks (0)
Forthcoming (0)
History (36)
Specials and Bargains (26)
Show All Books
Magazines
Archaeology Ireland (26)
History Ireland (48)
Heritage Guides (24)
Show All Magazines
Subscriptions
Gift subscription (0)
History Ireland (11)
Archaeology Ireland (8)
Show All Subscriptions
Christmas Gifts
Submission Guidelines
Publishers
Wordwell Ltd (68)
Archaeology Ireland Ltd (25)
Eastwood (13)
History Publications Ltd (8)
Archaeografix (0)
Department of Arts, Heritage and the Gaeltacht (61)
National Library of Ireland (1)
National Roads Authority (4)
Office of Public Works (1)
Systems Publishing (0)
Transport Infrastructure Ireland (3)
Others (3)
Show All Publishers
My Account
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Wordwell Privacy PolicyYour PrivacyWordwell Ltd are totally committed to protecting the privacy of our site visitors and customers. Wordwell Ltd staff members are customers themselves of other Internet sites and fully appreciate and respect the importance of privacy on the Internet. We will not disclose information about our customers to third parties except where it is a necessary part of providing a service to you - e.g. arranging for a product to be sent to you. Your ConsentBy placing an order with wordwellbooks.com you consent to the collection and use of your information by Wordwell Ltd. Any changes to this document will appear on this page, keeping you up to date with our privacy policy whenever it may change. When you place an order online we will need to know your name, address and delivery address. Our payment processor will ask you for your credit card number and expiry date, this will allow you to pay for the items you have ordered and ensure that they are delivered to you at the correct address. We do not sell, rent or trade information about you. We are required by the Data Protection Act 1988 to follow strict security procedures to ensure that stored information is not accessible by unauthorized persons. Why we may request other information about you.Our aim when you visit wordwellbooks.com, is to provide you with the best and most efficient shopping experience possible. To do this we may ask you for feedback and ask questions about your preferences, in order to understand your needs and provide you with a web site that will be exciting, interesting and useful to you.  Keeping in touch...We may use the information you have submitted to contact you if we feel you may be interested in a product or service offered by Wordwell Ltd. You will be given the option to delete your personal details from our marketing database if you do not want to be contacted again. Site StatisticsWe may disclose aggregate statistics about the number of visitors to our site or number of purchases made on the site may be required for management purposes, however, you will not be identified personally in any of these statistics. Checking your detailsIf you wish to verify the details you have submitted to Wordwell Ltd you may do so by contacting us via the contact us page, telephone or the address given below. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we reveal information. This proof of identity will take the form of information submitted upon registration. What are Cookies?A cookie is a small information file that is sent to your computer and is stored on your hard drive. If you have registered with us then your computer will store an identifying cookie. You can change the settings on your browser to prevent cookies being stored on your computer without your explicit consent.Terms and ConditionsAccess to and use of the site wordwellbooks.com are subject to certain terms and conditionsContacting UsWe are always pleased to hear from our customers (even if it is a complaint!). If you have any questions or comments about this statement please do not hesitate to contact us and we will be delighted to answer any questions you may have. You can either send a message using the contact us page.Or telephone us at +353 (0)1 2947860 Or, Fax us at +353 (0) 1 2947861 Or, write to us at: Customer Services ManagerUnit 9 | 78 Furze Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18 Eircode D18 C6V6