http://www.ftc.gov/policy/advocacy/other-applications-petitions-requests
Skip navigation
You are hereHome » Policy » Advocacy » Other Applications, Petitions, and Requests
Other Applications, Petitions, and Requests
Tags:
Advertising and Marketing
Advertising and Marketing Basics
Health Claims
This list includes petitions from companies, industry groups, consumer organizations, and others asking the FTC to revise rule-makings, initiate investigations, or take other action.
#28. Petition by Compassion Over Killing, Inc., et al. Requesting that the Commission Promulgate Rulemaking Requiring All Shell Eggs Sold at Retail in the United States Be Labeled as “Free-Range Eggs,” Cage-Free Eggs,” or “Eggs from Caged Hens” According to the Particular Conditions in Which the Egg-Laying Birds Were Kept During the Production Process
Text of the December 30, 2010 Petition
Text of December 12, 2013 Commission Letter Denying the Request for Rulemaking
#27. Petition for Rulemaking by The Alliance for Natural Health USA, Durk Pearson, and Sandy Shaw for Rulemaking to Adopt Statutory and First Amendment Limits on FTC Orders Concerning Health Benefit Claims and Enact Regulations to Implement Pearson v. Shalala, 164 F.3d 650 (D.C. Cir. 1999)
Text of the April 25, 2011 Petition
#26. Request by the Organic Consumers Association (“OCA”) and All One God Faith, Inc., d/b/a Dr. Bronner’s Magic Soaps for the Federal Trade Commission to Investigate “Fair Trade Certified” Labeling of Certain Personal Care Products for Deceptive Labeling, in Violation of Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act
Text of the January 10, 2011 Petition
# 25. Request by Children Now that the Federal Trade Commission Promptly Release the Proposed Nutrition Standard for Marketing Food to Children for Public Comment
Text of the December 20, 2010 Petition
#24.  Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Washington, D.C. Petition Requesting That the Federal Trade Commission Take Enforcement Action, and Promulgate Industry Guidance and Consumer Education, Concerning Deceptive Acts and Practices in the Immigration Consulting Industry
Text of the February 3, 2009 Petition
#23.  The Center for Digital Democracy Complaint, Request for Investigation, Public Disclosure, Injunction, and Other Relief Against Google, Microsoft, QualityHealth, WebMD, Yahoo, AOL, HealthCentral, Healthline, Everyday Health, and Others In the Matter of Online Health and Pharmaceutical Marketing That Threatens Consumer Privacy and Engages in Unfair and Deceptive Practices
Text of the November 23, 2010 Petition
#22 National Electrical Manufacturers Association ("NEMA") Petition Requesting That the Effective Date of the Commission's Appliance Labeling Rule Amendments (July 19, 2011) be Amended to January 1, 2012, and That the Commission Permit Other Exceptions to the Rule
Text of the October 27, 2010 Petition
Letter from Earthjustice on Behalf of Public Citizen and Sierra Club Responding to NEMA Petition (November 15, 2010)
Letter from Natural Resources Defense Council, American Council for Energy Efficient Economy, Appliance Standards Awareness Project, and Alliance to Save Energy Responding to NEMA Petition (November 10, 2010)
#21. Petition by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ("PETA") Seeking Action Against the Scotts Company LLC for Deceptive Practices and Misleading Advertisements in Connection with the Ortho Home Defense MAX Kill & Contain Mouse Trap
Text of the July 15, 2010 Petition
#20. Center for Auto Safety, Consumers for Auto Reliability and Safety, and Carol S. Houck Petition for Investigation and Legal Action to Change Enterprise Holding's Practices in Renting to Consumers Recalled Vehicles with Unrepaired Safety Defects
Text of the August 9, 2010 Petition
#19. Petition by The Center for Democracy and Technology to the Federal Trade Commission to Investigate the Business Practices of Spokeo, Inc. – File No. P002501
Complaint and Request for Investigation, Injunction, and Other Relief
#18. Petition Filed By Consumer Action, the Center for Auto Safety, the Center for Justice and Democracy, Consumers for Auto Reliability and Safety, and the National Consumers League To Modify the Used Motor Vehicle Trade Regulation Rule, 16 C.F.R. Part 455, on an Expedited, Emergency Basis
Text of the July 2, 2009 Petition
#17. Petition of Agrium Inc. for Approval of Proposed Divestiture
Text of the August 18, 2008 Petition (Public Version)
#16. Petition of the Jewelers Vigilance Committee (JVC) and 10 Other Jewelry Industry Trade Associations Requesting that the FTC Amend the Guides for the Jewelry, Precious Metals, and Pewter Industries, 16 C.F.R. Part 23, Regarding the Use of the Term "Cultured" to Describe Laboratory-created Gemstones
Text of the December 11, 2006 Petition
#15. Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood Complaint Concerning Advertising Claims Made by BabyFirstTV
Text of the July 15, 2008 Letter and Request for Investigation
Attachment 1
Attachment 2
Attachment 3
Attachment 4
Attachment 5
Attachment 6
Attachment 7
Attachment 8
#14. American Antitrust Institute Request for Investigation of Certain Conduct Concerning the Standard for Digital Television Broadcasting Developed By The Advanced Television Systems Committee
Text of March 26, 2008 Letter and Request For Investigation
#13. The Cornucopia Institute and the National Alliance for Breastfeeding Advocacy Request for Investigation of Certain Advertising for Infant Formula Containing Docosahexaenoic Single Cell Oil (DHASCO) and Arachidonic Single Cell Oil (ARASCO), Which Are Manufactured Sources of the Fatty Acids DHA and ARA.
Text of January 24, 2008 Letter and Request for Investigation
#12. Common Sense Media Request for Investigation of the Release of "Manhunt 2" and of the Video Games Rating Process
Text of November 1, 2007 Letter and Request For Investigation
#11. Computer & Communications Industry Association Request for Investigation and Complaint for Injunctive and Other Relief With Respect to Representations Concerning Consumer Fair Use and Related Rights
Text of August 1, 2007 Letter and Request For Investigation
#10. Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood Complaint Concerning the Advertising and Promotion of PG-13-Rated Movies To Children
Text of June 28, 2007 Letter and Request for Investigation
#9. Monsanto Company Complaint Concerning Representations -- In Milk Advertising and Labeling -- Regarding Milk From Cows Supplemented With Recombinant Bovine Somatotropin ("rBST"),
and Request For Investigation
Text of February 27, 2007 Letter and Request For Investigation [PDF 6.18 MB].
First Set of Letters
Second Set of Letters
Third Set of Letters
Fourth Set of Letters
Fifth Set of Letters
Letter from The Center For Food Safety
#8. MinutePoll LLC, Petition For Continued Forbearance On Prerecorded Telemarketing Calls Within An Established Business Relationship
Text of December 1, 2006 Letter [PDF 182K].
#7. Direct Marketing Association, Request For Extension of Time for Non-Enforcement Policy Until the Adoption of Final Rules in Telemarketing Sales Rule Proceeding
Text of November 29, 2006 Letter [PDF 224K]
#6. medSageTechnologies LLC, Emergency Petition to Delay the Effective Date of Amended Section 310.4(b)(1)(v) [of the Telemarketing Sales Rule] and to Extend Forbearance from Prosecution Pursuant to [the Telemarketing Sales Rule]
Text of November 30, 2006 Letter [PDF 652K]
#5. Silverlink Communications Inc. and Eliza Corporation, Petition Requesting That the FTC Maintain Its Current Enforcement Policy [Under the Telemarketing Sales Rule] Permitting the Use of Prerecorded Messages (When There Is An Established Business Relationship) For the Narrow Subset of Health-Related Calls Made By Entties Regulated Under HIPAA
Text of November 30, 2006 Letter [PDF 496 K]
#4. Direct Marketing Association, Inc. Petition Requesting Amendment of One Aspect of the Safe Harbor for Abandoned Calls
Text of May 18, 2004 Letter [PDF 165K]
#3 U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Company Letter Describing An Advertisement It Plans to Disseminate For Revel, A Smokeless Tobacco Product
Text of July 21, 2003 Letter [PDF 666K]
#2 Philip Morris Petition for Rulemaking Concerning Tar and Nicotine Testing and Disclosure
Text of Petition for Rulemaking [PDF 2MB]
#1 U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Company Request for Advisory Opinion
Text of USSTC Request for Advisory Opinion [PDF 369K]
Text of USSTC Withdrawal of Request for Advisory Opinion [PDF 622K]
Text of USSTC Submission of New Information [PDF 4.9MB]
Advocacy
Amicus Briefs
Advocacy Filings
Other Applications, Petitions, and Requests
Economic Liberty
Military Task Force
Utility menuContact
Stay Connected
Privacy Policy
FTC en español
About the FTC
What We Do
Our History
Commissioners
Bureaus & Offices
Biographies
Budgets
Performance
Office of Inspector General
FOIA
Careers at the FTC
Office of EEO and Workplace Inclusion
News & Events
Press Releases
Commission Actions
Media Resources
Events Calendar
Speeches
Audio/Video
Social Media
Blogs
Contests
Enforcement
Cases and Proceedings
Data and Visualizations
Premerger Notification Program
Merger Review
Anticompetitive Practices
Rules
Statutes
Guidance Documents
Warning Letters
Consumer Sentinel Network
Criminal Liaison Unit
Policy
Advocacy
Advisory Opinions
Cooperation Agreements
Federal Register Notices
Reports
Public Comments
Studies
Testimony
Policy Statements
International
Hearings on Competition & Consumer Protection
Tips & Advice
For Consumers
For Military Consumers
Business Center
Competition Guidance
I Would Like To...
Report Fraud to the FTC
Apply for a Refund in an FTC Case
Report Identity Theft
List a Number on the National Do Not Call Registry
Get a Free Copy of My Credit Report
File a Comment
Report An Antitrust Violation
File Documents in Adjudicative Proceedings
Site Information
Privacy Policy
Website Policy
No FEAR Act
USA.gov
Accessibility
Digital Government Strategy
Open Government
Information Quality
Small Business Non-Retaliation Policy
Federal Trade CommissionHeadquarters:
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580Contact Us
FacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedInStay Connected
Stay Connected with the FTC