https://www.aotearoa.co.nz/privacy-policy/
Please have a read through of our small print for your peace of mind. Feel free to email us if you have any questions regarding us or our site.Thank you!Please find our TERMS AND CONDITIONS here.Our small printOutstanding Customer Service is extremely important to us. Feedback and comments from our clients and visitors.GiftsAll gifts are made in New Zealand, unless stated otherwise; we feature some artworks and gifts from the Pacific (tapa cloth from Samoa / Tonga).CostOur prices are in New Zealand dollars. All prices are inclusive of 15% GST (VAT). Overseas orders are GST exempt. We also added a LOT of different currencies so you can check the costs in your own currency.Prices may change without prior notice (eg commissions), but you will be advised when you place an order. We ALWAYS email you with total cost before we process your order.We DON’T add a surcharge when you pay by credit card.PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. We do not give out your information to others. We keep your personal details on file for future orders and welcome clients to surf back into our site.SecurityWe offer secure on-line ordering. It is safe for you to submit your contact details and credit card details. We are happy to take Visa, Mastercard and Amex.We can also take POLi Pay for New Zealand based orders. Pay online safely and securely without a credit card. Free to use – just use your Internet Banking.Banks you can use are: ASB, ANZ, BNZ, Kiwibank, TSB Bank and Westpac.ShippingAotearoa.co.nz ships anywhere in the world.We process your order and payment when we receive your order. You will receive an order confirmation by email with the total cost, plus postage/packaging. We can usually ship your order on the day (or the next business day).If we receive your order in the weekend or on a public holiday, we will send your order on the next business day.If the product is not in stock, we will advise you and we will keep you posted about the status of your order.Shipping costs are for international shipping by International Post (NZ Post) It takes 4-10 working days to arrive at your place.Please refer to our order information of the item you wish to purchase. We will give you a quote before processing your order so you will know what you will pay. In some cases there is no extra charge for ordering extra items (bone carvings, greenstone carvings, Pacific pearl shell carvings, selected jewellery items).International Courier can be arranged. Please note price might be slightly different due to where your parcel is going (also there might be a difference due to the value of the US$).Please note that greenstone needs to be sent by International Courier as greenstone is classified as a ‘precious stone’. When you go to the check-out, the courier cost will show up. Cost. Prices are in New Zealand dollars. Overseas orders are GST exempt and 15% will be deducted.Prices may change without prior notice (eg commissions), but you will be advised when you place an order.CustomsWhen you purchase from overseas, you are considered an importer and you may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once a shipment reaches your country… Please check with Customs of your country.Return Policy & GuaranteeIf, for some reason, you are not happy with your purchase, we offer you a full 30-day money-back guarantee (not including shipping costs).Or if for some reason, your purchase is damaged, we will offer you a replacement, refund or credit. It’s up to you. Please send the damaged item back, and we will organise a new item at no extra cost, a full refund or a credit. Just let us know.CancellationIf you do wish to cancel your order, you can. We are very flexible, however, please email us as soon as possible. Please note that if we have processed your payment before you cancel, we will deduct the merchant fees from your refund.CommissionsYes, we do receive requests for commissioned work and are happy to organise a commissioned artwork, carving, print, jewellery item, or any other product you like. Please note that we cannot offer refunds for commissions, so be sure you really want it.FeedbackWe welcome feedback… anytime… We welcome suggestions… we welcome you… we welcome your orders… we welcome your return visit… Email us with your feedback, comments, suggestions…NewsletterWhen you order from us, we will automatically subscribe you to our newsletter, unless you specifically request NOT to be on our mailing list. You can unsubscribe at any time.We are: Aotearoa.co.nz Goina Thedinga Devonport Auckland 0624 New Zealand Ph: +64 9 445 2943 Mobile: +64 21 800 445 email: goina@aotearoa.co.nzWe are a member of the Auckland Chamber of CommerceWe choose to do our banking through FastNet from the ASBThank you.
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Refund policyWebsite development by Graphic Detail Ltd. Copyright 2019.