https://www.meteorite-recon.com/privacy-policy
Meteorite Recon | Privacy Policy
Meteorite search expedtions into continental deserts, meteorite features, collection specimens and photography
Meteorites, Meteorite, meteoritic, iron, meteorites, photos, pictures, in situ, strewnfield, strewn field, impact, fall, finds, Meteorite searching
5999
privacy-policy,page-template-default,page,page-id-5999,cookies-not-set,eltd-core-1.0.1,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,borderland-ver-1.8, vertical_menu_with_scroll,smooth_scroll,paspartu_enabled,paspartu_on_top_fixed,paspartu_on_bottom_fixed,transparent_content,grid_1300,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-6.0.3,vc_responsive,elementor-default
Privacy Policy
At Meteorite Recon, we’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy explains when and why we collect personal information about you, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others, how we keep it safe and secure and your rights and choices in relation to your information.
Any questions regarding this policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to info@meteorite-recon.com or by writing to Svend Buhl. Meteorite Recon, Salinenstraße 2a, 23843 Bad Oldesloe, Germany. Alternatively, you can telephone at +49 (0)178 798 50 82
Who are we?
We’re Meteorite Recon, an information website about meteorite prospection in continental deserts, meteorite research and photography.
In this policy ‘Meteorite Recon, ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’ means Svend Buhl or Meteorite Recon, Salinenstraße 2a, 23843 Bad Oldesloe, Germany
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you in the following ways:
Information you give us directly
For example, we may obtain information about you when you write us an email or use the contact form to contact us.
Information you give us indirectly
Your information may be shared with us by third parties, which might include:
subcontractors acting on our behalf who provide us with technical, payment or delivery services, or search information providers.
you should check any privacy policy provided to you where you give your data to a third party.
When you visit this website
We, like many companies, automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the type of device you’re using, the IP address, browser and operating system being used to connect your computer to the internet. This information may be used to improve the services we offer.
information about your visit to this website, for example we collect information about pages you visit and how you navigate the website, i.e. length of visits to certain pages, products and services you viewed and searched for, referral sources (e.g. how you arrived at our website).
We collect and use your personal information by using cookies on our website – more information on cookies can be found under the ‘Use of Cookies’ section below.
Social Media
When you interact with us on social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter we may obtain information about you (for example, when you publicly tag us in a photo). The information we receive will depend on the privacy preferences you have set on those types of platforms.
Public Information
We supplement information, e.g. on our suppliers, with information from publicly available sources such as scientific articles, corporate websites, public social media accounts, to create a fuller understanding of meteorite-related information, or to obtain information on your goods and services.
Comments
We don’t enable comments, no data is collected this way.
Media
We don’t enable image uploads, so you don’t need to worry about this either.
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect, store and use might include:
your name and contact details (including postal address, email address and telephone number),
information about your activities on our website and about the device used to access it, for instance your IP address and geographical location;
your bank details, for example if we purchase a meteoritic sample from you.
Data protection laws recognise certain categories of personal information as sensitive and therefore requiring greater protection, for example information about your health, ethnicity and religion. We do not collect this sort of data about you.
How and why is your information used?
We may use your information for a number of different purposes, which may include:
providing you with the services, products or information you asked for.
processing orders that you have submitted;
carrying out our obligations under any contracts entered into between you and us;
submitting scientific papers to editors or for review or publication
conducting analysis and market research so we can understand how we can improve our services, products or information;
seeking your views or comments on the services we provide;
sending you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you. These may include information about meteor sightings or find reports of meteorites, including data on the finder.
How long is your information kept for?
We keep your information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes it was collected for. The length of time we retain your personal information for is determined by operational and legal considerations. For example, we are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory and regulatory obligations (e.g. customs, tax/accounting purposes).
We review our retention periods on a regular basis.
Who has access to your information?
We do not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We do not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
However, we may disclose your information to third parties in order to achieve the other purposes set out in this policy. These third parties may include:
Third parties working on our behalf: We may pass your information to our third party service providers, suppliers, agents, subcontractors, webhosters and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example shipping services to process a delivery). However, when we use these third parties, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the services and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and prevents them from using it for their own direct marketing purposes. Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties for them to use for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime.
Tax or customs departments: We may transfer your personal information to tax or customs departments in order to fulfil our lawful obligations to these parties. However, when we submit data to these instances, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to fulfil our lawful obligations.
Lawful Processing
Data protection law requires us to rely on one or more lawful grounds to process your personal information. We consider the following grounds to be relevant:
Specific Consent
Where you have provided specific consent to us using your personal information in a certain way, such as to send you an email or text you, or contact you via social media.
Performance of a contract
Where we are entering into a contract with you or performing our obligations under it like when you buy Meteorite Recon products and services.
Legal obligation
Where necessary so that we can comply with a legal or regulatory obligation to which we are subject, for example where we are ordered by a court or regulatory authority like tax or customs departments.
Vital interests
Where it is necessary to protect life or health (for example in the case of medical emergency suffered by an individual during one of our expeditions) or a safeguarding issue which requires us to share you information with the emergency services.
Legitimate interests
Where it is reasonably necessary to achieve our or others’ legitimate interests (as long as what the information is used for is fair and does not duly impact your rights).
We consider our legitimate interests to be running Meteorite Recon as an informational resource with the objective to enhance the knowledge and science on meteorites. For example to:
collect, analyse and interprete information that you provide us with by reporting a meteorite fall or find
enhance, modify, personalise or otherwise improve our services /communications for the benefit of our users; and
understand better how people interact with our website.
When we legitimately process your personal information in this way, we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative), and your rights under data protection laws. We will not use your personal information where our interests are overridden by the impact on you, for example, where use would be excessively intrusive (unless, for instance, we are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
Fundraising and Marketing Communications
We will not use your personal information for marketing purposes. We do not send out pro-active, unasked for communications by email, text and telephone or post, so your data will not be used for these purposes.
Building Profiles
Since we do not do any pro-active marketing, we also do not analyse personal information. We also do not create a profile of your interests and preferences to target our communications. We do may use your personal information to detect and reduce fraud and credit risk.
Your Rights
Under the German data protection law, you have certain rights over the personal information that we hold about you. Here is a summary of the rights that we think apply:
Right of access
You have a right to request access to the personal data that we hold about you. You also have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you, and we will provide you with this unless legal exceptions apply.
If you want to access your information, please send a description of the information you want to see and proof of your identity by post to the address provided below.
Right to have your inaccurate personal information corrected
You have the right to have inaccurate or incomplete information we hold about you corrected. The accuracy of your information is important to us so we’re working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information that we hold about you. In the meantime, if you change email address, or if you believe any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please contact us via email or post (see below).
Right to restrict use
You have a right to ask us to restrict the processing of some or all of your personal information if there is a disagreement about its accuracy or we’re not lawfully allowed to use it.
Right of erasure
You may ask us to delete some or all of your personal information and in certain cases, and subject to certain exceptions; we will do so as far as we are required to. In many cases, we will anonymise that information, rather than delete it.
Right for your personal information to be portable
If we are processing your personal information (1) based on your consent, or in order to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and (2) the processing is being done by automated means, you may ask us to provide it to you or another service provider in a machine-readable format.
Right to object
You have the right to object to processing where we using your personal information (1) based on legitimate interests, (2) for direct marketing or (3) for statistical/research purposes.
If you want to exercise any of the above rights, please email us at info@meteorite-recon.com or write to the above address. We may be required to ask for further information and/or evidence of identity. We will endeavour to respond fully to all requests within one month of receipt of your request, however if we are unable to do so we will contact you with reasons for the delay.
Please note that exceptions apply to a number of these rights, and not all rights will be applicable in all circumstances.
Keeping your information safe
When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that appropriate technical and organisational controls are in place to protect it.
Any sensitive information (such as credit or debit card details) is encrypted and protected with the following software 128 Bit encryption on SSL. When you are on a secure page, a lock icon will appear on the bottom of web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer.
Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Use of ‘cookies’
Like many other websites, this website may use cookies. ‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. Turning cookies off may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the privacy policy of that third party site.
16 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Transferring your information outside of Europe
As part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). This occurs either based on our lawful obligations or to pursue our legitimate interests, and only based under the restrictions of Art. 44 ff. GDPR. By way of example, this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of the EEA. You have the right to request a confirmation if your data was transferred this way and to request information about which data was processed as well as the right to request a copy of this data according to Art. 44 ff. GDPR. If we transfer your information outside of the EEA in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this policy.
If you use our services while you are outside the EEA, your information may be transferred outside the EEA in order to provide you with those services. We undertake regular reviews of who has access to information that we hold to ensure that your info is only accessible by appropriately trained staff, volunteers and contractors.
Website recording and analytics
Our website does not use session recording or analytic tools.
Changes to this policy
Any changes we may make to this policy in the future will be posted on this website so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. If we make any significant changes we’ll make this clear on this website.
Review of this Policy
We keep this policy under regular review. This policy was last updated in May 2018.
Any questions regarding this policy and our privacy practices
should be sent by email to
info@meteorite-recon.com
or by writing to
Svend Buhl, Meteorite Recon
Salinenstraße 2a
23843 Bad Oldesloe
Germany
Alternatively, you can telephone at +49 (0)178 798 50 82
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok