http://www.systematic-minerals.com/en/privacy.html
Systematic-rminerals A - Z|Analyzed minerals|News|Fluorescent minerals|Display SpecimensLogin General informationHomeMinerals A-ZLocations A-ZLocation SearchSearch agentLegendShipping costTerms of deliveryPrivacyLinksImprintContactMinerals Shop Riskless online order Every mailing is a shipping to choose from Various payment methods No minimum order value Minerals Shipping cost within the EU from 5,- €, outside EU 10,- € Minerals Free shipping at 250,- € (~ 141.81$)Data protectionUnless otherwise stated below, the provision of your personal information is neither required by law nor by contract nor required to conclude a contract. You are not required to provide the data. A non-provisioning has no consequences. This applies only insofar as no other information is given in the subsequent processing operations."Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.Server-LogfilesYou can visit our websites without giving any personal information. Every time you access our website, usage data is transmitted through your Internet browser and stored in log data (server log files). This stored data includes e.g. Name of the called page, date and time of the call, amount of data transferred and the requesting provider. These data are used solely to ensure trouble-free operation of our website and to improve our offer. An assignment of this data to a specific person is not possible.customer accountWhen opening a customer account, we collect your personal data in the scope indicated there. The purpose of data processing is to improve your shopping experience and simplify order processing. Processing is based on Art. 6 (1) lit. a DSGVO with your consent. You may revoke your consent at any time by notifying us without affecting the legality of the processing on the basis of the consent to revocation. Your customer account will be deleted afterwards.Collection, processing and use of personal data for ordersWhen ordering, we collect and use your personal data only to the extent necessary to fulfill and process your order and to process your requests. The provision of the data is required for the conclusion of the contract. Non-provisioning means that no contract can be concluded. Processing is based on Art. 6 (1) lit. b DSGVO and is required to fulfill a contract with you. A transfer of your data to third parties without your express consent is not. Excluded from this are only our service partners, which we need to process the contractual relationship or service providers of which we serve in the context of a processing order. In addition to the recipients named in the respective clauses of this privacy policy, these include, for example, recipients of the following categories: shipping service providers, payment service providers, merchandise management service providers, order processing service providers, web hosting providers, IT service providers and dropshipping retailers. In all cases, we strictly adhere to the legal requirements. The amount of data transmission is limited to a minimum.Use of PayPalAll PayPal transactions are subject to the PayPal Privacy Policy. These can be found at:https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-fullCookiesOur website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored in the Internet browser or the Internet browser on the computer system of a user. When a user visits a website, a cookie may be stored on the user's operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic string that allows the browser to be uniquely identified when the website is reopened. We use cookies for the purpose of making our offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. Furthermore, cookies enable our systems to recognize your browser even after a page change and offer you services. Some features of our website can not be offered without the use of cookies. For these, it is necessary that the browser is recognized even after a page break.In addition, we use cookies on our website for the purpose of enabling an analysis of the surfing behavior of our site visitors.Furthermore, we use cookies for the purpose of subsequently addressing site visitors on other websites with targeted, interest-based advertising.Processing is based on § 15 (3) TMG and Art. 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO from the legitimate interest in the above-mentioned purposes.The data collected by you in this way will be pseudonymised by technical means. An assignment of the data to your person is therefore no longer possible. The data will not be stored by you together with other personal data.You have the right, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you, based on Art. 6 (1) f DSGVO.Cookies are stored on your computer. Therefore, you have full control over the use of cookies. By selecting appropriate technical settings in your internet browser, you can prevent the storage of cookies and transmission of the data contained therein. Already saved cookies can be deleted at any time. We point out, however, that you may not be able to use all the features of this website in full.The links below will tell you how to manage (and disable) cookies on major browsers:Chrome Browser: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=deInternet Explorer:https://support.microsoft.com/de-de/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookiesMozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/de/kb/cookies-erlauben-und-ablehnenSafari: https://support.apple.com/de-de/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/macPrivacy Policy for the use of Facebook pluginsOn our pages plugins of the social network Facebook (Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California, 94025, USA) are integrated. The Facebook plugins can be recognized by the Facebook logo or the "Like-Button" ("Like") on our site. An overview of the Facebook plugins can be found here: http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. When you visit our pages, the plugin establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. Facebook receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click on the Facebook "Like-Button" while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the contents of our pages to your Facebook profile. As a result, Facebook can assign the visit to our pages to your user account. We point out that we as the provider of the pages are not aware of the content of the data transmitted and their use by Facebook. For more information, see the facebook privacy policy at http://www.facebook.com/policy.php If you do not want Facebook to associate your visit to our pages with your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook account. User account.Use of Google AnalyticsWe use the Google Analytics web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, "Google"). Data processing is for the purpose of analyzing this website and its visitors. For this purpose, Google will use the information obtained on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. The IP address provided by Google Analytics as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data.Google Analytics uses cookies that allow you to analyze the use of the website. The information generated by the cookies about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. IP anonymisation is activated on this website. As a result, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. Your data may be transmitted to the United States. There is an adequacy decision by the European Commission for data transfers to the US. Processing is based on Art. 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO from the legitimate interest in the needs-based and targeted design of the website.You have the right, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you, based on Art. 6 (1) f DSGVO.You can prevent the storage of cookies by selecting appropriate technical settings of your browser software; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the features of this website to the fullest extent possible. You may further prevent the collection by Google of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google by using the browser plug-in available under the following link. in download and install [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en]. To prevent Google Analytics tracking across devices, you can set an opt-out cookie. Opt-out cookies prevent future collection of your data when you visit this website. You must opt-out on all systems and devices used to make it work. If you click here, the opt-out cookie will be set: Disable Google Analytics.For more information about Terms of Use and Privacy, please see at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html and  under https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/.Use of Google Adwords Conversion-TrackingWe use the online advertising program "Google AdWords" on our website and, in this context, conversion tracking (visit evaluation). Google Conversion Tracking is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). When you click on an ad served by Google, a conversion tracking cookie will be placed on your machine.These cookies have a limited validity, contain no personal data and are therefore not for personal identification. If you visit certain pages on our website and the cookie has not expired, Google and we may recognize that you have clicked on the ad and have been redirected to this page. Each Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. Thus, there is no way that cookies can be tracked through the websites of advertisers.The information obtained with the help of the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics. This tells us the total number of users who clicked on one of our ads and were redirected to a conversion tracking tag page. However, we do not receive any information that personally identifies users. Processing is based on Art. 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO from the legitimate interest in targeted advertising and the analysis of the impact and efficiency of this advertising.You have the right, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you, based on Art. 6 (1) f DSGVO.You can prevent the storage of cookies by selecting appropriate technical settings of your browser software. We point out, however, that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of this website in full. You will not be included in the conversion tracking statistics.You can also opt out of personalized advertising in Google Ads Ads Settings. For instructions, see https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=enIn addition, you may disable the use of third-party cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative deactivation page at https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and implementing the opt-out information listed there.For more information and Google's privacy policy, please visit: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ Duration of storageAfter completion of the contract, the data are initially stored for the duration of the warranty period, then taking into account statutory, especially tax and commercial retention periods and then deleted after the deadline, unless you have agreed to further processing and use.Rights of the person concernedYou are entitled to the following rights under Art. 15 to 20 GDPR if the legal prerequisites are met: Right to information, to correction, to cancellation, to limitation of processing, to data portability.In addition, according to Art. 21 (1) GDPR, you are entitled to a right of objection to the processing based on Art. 6 (1) of the GDPR and to processing for the purpose of direct mail.Contact us on request. The contact details can be found in our imprint.LinksOur company websites may contain links to other providers that are not covered by our privacy policy.Right of appeal to the supervisory authorityAccording to Art. 77 GDPR you have the right to complain to the supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your personal data is not legal.Last update: 25.04.2018Shopping basketYour basket is empty.HillitVisitors currently online: 21© 2020 Minerals sale Systematic-Minerals.com