https://www.and.com/privacy-policy/
All News
Investor Relation
Shares Data
CONTACT
Developers
AND Products is now GeoJunxion
This domain name might be available for sale, for more information please contact
Joe at nameexperts.com
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how  uses and protects any information that you give  when you use this website. AND is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to info@and.com
Do you collect my personal information?
Only when you contact us through our website form. We do not ask for any sensitive information from visitors.
What data do you collect from me?
When you make an inquiry we log your name and your email address. Other than this, we do not store or capture other personal information but simply log your IP address (this is the technical standard which ensures messages get from one host to another and that the messages are understood) which is automatically recognised by the web server.
Do you collect any other type of information?
We automatically collect data about visitors to our website by using cookies. We would like to follow up Business Visitors who visited our website. To do this, the company address of the Business Visitor is derived from the IP address. We use this information and the products they viewed on our website for marketing and sales purposes.
How do you use my personal information?
When you make an inquiry, we use your personal information to let you know about the product or service that you inquired about. We will do this by email you supplied to us. We do not sell personal information collected through our website or use your personal information for any other purposes than those stated above.
Who has access to my information?
Your information is only available for us. We will not sell or rent your information to third parties and we will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes. We do not, and never will sell or rent your information to any 3rd party.
How do you secure my data?
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online including:
limiting access to our buildings to those whom are entitled to be there (by use of key fobs and keys);
implementing access controls to our information technology, such as firewalls, ID verification and logical segmentation and/ or physical separation of our systems and information;
Can I opt out?
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. You can change your preferences at any time by contacting us by email: info@and.com or telephone on +31 (0)10 8851200.
How long does  keep my information for?
We retain a record of your personal information in order to provide you with a high quality and consistent service. We will always retain your personal information in accordance with law and regulation and never retain your information for longer than is necessary.
How do I access and update my information?
The accuracy of your information is important to us. If you change email address, or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please email us at: info@and.com, or alternatively, you can telephone +31 (0)10 8851200.  You have the right to ask for a copy of the information holds about you.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small piece of data or message that is sent from an organisation’s web server to your web browser and is then stored on your hard drive. Cookies can’t read data off your hard drive or cookie files created by other sites, and do not damage your system. However, you can configure your browser to refuse any cookie or to alert you to when a cookie is being sent. Web browsers allow you to control cookies stored on your hard drive through the web browser settings. We use cookies so that we can give you a better experience when you return to our website.
Are children’s privacy protected?
We understand the importance of protecting children’s privacy in the interactive online world. This Website is not designed for or intentionally targeted at children 16 years of age or younger. It is not our policy to intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 16.
How often do you review this policy?
We keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated in July 2018.
This website utilizes cookies and similar technologies for functionality and other purposes. Your use of this website constitutes your acceptance of cookies. To learn more about our cookies and the choices we offer, please see the link to our Privacy Policy.
OK, got it Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled