http://www.sunflexzone.com/product/stealth-anti-tracking-ir-infrared-license-plate-blocker-privacy-frame-alpr-countermeasure#.VVrj2kbEnrg
Stand up for your right to privacy!
Log in
Cart
0
Search
Menu
Cart 0
Home
Catalog
Blog
About us
Technology
Log in
Create account
Search
Home
›
Stealth Anti-Tracking IR Infrared Blocker Privacy Frame (Rear Only), ALPR Countermeasure
SunflexZone
Stealth Anti-Tracking IR Infrared Blocker Privacy Frame (Rear Only), ALPR Countermeasure
$ 30.00
Car Tag Led light - $ 30.00 USD
Motorcycle - $ 30.00 USD
Quantity
Add to Cart
Share:
Email Facebook Twitter Pinterest
Not sure which product is right for you? Click here to see our comparison guide.
We are concerned with the recent increase in citizen tracking and surveillance by governments around the world. Automatic License Plate Recognition (ALPR), presents a threat to personal privacy. ALPR is also now being used by private companies to gather data, as well as repo/parking enforcement units.
We will provide effective countermeasures because we believe that having nothing to hide is never a good reason to be OK with being tracked everywhere we go.
"Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety." -- Benjamin Franklin
One of the most common methods of tracking is using a device called, Automatic license-plate recognition(ALPR), Automatic license-plate reader (ALPR) orAutomatic vehicle identification(AVI) depending on your location.
This device automatically records every license plate number it encounters. It is now being mounted along roads and in police cars/private vehicles in the US, UK and around the world. A police car on patrol can record 30000+ license plate numbers a shift. That data is often stored for years and can be used to create a detailed travel record profile of the vehicles it records.
ALPR, and most traffic enforcement cameras, usually use Infrared cameras to record this data. So we have created a special low profile license plate frame that emits a high intensity IR light that is projected onto the plate and effectively blinds the device's camera. This light is invisible to the human eye.
-This is how the frame appears to the human eye.
-This is how the frame will look to an IR sensitive camera. Effectively making the number plate unreadable and maintaining your privacy.
Physical plate covers which distort visible light from angles should be avoided as they are easily identified by law enforcement, which can lead to unwanted attention and are very much illegal in most areas.
The Frames are easily painted to match your vehicle's color, most customers use simple touch-up paint available at local auto-part stores.
The frame can be mounted on the top or bottom of the license plate, or both using two frames for double protection. If using only one frame we recommend you mount on the top for extra safety. This frame can be wired into any 12V DC connection on your car. We would like to recommend you install an on/off switch. Our design is universal and can fit almost any license plate size around the world. If you have no technical knowledge almost any Mechanic or A/V Shop can wire these up in minutes.
Below is a comparison of how the naked eye/normal camera will see the frame and how a camera without an IR filter, which accounts for 99% of traffic enforcement cameras, will see it.
Even though you cannot see it, this product emits a very bright light, so it is recommended you not stare directly at it at close range for the same reason you would not stare into a flashlight or car headlight.
Buyer assumes all responsibility for using this product in compliance with local laws and motor vehicle codes.
Patent Pending.
This listing is for one frame, if you live in a State or Country that requires vehicles to install front and rear license plates it is recommended you purchase two frames, we have a special two frame price, please see our duel plate listing Here
Orders within the USA will be shipped USPS First Class or Priority Mail.
Orders over $200 will be shipped with signature confirmation. Signature confirmation can be waived upon request.
We offer USPS and DHL for International Shipments. For some countries with unreliable postal services we require DHL.
Mexico/Central America Shipping: Due to a high loss rate and delivery times in excess of 30 days using the standard postal service, we will only ship to Mexico/Central America using DHL. This can be waived upon request and upon agreement that we will not be responsible for lost/late packages sent via the USPS.
Most orders are shipped within 24 hours Mon-Fri. Every effort is made to ship orders out the same day when possible.. If there is any delay we will promptly contact you via email or phone.
Expected delivery times in business days for USPS First Class Domestic and International:
USPS                FedEx/DHL
Canada, Hawaii, Alaska                                                      3-9                        1-3
Western Europe (Italy can rarely take a bit longer)            4-16                       1-4
Australia, New Zealand                                                       5-16                       N/A
Russia, Mexico, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Africa     N/A                        3-7
Asia                                                                                     7-30+                     2-6
**Note these are estimated times provided to us by the US Postal Service.
We do not ship to Mainland China, Vietnam, Africa (except for South Africa and Egypt) or Indonesia. exceptions can be made, but you must contact us first.
We guarantee our shipping, if an item is lost in transit we will promptly reship or refund (unless signature confirmation is declined for orders over $200). This guarantee does not apply to Italy, Latin America, Russia or African Countries due to unreliable tracking number updates by those region's postal authorities. However, this, by no means, means we will not take care of customers in those regions. For your protection we may contact you to confirm the order so please make sure you use a valid email and phone number during checkout.
We use state-of-the-art fraud protection/information security systems to prevent unauthorized use of your credit card and to make sure your personal information is secure. We believe our customers deserve no less than the best protection when shopping with us. When checking out please assure you enter the correct billing address and the correct three digit CVV code to prevent delays.
You are responsible for any Custom's duty.
Warranty: This product comes with a 1-Year warranty against manufacturer defects.
Returns and Cancellations Policy: We offer a SIX MONTH no-questions-asked return policy for any reason. If over six months please contact us. We will go above and beyond to work with you. You will find we are one of the easiest companies to work with. If you wish to cancel an order please contact us ASAP because we make every effort to ship your order as promptly as possible.
Email us at service@sunflexzone.com for return/cancellation instructions.
Warning: Laws concerning this product vary from State/Province to State/Province. Your State may prohibit its use on public roads or restrict its use to novelty plates, show car use or off-road areas only. In some States/Provinces, including without limitation California, off-road uses are also prohibited. The manufacturer and retailer assumes no responsibility for any use or application of this product in violation of any applicable law. Before installing this product, please check your State/Province and local/municipal laws and regulations. The manufacturer and retailer assumes no responsibility for any use or application of this product in violation of any applicable law. In some States/Provinces it is unlawful to display on any vehicle a registration plate which is obscured in any manner which inhibits the proper operation of an automated enforcement camera.
Share this Product
Share
0
Tweet
Pin it
0
Fancy
+1
More from this collection
Stealth Anti-Tracking IR
Blocker Privacy Frame (Front & Rear), Anti-ALPR Camera
SunflexZone
$ 43.00