http://www.immunology.org/about-us/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Home
Membership
Grants and Prizes
Policy and Public Affairs
Get Involved
Jobs
Contact
Register
Log in
Home //
About us //
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
1. Introduction
Welcome to the British Society for Immunology.
This page tells you the terms on which you may use our website www.immunology.org, whether as registered user or guest. Please read carefully before use.
By using the site, you accept the terms and agree to obey them. If you don't accept them, please don't use the site.
2. Who We Are
www.immunology.org is operated by British Society for Immunology, a UK Limited company registered in England under company number 3005933 and a registered charity under number 1043255.
Some important details about us:
Our registered office is at: 34 Red Lion Square, London, WC1R 4SG
Our trading office is at: 34 Red Lion Square, London, WC1R 4SG
Our VAT number is: GB250289313
3. Use of the Site
You have permission for temporary use of the site, but we can withdraw or change our service at any time without telling you and without being legally responsible to you.
You must treat all identification codes, passwords and other security information as confidential. If we think you have failed to keep confidentiality, we are allowed to disable any security information (including your passwords and codes).
You agree to follow our acceptable use policy.
If you allow anyone else to use our site, you must make sure that they read these terms first, and that they follow them.
Only use the site as allowed by law and these terms. If you don't, we may suspend your usage, or stop it completely.
We frequently update the site and make changes to it, but we don't have to do this, and material on the site may be out-of-date. No material on the site is intended to contain advice, and you shouldn't rely on it. We exclude all legal responsibility and costs for reliance placed on the site by anyone.
We follow our privacy policy in handling information about you.
By using the site, you agree to us handling this information and confirm that data you provide is accurate.
4. Intellectual Property Rights
We are the owner or licensee of all intellectual property rights in the site (for example the copyright and any rights in the designs) and in any of the material posted on it. They are protected by copyright.
You are allowed to print one copy and download extracts of any page on the site for your personal reference, but not for commercial use without a licence from us. You must not alter anything, or use any illustrations, video, audio or photographs separately from the text that goes with them.
If you breach these terms, you lose your right to use our site, and must destroy or return any copies you have made.
5. Our Legal Responsibility to You
We do not guarantee the accuracy of material on our site. As far as legally possible, we exclude legal responsibility for the following:
Any loss to you arising from use of our site
Loss of income, profit, business, data, contracts, goodwill or savings.
We also exclude, as far as legally possible, all terms and warranties or promises implied by law or by statutes.
We don't exclude legal responsibility for death or personal injury owing to our negligence, or legal responsibility for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or for anything else where exclusion is not allowed by the law.
6. Uploading to our Site
If you contact other users of our site or upload material to it, you must follow our acceptable use policy, which sets out standards for usage. You agree to reimburse us for any costs or expenses we incur as a result of any breach of this term.
Material that you upload will be regarded as non-confidential and not owned. This means that we can copy it, distribute it, and show it to other people for any purpose. You agree that if anyone else claims to own the material, or says that it breaches their rights, we can give them your identity.
We won't be legally responsible to anybody for the accuracy of material that you upload to the site, and we can remove it at any time if we think it doesn't follow our acceptable use policy.
7. Computer Offences
If you do anything which is a criminal offence under a law called the Computer Misuse Act 1990, your right to use the site will end straightaway. We will report you to the relevant authorities and give them your identity.
Examples of computer misuse include introducing viruses, worms, Trojans and other technologically harmful or damaging material.
You mustn't try to get access to our site or server or any connected database or make any 'attack' on the site. We won't be legally responsible to you for any damage from viruses or other harmful material that you pick up via our site.
8. Links to Our Site
You are allowed to make a legal link to our website's homepage from your website if the content on your site meets the standards of our acceptable use policy. We can end this permission at any time.
You mustn't suggest any endorsement by us or association with us unless we agree in writing.
9. Links From Our Site
Links from our site to other sites are only for information. We don't accept responsibility for other sites or any loss you suffer from using them.
10. Variation
We change these terms from time to time and you must check them for changes because they are binding on you.
11. Applicable Law
The English courts have the only right to hear claims related to our site, and all disputes are governed by English law.
12. Contact Us
Please email us at bsi@immunology.org to contact us about any issues.
About us
History
Strategy 2016 - 2020
Trustee Report and Annual Accounts
Our people
Our partners
Contact us
Work for us
Terms and Conditions
Cancellation and Refund Policy
Payment Flow and Delivery Policy
Privacy and Security Policy
BSI Rules
Acceptable Use Policy
Cookies Policy
Income Tax Relief
Child protection policy
Code of conduct
Complaints Policy and Procedure
Data protection policy
Equality and diversity
Become a member today
Click below to find out how to become a member.
Join the Society
Immunology news
Our membership publication, published quarterly and distributed free to members both electronically and in traditional print.
Read more