http://www.biozone.co.nz/privacyinfo
Cart Updated
Biozone
Choose Your Region
Australia
North America
United Kingdom
Europe
International
New Zealand
Search
Email or Account Name
Password
Cart ( 0 )
Login
Create Account
Home
About Us
About Us
Meet the Team
Products
Browse Our Products
Find Your Program
Find Your Topic
Download Catalogue
Store
Store
Get a Quote
Buy Now
Download Order Forms
Where to Buy
Promotions
News
Press Releases
Conferences & Events
Awards
Digital
BIOZONE Academy
BIOZONE eBooks
Comparison
FAQ
Knowledge Base
Returns Policy
Terms of Sale
Conditions of Use
Shipping Charges
Contact Us
General Enquiry
Technical Support
Jobs at BIOZONE
Trade Enquiry
Sales Enquiry
Publisher Enquiry
All ProductsAll ProgramsAll Topics
Popular tags
Achievement
Download
Keynote
Level 3
Media
Modular
NCEA
PDF
Powerpoint
Presentation
QuickTime
Slideshow
Standards
Unit
Workbook
Information
Contact Us
About Us
New products
Compare products list
Sitemap
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Privacy Policy
Please read the whole of this Privacy Policy. BIOZONE International aims to treat your personal information in accordance with the following privacy policy at all times.
Collection
We will collect information about you (for instance, your name, address, contact number(s), email address, etc) when you complete BIOZONE International forms, enter BIOZONE International promotions or competitions, or when we communicate via phone or email. Other sources, like marketing organisations and credit reference agencies, may also provide us with information about you from time to time.
We also collect information when you buy or use our products and services, for example how, when, where and how often you use our products.
If you choose not to provide information when we ask for it, certain product features may not work properly or we may not be able to provide you with a product or service altogether.
Use
We hold and use the information we collect for a number of purposes, including:
Processing credit application forms and any online transactions you make;
Carrying out credit checking and scoring (if you have agreed);
Billing you;
Providing and assisting you with products or services your request;
Offering you rewards, special offers, competitions and other promotions;
Providing you with information on new BIOZONE International products and services and/or products and services of carefully selected third parties we think you might like;
Responding and following up on any queries, complaints or requests you might have made, and other customer care issues;
Complying with legal, governmental or regulatory agencies requests in connection with any legal proceedings, crime or fraud prevention or detection, or prosecution;
Training our staff, monitoring our network and services, and maintaining our systems.
You agree that we and our agents may send you marketing messages, electronic or otherwise, about (amongst other things) our rewards, special offers, competitions and other promotions, and those of our agents or third parties which we consider may be of interest to you.
Disclosure
Sometimes we may disclose your information to third parties, who may include:
Dealers and suppliers whose products and services support our services;
Other network operators as required to support the products and services we provide to you;
Credit reference agencies (if you have agreed) who may share your information with other organisations and who may keep a record of the searches we make against your name;
If someone else pays your bill, such as your employer, that person;
Law enforcement agencies (like the police, or the Serious Fraud Office);
A potential purchaser of our business.
Access and Correction
You can access personal information that we hold about you by contacting us in writing. If the information held by us is inaccurate, incomplete or not up to date you may ask us to correct the information.
If you consent to receiving emails or other communications from us, but later change your mind, just let us know and we will take you off our list. Get in touch via our Contact Us web page.
Use by Third Parties and Public Information
BIOZONE International may contract with third parties to handle the fulfilment of subscriptions or requests for information you submit to our sites, such as sending you a newsletter. Any information posted on bulletin boards or communicated in community areas becomes public information. As such, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose on the website.
Subscribe to Newsletter
•Sitemap
•Shipping & Returns
•Terms of Sale
•Conditions of Use
•FAQ
•Privacy Policy
© Copyright BIOZONE International Limited
Website Design by BIOZONE  |  Website by Enlighten Designs
Powered by nopCommerce