https://www.dinosaursociety.com/privacy-policy/
Home » Privacy Policy
Who we are
We are The Dinosaur Society, a registerd UK educational charity. More details are available here.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Our site is hosted in the UK using a company subject to European data protection laws.
How we protect your data
Personal information related to our members, merchandise customers or web visitors is password protected within a secure system and only accessible by authorised staff members.
We do not store and do not have access to your payment information (credit/debit card) used whilst purchasing, except for your delivery address used for order fulfillment.
We will not share your personal data with any 3rd party except for the purposes of fulfilling orders of merchandise (delivery address and phone number provided to delivery agents).
What data breach procedures we have in place
In the event of a personal data breach we will notify the Independent Commisioner’s Office within the required 72 hours and provide them with:
• A description of the nature of the personal data breach including, where possible the numbers of individuals and data records concerned:the name and contact details of the data protection officer.
• A description of the likely consequences of the personal data breach; and
• A description of the measures taken to deal with the personal data breach.
Dinosaur NewsDinosaur News
Latest Articles
Dinosaur Books
Dinosaur Events
Previous Events
Cart
Latest Updates
Dinosaur News Update: 29 November 2020
Dinosaur News Update: 18 September 2020
Dinosaur News Update: 08 July 2020
Dinosaur News Update: 27 April 2020
Dinosaur News Update: 28 February 2020
Dinosaur News Update: 16 January 2020
Dinosaur News Update: 16 November 2019
Dinosaur News Update: 16 September 2019
Dinosaur News Update: 13 July 2019
17th Conference of the EAVP
The Dinosaurs Rediscovered: The Scientific Revolution in Paleontology
The Story of the Dinosaurs in 25 Discoveries: Amazing Fossils and the People Who Found Them