http://www.ansi.org/help/help.aspx?menuid=15
Help
Welcome to the new ANSI.org
We at ANSI have rebuilt our Internet home! Among the big changes, we’ve restructured the navigation, reorganized and updated the content, introduced a new search capability, and upgraded the look with a modern design and graphics – all with the goal to make the site more welcoming and useful to our community. We hope it makes easier for you to orient yourself, find all the information you need, engage with us, and achieve your goals.
We've worked hard to design this new site to meet the needs of our users, and we’re excited to present it to the world – but we’re also focused on continuous improvement. Our goal is to keep enhancing the site’s usefulness and increase our engagement with the community. So we'd like to hear from you – whether you have a question, a comment, or a suggestion.
Send us feedback anytime and let us know what you think of the new site.
Useful links & information
Contact ANSI & our affiliates
ANSI Offices & Staff DirectoryANSI WebstoreANABWorkcred
Access to secure documents
connect.ansi.org
ANSI’s secure document library at connect.ansi.org contains materials available only to those directly engaged with the Institute via membership and/or one of ANSI’s committees, groups, or other programs and initiatives. A user ID and password are required to access specific sections of the secure document library as appropriate.
Access Info
Upon confirmation of your addition to ANSI’s membership rosters or to a specific committee or activity, ANSI’s secure identity management system will automatically generate an e-mail with your user ID and a temporary password. Upon your first log in you can change your password. The same user ID and password can also be used to update your personal profile information on file with ANSI.
Need help?
Members and participants who need a user ID should contact ANSI's Membership Team at membership@ansi.org
Forgot your password? Reset your password here
ANSI media, asset, and other policies
ANSI Logo UsageMedia Access to ANSI EventsANSI Privacy PolicyAdditional Organizational Policies
Still need help?
You can search our Staff Directory by focus area to contact the right person to answer your specific question.
Contact Us
Share
We use cookies to offer you a better experience and analyze site traffic. By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our ANSI Privacy Policy.
Don't Accept
Accept