http://www.mcmaster.ca/opr/html/footer/main/terms_of_use.html
MUGSI
Faculty & Staff Directory
Quick Links
Select
A to Z Campus Index
Alumni Association
Athletics & Recreation
Bookstore
Campus Health Centre
Career Services
Clubs
Directions & Map
Employers
Faculty & staff Directory
Financial Aid
Find People @ McMaster
Giving to McMaster
Housing
International Students
Libraries
Media
MUGSI Login Policies
Registrar's Office
Security Services
Student Accounts
Work/Study Abroad
Working@McMaster
Search
McMaster
McMaster A-Z Index
Academics
Undergraduate Studies/Programs
Graduate Studies/Programs
Part-Time Studies & Continuing Education
Departments & Faculties
Alumni
About the Alumni Association
Alumni Events
Services & Benefits
Programs for Alumni
Alumni Networking
Keep in Touch
Homecoming
Alumni Weekend
Students & Young Alumni
Giving to McMaster
Discover McMaster
About the Campus
Fast Facts
Governance
History of McMaster
How to Get to McMaster
Policies, Procedures & Guidelines
President's Message
Provost & Vice-President (Academic)
Strategic Plan
Teaching and Learning at McMaster
MacServices
Future Students
Undergraduate
Graduate Studies
MBA Program
Continuing Education
Parents
Student Services
Virtual Tour
Executive Education
Library
About the Libraries
Contact Us
Course Reserves
Library Catalogue
Library Services
My Account / Book Renewal
Research
Canada Research Chairs
Endowed & Industrial Chairs
Ethics in Human Research
McMaster Innovation Park
Office of International Affairs
Partnership Opportunities
Research Centres & Institutes
Research Policies & Procedures
Science in the City
Current Students
Student Affairs
Student Resources
Chaplaincy
Human Rights & Equity
Information Technology
Office of Academic Integrity
Ombuds
Parking & Transit
Registrar
Safety & Security
Student Financial Aid & Scholarships
Student Accounts
Student Government
Graduate Students
Part-time Students
McMaster Students Union
Campus Life
Clubs
Events
Home >
Terms of Use
By accessing any portion of the McMaster Website, the user agrees to the
terms and conditions set out below.
Notice of Disclaimer and Terms of Use
1. Use of the Site
The McMaster University Website or related website ( the "McMaster University
Website") is a no fee service offered by McMaster University ("McMaster"). The
contents of the McMaster University Website are provided for informational and
educational purposes only. All information is provided on an "as is" basis
without any warranties of any kind. McMaster makes no representations and
disclaims all expressed and implied warranties and conditions of any kind,
including without limitation, representations, warranties or conditions
regarding accuracy, timeliness, completeness, non-infringement, merchantability
or fitness for any particular purpose. McMaster assumes no responsibility to the
user or any third party for the consequences of any errors or omissions. The
subscriber to the McMaster University Website expressly acknowledges that
information contained on the site may be provided by independent clubs,
associations and organizations and any such information and its content are not
the responsibility of McMaster University. McMaster University assumes no
liability for such content or information.
2. Release of McMaster
You also agree to release and hold harmless McMaster from and against any and
all liability, claims, damages, actions, and costs, arising out of or in
connection with your use, review or reproduction of the McMaster University
Website.
3. Limitation of Liability
McMaster shall not be liable to you and/or any third party for any damages of
any kind arising out of or relating to the use of, or reliance upon, the
McMaster University Website including, but not limited to, any lost profits,
lost opportunities, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive
damages, regardless of your advice to McMaster University to the contrary.
4. Advice
Neither McMaster nor any of its officers, directors, employees, or agents
makes any recommendation regarding any educational or other matter described
within the McMaster University Website.
5. Reproduction of Contents
The contents, but not any logo or other visual representation, of the
McMaster University Website or related website may be used and reproduced solely
for non-commercial, personal or educational purposes provided that it is not
modified and that you do not delete any copyrights and other legal or
proprietary notices contained therein. Such information may not otherwise be
used, reproduced, broadcast, published or re-disseminated without the prior
written permission of McMaster.
6. Links to other Sites
The McMaster University Website may link users to sites not maintained by
McMaster. McMaster cannot and does not warrant the accuracy, completeness,
timeliness, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular
purpose of any information available through these links and disclaims any
opinions expressed on such sites.
7. Intellectual Property
The materials located on the McMaster University Website are protected by
copyright, trademark and other forms or proprietary rights and are owned or
controlled by McMaster University or any other party credited as the provider of
the information.
8. System Integrity
You may not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to
interfere with the proper working of the McMaster University Website. You may
not take any action, which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large
load on McMaster University infrastructure.
9. Governing Law
This agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of
the Province of Ontario.
10. Disclosures
The information in the McMaster University Website or related website is
offered by McMaster University, 1280 Main Street West, Hamilton, Ontario, L8S
4L8.
11. Entire Agreement
This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and McMaster
University and supercedes all other agreements. No other representations or
warranties are made, save for those contained within this Agreement.
12. Termination of McMaster University Website or Related
Website
McMaster reserves the right to terminate or modify, in any manner, the
McMaster University Website, and/or any part of any related website any link or
linking program at any time for any reason.
13.  Statement on
Collection of Personal Information and Protection of Privacy
McMaster University collects and retains personal information of students, alumni
and other parties, including but not limited to faculty, staff, visiting academics and
private citizens using services provided by McMaster University, under the authority
of The McMaster University Act, 1976. This information is used for the academic,
administrative, employment-related, safety and security, financial and statistical
purposes of the University, including for the administration of admissions,
registration, awards and scholarships, convocation, alumni relations and other
fundamental activities related to being a member of the University community, a
user of services provided by McMaster or an attendee of, or applicant to, a public
post-secondary institution in the Province of Ontario. The information will be used,
among other things, to admit, register and graduate students, record academic
achievement, issue library cards and, where applicable, local transit passes, to
provide access to information systems and to operate academic, financial, athletic,
recreational, residence, alumni and other University programs. Additionally, this
information may be shared with other institutions of higher education in order to
administer collaborative programs. Information on admissions, registration and
academic achievement may also be disclosed and used for statistical and research
purposes by the University, other post-secondary educational institutions and the
federal and provincial governments. The names of alumni, their Faculty and
program, award information, degree(s) awarded and date of graduation is considered
public information and may be published by McMaster University. In addition,
student photographs posted by the University in the form of individual pictures or
class pictures may be publicly displayed. Aside from the foregoing, the information
you provide and any other information placed in a student record, or in a personnel
record, will be protected and used in compliance with Ontario's Freedom of
Information and Protection of Privacy Act (RSO 1990) and will be disclosed only in
accordance with this Act. If you have any questions about the collection and use of
this information please contact the University Registrar, University Hall, Room 209,
Student Records, Gilmour Hall, Room 108, or the University Secretary, Gilmour
Hall, Room 210, McMaster University.
McMaster University may also collect personal information from other relevant
sources including, without limitation, the Ontario Universities' Application Centre,
secondary schools, colleges, universities and other institutions previously attended,
including third-party services and test score providers where the items collected
form a part of the application or admission process to a university program.
Furthermore, McMaster is required to disclose personal information such as
Ontario Education Numbers, student characteristics and educational outcomes to
the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities (the "MTCU"). The Ministry
collects this data for purposes such as planning, allocating and administering
public funding to colleges, universities and other post-secondary educational and
training institutions and to conduct research and analysis, including longitudinal
studies, and statistical activities conducted by or on behalf of the Ministry for
purposes that relate to post-secondary education and training. Any information
collected by McMaster for the purposes of self-identification as a member of a
specific group (i.e. First Generation, First Nations, etc.) may be subject to
disclosure to the MTCU by McMaster and collected by the MTCU pursuant to its
statutory authority. Further information on how the MTCU uses personal
information is available on the ministry's website (http://www.tcu.gov.on.ca/).
In addition to collecting personal information for the purposes noted above,
McMaster University collects specific and limited personal information on behalf of
the McMaster Student Union, the McMaster Association of Part-time Students
and/or the McMaster Graduate Students Association. These constituent student
groups use personal information for the purpose of membership, administration,
elections, annual general meetings, health plans and other related matters only.
Please contact the relevant Student Union or Association office if you have questions
about this collection, use and disclosure of your personal information and their
respective privacy policies.
Last Updated September 2015
©
McMaster University  |  1280 Main Street West  |  Hamilton, Ontario L8S4L8  |  905-525-9140  |  Contact Us  |  Terms of Use & Privacy Policy