https://www.entosupplies.com.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerThe Privacy Policy of Australian Entomological Supplies Pty. Ltd. was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our customers and partners. The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services. This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers’ needs. Consequently, this Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time
1. What Personal Information does entoSupplies.com.au collect?
The types of personal information that we collect will depend on your usage of our site. If you carry out a transaction online or send us an email, we will record information that may differ from the information we collect if you simply visit our site.
Purchasing products or services
If you purchase products or services or apply to become an entoSupplies.com.au customer, we require you to provide certain details so that we can establish a member account and provide you with the product or service. This includes details such as your name and contact information, or in the case of businesses, information about the company, department or association making the purchase or setting up the account. We require this information to help us process and manage your account. Australian Entomological Supplies Pty. Ltd. also requests information to help us assess your credit worthiness (if applicable). If you purchase a product or service entoSupplies.com.au may also require your credit card details in order to process the purchase.
Paying your account online or making other enquiries about your account
If you pay your account online, we will require you to provide your account details and credit card details in order to process the payment. If you make an online query about your account you will be required to provide your account details, password and contact details so that your inquiry can be resolved as soon as possible.
General Requests
We provide online forms which you may use for a number of other purposes such as to request further information about other products. In order to process your request, we will require you to provide us with certain personal information. This includes such details as your name and contact information. If you send us an email request, we will ask for similar information. We require this information to process your request and to improve the services we provide to you. When you are carrying out a transaction or simply making a query, we may also ask for information such as details about yourself or your company in order for us to better tailor our services or products to your needs and to provide you with information about a range of products you might be interested in. Occasionally we may also conduct voluntary surveys or request other voluntary information. These surveys provide us with important information that enables improvement in the types and quality of products and services offered. It will always be clear whether the information requested is mandatory or voluntary.
Navigation Information
Each time you visit entoSupplies.com.au web site, anonymous navigation information is collected by our servers. This information includes:
the type of browser and operating system you are using
the address of the referring site (ie the previous site you had visited) and the website you leave our site to visit
the date and time of your visit
your machine’s IP address (a number which is unique to every machine connected to the Internet)
the address of the pages you accessed
This provides us with information about how the web site is being used and navigated, including the number of hits, the frequency of visits and the duration of visits to each web page on the site. It does not personally identify individual users.
Cookies
In addition, entoSupplies.com.au’s web site, like many others, uses cookies. A cookie is a piece of information that the website sends to your browser and which is stored on your hard disk. A cookie helps to identify your browser to the website so that we know who you are, and consequently, what is in your particular shopping cart, for example. None of this information is associated with you as an individual. Cookies cannot identify you personally. If you do not wish to receive cookies you can more than likely disable their use by altering the security settings on your web browser.
Email Information
If you choose to correspond further with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
2. How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
The personal information collected from you at this site is or may be used:
to maintain your account
to notify you about other or new services or promotions from time to time
for billing purposes
to provide customer support
in order to provide you with the products, services or information you have requested.
Anonymous navigation information may be used for statistical analysis of the site, for marketing purposes and to tailor the content of the site to the needs of our customers.
3. Will personal information be given to anyone else?
Personal information collected at this site will only be disclosed to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Statement. We will NOT sell, rent, or loan any identifiable information regarding our customers to any third parties for marketing purposes under any circumstances. Information collected at this site may be disclosed to third parties where functions are being outsourced. Australian Entomological Supplies Pty. Ltd. may also disclose personal information to law enforcement agencies, government agencies, courts or external advisors where permitted or required by law.
4. Access and Correction of your information
Once you have created an account at entoSupplies.com.au, you may access your account details and correct your personal information simply by logging into your Member Account with your email address and password combination.
5. Transactional Security and your Credit Card details
entoSupplies.com.au strives to protect your personal information during its transmission. Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including your name, address and credit card details, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
Whilst we maintain high standards in protecting your security, it should be noted that no transmission over the Internet or storage of information on servers connected to the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure. If secure transmission is indicated, Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd currently uses a SSL certificate which encrypts communications between you and our servers.
Information held by this website is also protected by encryption and firewall technologies. Please note that at no time does Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd record or store your credit card information on our website or servers. We utilise the ANZ Banks’ eGate Internet payment gateway for all online payments via credit card. This gateway employs the latest in encryption and security technology in order to keep your credit card information secure.
Our site securely receives your credit card details (over an SSL encrypted connection), and then passes those details directly to ANZ’s secure payment servers.
We simply receive and store the response we receive from the payment gateway as to whether the payment was successfull or not. At no time do we store your credit card information in any file or database on any of our systems.
If you are still unsure about using your credit card online, then we suggest you use one of the offline payment options.
6. Are personal account details stored safely
Australian Entomological Supplies Pty. Ltd takes reasonable steps to ensure the security of personal information held by it from such risks as loss or unauthorised access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure of data. entoSupplies.com.au only permits your details to be accessed by authorised personnel. Sensitive data, as mentioned at 5. (Transactional Security) for example, is 128-256 bit encrypted whilst the data is in transit between your browser and our servers. Information held by this website is also protected by encryption and firewall technologies.
7. Links to other sites
entoSupplies.com.au provides links on its website to other sites. These sites may have different privacy policies than those of ours and you are advised to check the privacy policies on those sites. We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site.
This policy was last updated on 3rd February, 2018
FooterMenu
Blog
About Us
FAQ
My Account
Request Quote
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Unit 3, 173 Lundberg Drive
South Murwillumbah
NSW 2484
Australia
+61 (02) 6684 7650
sales@entosupplies.com.au
FacebookTwitter
Find us
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.