https://www.saczoo.org/privacy-policy/
Close Menu
Plan Your Visit
Donate
Become a Member
Events
News
Sign In
Visit
Plan Your Visit
Special Event Calendar
Daily Event Calendar
Attractions
Zoo News
Snacks & Souvenirs
Plan Your Event
Zoo Tips & Facts
Animals
Gifts for the Animals
Animal Care & Welfare
Animal Food (Browse) Donation
Mammals
Birds
Reptiles & More
Amphibians & Fish
Animal Ambassadors
Education
Behind-the-Scenes Tours
Field Trips & Groups
Teacher Resources
Online Programs
Membership
Join or Renew Membership
Buy a Gift Membership
Member Benefits
Member Events
Member News & Resources
Conservation
Conservation Projects
Onsite Conservation
Support
Emergency Fund Donation
Wild Providers Donor Club
Volunteer
Sponsor an Animal
Planned Giving and Wills
Corporate Partners
Other Ways to Give
Donate a Vehicle
About Us
Who We Are
History
Relocation and Expansion
Press Room
Contact Us
Careers
Board of Trustees
Request a Donation
Docent Only
Events
News
Sign In
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Pinterest
Sacramento Zoo
3930 West Land Park Drive,
Sacramento,
CA 95822
916-808-5888
info@saczoo.org
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
We have created this statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. This policy is your guide to how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our website.
Reading or Downloading
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the internet (for example, ucdavis.edu if you are connecting from the UC Davis domain), the date and time you access our site, and the internet address of the website from which you linked to our site.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Site Registration & Donations
If you register as a user of the site, this information will be used to provide you with access to discounts or benefits. We may use your contact information to send further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary. You may always opt-out of receiving future emails by using the “email preference” link on emails sent by the Sacramento Zoo.
Sending Us an Email
You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a web form that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your email to other employees who are better able to answer you questions. We may also use your email to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest.
We want to be very clear: We will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. Except as might be required by law, we do not share any information we receive with any outside parties.
If you sign up for one of our email lists, we won’t share your name or email address with any outside parties.
Postal Addresses
If you supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from the Sacramento Zoo. Your name will not be sold, traded or shared with any other organization. If you have any questions, please email the Member & Visitor Services Office.
Kids and Privacy
For children who visit our site, special rules apply. We do not request personal information about children, such as first and last name or street address and city. When kids send email to us, their online contact information (email address) is not used to re-contact them and is not maintained in retrievable form.
Use of Links
Throughout our web pages, we provide links to other servers which may contain information of interest to our readers. We take no responsibility for, and exercise no control over, the organizations, views, or accuracy of the information contained on other servers.
Use of Text and Images
If you would like to publish information that you find on our website, please send your request to public relations. Where text or images are posted on our site with the permission of the original copyright holder, a copyright statement appears at the bottom of the page. Information about using our logo and images is available in the Press Room.
Accessibility
This website is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities, and to comply with federal guidelines concerning accessibility. We welcome your comments. If you have suggestions on how to make the site more accessible, please contact us at info@saczoo.org.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
If we make material change to this privacy policy, we will post the change at least fifteen days before the change takes effect and the change will apply only to information that we receive thereafter. This privacy policy takes effect on January 1, 2017.
Questions About our Policies
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us at:
Sacramento Zoo Website
3930 West Land Park Drive
Sacramento, CA 95822
916-808-5888
Email: info@saczoo.org
Connect with us
Stay informed. Sign up for our newsletter.
Sign Up For the Newsletter
3930 West Land Park Drive,
Sacramento,
CA 95822
916-808-5888
info@saczoo.org
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Pinterest
© 2020 Sacramento Zoo, All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Website by Blackbaud
In accordance with state and county COVID-19 restrictions,
the Sacramento Zoo is temporarily closing
as of 5 pm on December 10, 2020.
Thank you for supporting the zoo during this time.
Give today