http://www.delabs-circuits.com/main/privacy.html
delabs circuits
Electronic Engineering Schematics
Home
About Service delabs
Circuits
Resource Help Search
Pages
Advertise Privacy Desk
Home - Privacy and
Security
delabs Sites does not collect
or ask the visitor to provide any personal or private
information. delabs Sites does not use any technical or other
mechanisms to obtain your name, email, phone, address or any
other personal information. delabs understands the importance of
user privacy and will ensure that private information is not
collected by the web pages or software at delabs Sites.
Interactions
Communication in delabs Sites is done by email,
contact forms and forums, The Visitor can use these to give
limited details on his own accord and consent.
This information is used to reply and solve a technical
issue. The email, name or other details are not used by
delabs for any other purpose and is kept confidential.
Forums Discuss
Board and Design
Board.
Advertising
delabs Sites uses advertising companies to serve ads
when you visit the websites. These companies may use
information about your visits to this and other websites in
order to provide relevant advertisements.
The Advertisements, Web Stats, Registered User Login,
Gadgets etc. in delabs Sites do not collect any
personal information. They may use cookies, geographical
data from Browser and IP to improve user experience.
See - Advertising in delabs
and dapj
Ask or Tell delabs
Message at Contact Form
or delabs desk
delabs Sites
delabs Technologies
delabs
Circuits
Electronics
Circuits
dapj Tech
All delabs Sites are also available on SSL that means
Secure and Private Data over the web. Use https:// Prefix.
The Above URLs are of the Websites of delabs, Indicated as
the delabs Sites in all references above, Full List
below.
Brands
delabs, dapj, Anwheel and EEMetric are brands of delabs
Technologies.
The full list of Blogs and Sites of delabs are at delabs EE
Pages.
Misrepresentation - There are some websites, blogs
and profiles that use the delabs brand names. Some are mere
coincidence. Quite a few are impersonation, imitation and
plagiarism. These fake entitles use our brands to make
commercial gains by the misuse of Social Media and Digital
Marketing methods.
Linking
delabs Sites links or lists many good websites,
firms and pages with a summary of the description provided
on that website. These may be like the products, services or
other information that the webmaster of that site has
published for public view.
delabs Sites takes utmost care while linking to
pages of companies and individuals. The visitor is requested
to observe caution when he visits an external link, by means
of search, media, ads, pages or blogs.
Sections
In the Circuits FAQ
which answers Technical questions of users, The Question
Answer Thread for free support is published with the
Initials of the Name or Nickname of the user. No Personal
details of the Visitor is collected, the email is kept
confidential.
EE Open News - Allows
Anybody to Post Electronics Engineering News Anonymously.
These are Moderated and Published.
Public can submit in Anonymity an EE Firm or Tech Article
at EE design and also
comment or interact using Nicknames for full privacy.
Security
delabs Sites hosting is secure and precautions are taken to
make the Web Applications safe for user. There are rare
possibilities though, Just like any website, the security
could be breached and website compromised.
Redirection - When you try to visit a Website it
could lead you elsewhere. Visitors and Traffic may be
Hijacked at different points in the path. Right from your
Smartphone or Computer, to the Webhost, ISP, DNS,
Application, Cloud or CDN. It could also happen on any
Server in the path including VPNs.
delabs advises all people and companies to move to SSL
structure with https:// prefix for websites. This certainly
reduces the chance of misdirection and also makes the sites
safer for visitors.
delabs also requests visitors to use a Laptop or Desktop
with Linux for Optimum Privacy and Security.
Please be cautious while using the Smartphone, Social
Media, Instant Messengers and Apps; these are the source of
many of the Privacy and Security incidents we see today.
Before you start browsing the web, turn off location, clear
history and log out of all services, this enhances the
privacy and security of your Online Sessions.
It may be a good and safe idea to do all financial
transactions on a Laptop Browser with a Dedicated User ID
for solely that activity.
delabs Technologies
2nd Jan 2020
Learn Electronic Design
Schematics of delabs
- Circuit Diagrams, Design.
Soldermans Basics -
Tutorials, Theory, Fundamentals
Hobby Hound - Hobby,
DIY, Do it Yourself Projects.
Circuit Design Gopher -
Product Design, EDA, ASIC Design.
Circuits FAQ - Electronics
Design Notes and Answers
Power Electronics and Energy
- Power Supplies, Electricals.
ideas of delabs -
Innovative Elektrotech, Live Technologies.
Electronic Parts and Instruments
Electronic Components
- Parts, Instruments, Tools.
Embedded System Design
- Microcontroller, SOC, FPGA, ASIC.
Industrial Electronics
- Engineering Products Cladistics.
RF Wireless and Photonics -
Networking, Microwave, Optics.
Semiconductor
Devices - Diode, Transistor, IC Chips
Test and Measurement -
Instrumentation and Test Equipment
Electronics Engineering -
Digital Analog Power Junction.
Domains of delabs
Hobby DIY Electronics - Do
it Yourself, The World Over
delabs
Schematics - Electronic Circuits and Diagrams.
delabs Technologies -
Technology Blog and Product Design
EE Design Library -
Electronic Design Community.
Anwheel Industrials -
Process Control Systems.
EEMetric Instruments -
Test and Measurement.
delabs circuits
- Industrial Instrumentation Schematics.
Sections of delabs
Electronic Materials -
Electronic Components and Materials.
EE Circuits -
Electronic Engineering Schematic Diagrams.
EE Resource -  EE
Widgets and Technology Web Resources.
EE News - Electronic
Product News and Applications.
EE News
EE Design
EE Circuits
Anwheel Industrials
EEMetric Instruments
Electronics Circuits
Hobby DIY Garage
delabs Technologies
dapj Engineering
Disclaimer and Terms of usage
The documents, software, tools and links are provided to enhance
the ability of an electronics student, hobbyist or professional by
sharing information. The information, links etc. should be used by
the website visitor, at his or her own risk and responsibility.
There may be concept, design and link errors in the pages.
Creative Work, ideas and documents of delabs can be used for
Product Design and Development by R&D Engineers, Hobbyists,
Students and even firms for creating useful products. These cannot
be used for reprint, replication or publishing online or offline.