http://www.lonza.com/footer-pages/legal-disclaimer.aspx
Important Legal Notices and Privacy Statements
Your access and use of this website signifies your consent to and agreement with the terms and conditions specified below. Please read this Disclaimer before accessing our website further.
Lonza Group may, at any time, revise these terms and conditions by updating this page. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current terms and conditions.
No Warranty and No Liability
While Lonza Group Ltd. and its affiliates (collectively and individually, the “Lonza Group”) make efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information, they make no representations or warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information provided on this site and disclaim any liability for the use of this site or any site linked to it. Lonza Group may change this site at any time without notice but does not assume any responsibility to update it. Lonza Group makes no warranties, express or implied and assumes no liability in connection with any use of this publication and all agree that all access and use of this site and of any site linked to from this site and the information contained herein and therein are at their own risk. Neither Lonza Group (including its agents, directors, and employees) nor any other party involved in creating this site is liable for any direct, incidental, special, consequential, indirect or punitive damages or other damages arising out of your access to or use of this site, including but not limited to viruses or malware that may infect your computer equipment or software and any damages for lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or other data on your information handling system or otherwise, even if Lonza Group or other person or entity is advised of the possibility of such damages and whether such damages arise in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious or legal action.
No Offer and No Solicitation
The information provided on this site does not constitute an offer of or solicitation for the purchase or disposal of, trading or any transaction in any Lonza Group securities. Investors must not rely on this information for investment decisions.
Limited Use
Lonza Group hereby grants you the right to display, store and reproduce copies of this publication for personal use subject to the following conditions:
The publication may be used for internal purposes only and may not be sold or distributed for commercial or political purposes;
The publication may not be modified, diffused, reposted or transmitted in any respect;
The copyright notice must appear on every copy of the work or portion thereof.
Trademarks
The trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively, the "Trademarks") used or mentioned on this site are registered and unregistered trademarks of Lonza Group Ltd., one of its affiliates or third parties and are legally protected. Be aware that certain product names are trademarks, even if not specifically mentioned. Nothing on this site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right in or to the Trademarks without the express prior written permission of Lonza Group Ltd. or such other third party. Your misuse of the Trademarks on this site and in its conditions, is strictly prohibited.
Product Use and Recommendations
This site has been designed to provide general information about Lonza Group and its products. This site is not intended to provide any instruction on the appropriate use of products produced and supplied by Lonza Group. All recommendations for handling, storage or use of products, whether given in writing, orally, or to be implied from the results of tests are based on the state of Lonza Group's knowledge at the time such recommendations are made. Notwithstanding any such recommendations, you as the user of such products must make your own determination and satisfy yourself that the products supplied by Lonza Group and the information and recommendations given by Lonza Group are (i) suitable for intended process or purpose, (ii) are in compliance with environmental, health and safety regulations, and other regulations in the regions and countries where they are purchased, offered for sale, marketed, sold, and used  and (iii) will not infringe any third party's intellectual property rights.
Consent to Monitoring
Lonza Group is under no obligation to monitor the information residing on or transmitted to this website. However, anyone using this website agrees that Lonza Group may monitor the website contents periodically to: (1) comply with any necessary laws, regulations or other governmental requests; (2) operate the website properly; or (3) protect itself and its users. Lonza Group, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to modify, reject or eliminate any information residing on or transmitted to its website.
Submissions to This Website are Not in Confidence
Lonza Group does not want to receive proprietary information from you through this website. Should any user of information on this website provide Lonza Group with information, including but not limited to feedback, data, answers, questions, comments, suggestions, plans, ideas or the like, such information shall be deemed to be unsolicited, nonproprietary and non-confidential and shall become the property of Lonza Group assumes no obligation to protect such information from disclosure, subject to the Privacy Policy below with respect to user personal information. The submission of such information to Lonza Group shall in no way prevent the purchase, manufacture or use of similar products, services, plans and ideas by Lonza Group for any purpose whatever and Lonza Group shall have an unrestricted and irrevocable right to reproduce, use, publish, broadcast, disclose, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute the information to others without restriction and without compensation, subject to the Privacy Policy below with respect to user personal information.
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. Lonza Group will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Lonza Group to disclose the identity of or help identify or locate anyone posting any such information or materials subject to privacy laws.
Registered User Responsibilities
For those websites or portions of websites requiring users to be registered and to log in using an ID and/or a password, registered website users are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their user IDs and passwords. Registered users shall notify Lonza Group at webfeedback@lonza.com if their user ID and password is lost or stolen, if there is any change in their authorization or access for use of the password, or if their registered authorizations are revoked. Registered users agree that they will not provide their user ID and password to any other person and that any purported transfer, assignment or sublicense of the limited and revocable rights granted under these terms and conditions shall be void.
Some of the information included on this website was taken in its entirety from written materials previously distributed publicly by Lonza Group. All information included on this website speaks as of the date it was first published in print or as of the date it was published on this website or as of the actual date that appears on such particular information, whichever date is earliest. Republication on this website of previously distributed or printed material means that it was not updated from its date of original distribution or printing. Interested persons are referred to the regular financial media for news of important developments concerning Lonza Group.
Disclaimer of Endorsement
Reference herein to any products, services, processes, links to third parties or other information of third parties or to any trade name, trademark, manufacturer, and supplier or otherwise does not necessarily constitute or imply the endorsement, approval, sponsorship or recommendation by Lonza Group. Product and service information are the sole responsibility of each individual vendor. Your linking from this website to any other website is at your own risk and is for convenience only. Lonza Group does not express any opinion on the content of such third party information or sites and expressly disclaims any liability for all third party information and the use of it.
The posting of this website by Lonza Group is a passive activity. In itself access to this website by persons in any jurisdiction does not imply that Lonza Group intends to purposefully avail itself of the privilege of conducting activities within such jurisdiction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this website may be viewed worldwide and may contain references to products or services not available in all countries. References to a particular product or service do not imply that Lonza Group intends to make such products or services available in such countries.