https://www.britsoccrim.org/privacy/
Homepage
About Us
Conference
Membership
Postgraduates
PGBlog
Regional Groups
Networks
Publications
Research
CCJ
Newsletters
PBCC
BJC
Prizes
Media
Privacy Notice, Cookie Policy and Non-Discrimination
A new data privacy law – the General Data Protection Regulation or GDPR – was introduced in the UK in 2018 requiring every organisation that holds personal data to be clear about how they collect and use personal information.
We will not be changing the way we collect or use your information. Your privacy is very important to us and we only use the data you provide to improve the service we give you.
To help make it easier for you to find out what we do, we’ve created this Privacy Notice which includes details about:
your rights relating to the information we hold about you
how we keep your personal information safe
the types of personal information we use
the legal basis we rely on to use your information
This Privacy Notice covers any details you have shared with us.
If you have any questions about anything covered above, please email info@britsoccrim.org
Your rights relating to the information we hold about you
We collect contact information (such as name, email address, mailing address, and phone number) and payment information (including billing address, and bank account/PayPal information). You have the right to access and to rectify this information at any time by contacting us. Please note, you should contact us from the email/address we have on record for you.
How we keep your personal information safe
We use security software and identity theft protection software to keep our systems and your data protected. Our security mechanisms are designed to maintain an appropriate level of data confidentiality. We have administrative and technical safeguards which maintain security and prevents unauthorised access to member information.  The time periods for which we retain your personal information depend on the purposes for which we use it. We will keep your personal information for as long as you are a member and for no longer than is reasonably necessary for auditing and reconciliation purposes after you cease being a member, or to provide you with information you might request.
The types of personal information we use
We share payment information with the Charities Aid Foundation to process direct debit mandates. We also share your contact information with the publishers Oxford University Press and SAGE (if the category of membership you are applying for has journal subscriptions as a benefit of membership). We also share your email address with ‘MailChimp’, who service our bi-monthly bulletins. We may disclose the information we collect in order to facilitate our services to operate our business, to advertise or promote our services (for example sharing your name and email address with Regional Convenors or Conference Organisers), as required by law, or with your consent.
The legal basis we rely on to use your information
We are compliant with existing UK Data Protection legislation (https://www.gov.uk/data-protection).  We have ‘legitimate interests’ to process your data in the way that we do.
We don’t collect any personal information from browsers visiting public areas of our website. We only gather aggregate anonymous information – for example how many people view each page at what time of day and from where – so that we can make sure we’re doing a good job and to make our site better. When we give hypertext links to other locations on the Internet, we do it for information purposes only. We’re not responsible for the content of any other websites or pages linked from or to this site, and we haven’t verified the content of any sites we link to. If you follow links to any other websites or pages, this is at your own risk, and we won’t be responsible or liable for any damages or losses connected to anything you click on.
Cookie Policy
This site does not store personal information in cookies.
Your computer collects information about your use of our website through cookies. Cookies are information files stored on your computer, tablet or smartphone that help websites remember who you are and information about your visit. They are not stored on this website.
The exception are analytics cookies although these do not store personal information about you. We do not collect information about you as an individual or user.
Policy of Non-Discrimination
The Company is committed to a policy of non-discrimination and equal opportunities in regard to its membership and its activities