http://www.kentarchaeology.org.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Info
Contact
Join
Search
Main navigation
About Us
About Us
Who's Who
Groups
Grants
Elections
News
News and Events
Events Calendar
Curator's Corner
Publications
Archaeologia Cantiana
KAS Magazine
Member Publications
Archaeological Reports
Research
Monumental Inscriptions
Tithes
Wills
Visual Records
Place Names
Pipe Rolls
Transcriptions
Library
Privacy Policy
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our members and supporters. We take your privacy seriously and treat all the information you give us with great care.
Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, store and use the personal information you give to us. If you have any questions concerning your personal data and how we look after it then please contact us at membership@kentarchaeology.org.uk. Alternatively, if you would like to update how you would like to hear from us please contact memberhip@kentarchaeology.org.uk.
Membership is extended to children (being persons under 18 years) and some processing of data relating to children is therefore required. Extra consideration is taken of the rights and risks to children in relation to data processing.
As a data controller we fully comply with the Data Protection Act 2018, the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and other relevant legislation.
We are recorded on the ICO Data Protection Register under registration number Z1093095
Kent Archaeological SocietyMaidstone MuseumSt Faith’s StreetMaidstoneME14 1LH
Registered Charity 1176989
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
WE PROMISE:
To be clear about why we need to collect your personal information and what we are going to use it for
To make it easy for you to tell us how you would like us to keep in touch
To only collect the information, we need to make sure we deliver the best service
To never sell or share your personal information, or knowingly allow other organisations to use it for marketing
To take good care of your personal information, and make sure it is up to date, safe and secure at all times
To make sure that any suppliers or partners who carry out work on our behalf meet the same high standards that we adhere to when handling your personal information
POLICY OVERVIEW
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We collect personal information from our members and supporters who use our website; from visitors to our library; attendees at our conferences and participants in KAS activities; supporters who apply to become members, make a purchase or donation and from those who get in touch with us directly. We do this both electronically and in paper format.
In addition, we also collect details automatically about the pages you visit on our website. Please see our Cookies policy below for more information.
In choosing to share your personal information with us, you will be agreeing to our collection and use of your information as described in this policy. If you no longer want us to process your personal details you can ask us to stop at any time by contacting membership@kentarchaeology.org.uk.
We use the information you share with us to:
Make sure you receive the product, service or information you have requested or bought
Carry out reasonable administration of your membership, donations, bookings, volunteering and other services
To keep in touch with you in the way that you want us to
To better understand our supporters so that we can personalise and improve the services we offer
To maintain an archive in the public interest and for scientific and historical research purposes.
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the conditions necessary for  providing a service to you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
For details of how we do this please see the full policy below.
We will need to make changes to this policy from time to time, to make sure that we are always providing you the latest information about what is happening to your personal information.
This policy was last updated on 25th October 2020
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW?
We collect personal information about you that helps us to deliver and improve our services.
This includes:
Name and address
Email address and telephone numbers
Date of birth, when required
Payment information such as credit card and bank details
How you would like to hear from us
Details of purchases, membership, Gift Aid Declarations, donations and gifts in your will
Details your volunteering activity
Enquiries and feedback
Interaction with our social media pages
If you have provided details for someone else, for example by buying a gift for them, we will not contact that person until they have been given the opportunity to let us know their communication preferences. If you have contacted us on behalf of an organisation, we will also store details of the organisation concerned.
When visiting our website, we also collect information about your IP address and the pages you visit. This helps us to understand which areas of our website are most useful to our supporters and make improvements. This does not tell us who you are and where you live until you choose to provide us with that information.  Please see our Cookies policy below for more information.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your contact and financial data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
apply for our products or services;
become a member and subscribe to our service or publications;
create an account on our website;
approach us with a query, interest or find
request marketing to be sent to you;
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from third parties such as:
analytics providers such as Google based outside the UK and EU;
social media providers such as Facebook and Twitter based outside the UK and EU.
WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION? PROCESSING:
We will make sure that you receive the product or service you have requested, process any payments and send you information relating to that service.
If you have joined as a Member this will include sending you confirmation of your purchase and membership materials such as membership cards, information on how to use your membership, regular magazines, handbook and email newsletters. We will also send you information about membership renewal and information relating to your Standing Order or Direct Debit payments when this has been used.
If you have made a donation, this will include thanking you for your support and will share this information with HMRC if you have completed a Gift Aid declaration.
We will process your personal information in the legitimate interests of Kent Archaeological Society for the furtherance of our charitable purposes including scientific and historical research and archiving.
We will also do our best to keep your information up to date. This includes monitoring returned mail to let us know if you no longer live at the address, we hold for you. Please do let us know if your details have changed.
CHANGE OF PURPOSE
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
MARKETING AND COMMUNICATIONS:
Receiving information from Kent Archaeological Society will always be your choice, and you can choose how you would like to receive that information from us.
You can also change your mind at any time, and we will keep your preferences up to date.
We limit the number of marketing communications we send to make sure we are not sending you too much. The maximum you would receive is one per month, in addition to communications that are not marketing related described above.
We may at times invite you to events for fundraising, or ask you if you are able to support us further but only if appropriate and in line with this privacy policy.
We will only contact you for marketing purposes by telephone or text message (SMS) if you have told us we can.
We will only contact you by email if you have told us you would like to hear from us this way, or to let you know about services you have previously bought. Every email will tell you how to contact us if you wish to change how we send information or to cease sending information.
We may contact you by post, however you can also stop this at any time by contacting membership@kentarchaeology.org.uk.
WHO WILL HAVE ACCESS TO MY INFORMATION?
Your information will be only be accessible to our trustees, volunteers and contractors if they are trained and it is appropriate in order for them to carry out their role in line with this Privacy Policy.
We will never sell your personal information, or knowingly allow other organisations to use it for their own purposes.
We will only share your personal information where:
We are legally required to, or as a result of a lawful request by a governmental or law enforcement authority.
We have engaged a supplier or contractor to carry out services on our behalf, such as order fulfilment, sending our communications or carrying out research and analysis.
We only work with trusted suppliers who have agreed to the terms of our Data Processor Agreement to treat your information as respectfully as we do and in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 2018.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
The security of your information is paramount to us. We use encryption for transfer of data and our networks are regularly monitored to ensure they remain secure.
We also regularly review our measures to ensure they are up to date and in line with latest developments, particularly when we are handling payment information.
If you have a password to allow access to certain parts of our systems, you must keep that password safe and not share it with anyone or your personal information could be at risk.
Data that is transmitted via the internet or in email, cannot be 100% secure. As a global environment, transmitting data to us may take place outside the UK and European Economic Area.
We will take every reasonable precaution to keep your information safe, but it cannot be guaranteed and so please be aware that any information you do transmit to us is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use our best effort to ensure its safety within our network, which sits within the European Economic Area.
We will hold your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to carry out services and administer your relationship with us and to comply with a legal obligation. We may hold some personal information indefinitely if it is for the purpose of maintaining an archive in the public interest and for scientific and historical research. This is a purpose that is compatible with the original purpose for collecting your personal information and provides an exemption from the need to comply with the storage limitation principle. .
If we dispose of your information, it will always be done securely.
HOW TO GET IN TOUCH AND UNDERSTANDING YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to a copy of the information we hold about you. This is called a subject access request.
If you would like to make a subject access request, you can do so by sending an email to the General Secretary email: secretary@kentarchaeology.org.uk. There is usually no charge for this.
You also have the right to have incorrect information corrected and the right to object to further processing of your personal information although this may affect the services, we can provide for you.
COOKIES
When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally. These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through, for example:
enabling a service to recognise your device so you don’t have to give the same information several times during one task.
recognising that you may already have given a username and password, so you don’t need to do it for every web page requested.
measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and there’s enough capacity to ensure they are fast.
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
To make it easy for you to use and share our website we embed features from other websites such as Facebook, and Twitter. Browsing the KAS website may place cookies from these third-party websites on your computer. KAS have no control over these cookies so it is not always possible to list them, and they are liable to change without notifying us.
We may refer to companies, organisations and public bodies and enable access to their websites directly from our website. Each company, organisation or public body operates its own policy regarding the sale of personal data and the use of cookies. If you have a particular interest in, or concern regarding the way your data will be used then you are advised to read the Privacy Statement on the relevant website.
In addition to these policies your personal data is protected in the UK by the Data Protection Act 2018. Under this Act we will only process any data we hold about you in a lawful, fair and transparent manner.
ACCESSIBILITY
We aim to conform to level Double-A of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0, which help make the web more user friendly for all people.
Our website should display correctly in the current and previous two versions of Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Safari and Opera. There may be some areas that require you to have JavaScript turned on to work.
While we strive to adhere to standards for accessibility and usability, there are areas we are still working on to improve such as providing video and audio transcripts, audio captions and audio descriptions. If you have concerns or issues you wish to raise, please contact itsupport@kentarchaeology.org.uk
If you need help or have any questions about this policy and your rights in regarding the processing of your personal information, please write to:
General Secretary Kent Archaeological Society Maidstone Museum St Faith’s Street Maidstone ME14 1LH
For broader advice and guidance please contact the data protection regulator:
The Information Commissioner
Telephone: 0303 123 1113
Website: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/