http://www.tesol.org/terms-of-use
Join
Log in
Support TESOL|
About TESOL|
Contact TESOL
This website uses cookies. A cookie is a small piece of code that gives your computer a unique identity, but it does not contain any information that allows us to identify you personally. For more information on how TESOL International Association uses cookies, please read our privacy policy. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can opt out by changing your browser settings.
Accept
Advancing Excellence in English Language Teaching
Read & Publish
Bookstore
TESOL Bookstore
Book Ordering Policies
About TESOL Press
Examination Copy Policy
Book Bundles
TESOL's 6 Principles
New Ways Series
Journals
For Libraries
Other Serial Publications
Grammatically Speaking
Grammatically Speaking, October 2009
Grammatically Speaking, June 2009
Grammatically Speaking, March 2009
Grammatically Speaking, December 2008
Grammatically Speaking, June 2008
Grammatically Speaking, March 2008
Grammatically Speaking, December 2007
Grammatically Speaking, September 2007
Grammatically Speaking, June 2007
Grammatically Speaking, March 2007
Grammatically Speaking, December 2006
Grammatically Speaking, September 2006
Grammatically Speaking, June 2006
Grammatically Speaking, March 2006
Grammatically Speaking, December 2005
Grammatically Speaking, September 2005
Grammatically Speaking, June 2005
Grammatically Speaking, March 2005
Grammatically Speaking, Winter 2004
Grammatically Speaking, Autumn 2004
Grammatically Speaking, Summer 2004
Grammatically Speaking, Spring 2004
Grammatically Speaking, Winter 2003
Grammatically Speaking, September 2008
Essential Teacher, Volume 6 (2009)
Essential Teacher, Volume 5 (2008)
Essential Teacher, Volume 4 (2007)
Essential Teacher, Volume 3 (2006)
Essential Teacher, Volume 2 (2005)
Essential Teacher, Volume 1 (2003-2004)
TESOL Journal
TJ Member Access
Meet the TESOL Journal Editor
Contact TESOL Journal
TJ Special 2020 Issue: Call for Proposals
TJ Special 2020 Issue: Call for Proposals: Social Justice
TJ Special 2021 Issue: Call for Proposals
TJ Special 2021 Issue: Call for Abstracts: Incidental and Informal Vocabulary Learning
TJ Special 2022 Issue: Call for Special Issue Proposals
TESOL Quarterly
Individual Subscriptions to TESOL Quarterly
How to Get Copies of TESOL Quarterly Articles
TESOL Quarterly Research Guidelines
Qualitative Research: Case Study Guidelines
Qualitative Research: Conversation Analysis Guidelines
Qualitative Research: (Critical) Ethnography Guidelines
Quantitative Research Guidelines
Informed Consent Policy Statement and Release
TESOL Research Agenda, August 2004 (PDF)
Contact TQ Editorial Staff
Special-Topic Issues of TESOL Quarterly
Back Issues Order Form (PDF)
TQ Editor Search
Newsletters & Other Publications
TESOL Connections
Current Issues of TESOL Connections
TESOL Connections Archives (M)
Submit Features or Resources for TESOL Connections
TESOL Connections Monthly Giveaway
TC Call for Grammar Columnist
English Language
Bulletin
Interest Section Newsletters
AL Forum Newsletter
AL Forum Submission Guidelines
Bilingual Basics (B-MEIS)
Bilingual Basics Submission Guidelines
Pre-K-12 News
EEIS News Submission Guidelines
ESP News
ESP News Submission Guidelines
Global Neighbors (EFLIS)
Global Neighbors Submission Guidelines
HEIS News
HEIS News Submission Guidelines
ICIS News
ICIS News Submission Guidelines
IEPIS Newsletter
IEPIS Newsletter Submission Guidelines
ITAIS Newsletter
ITAIS Newsletter Submission Guidelines
On CALL
On CALL Submission Guidelines
Secondary Accents
Secondary Accents Submission Guidelines
SLW News
SLW News Submission Guidelines
TSR Newsletter
TSR Newsletter Submission Guidelines
SSDIS Newsletter
TESOL Professional Papers and Briefs
TESOL Blog
Call for TESOL Bloggers
Rights and Permissions
Permissions FAQs
TESOL Web Linking Policy for Outside Entities
Standards
Information for Authors
Submission Guidelines for Authors of Book Proposals
Connect to TESOL
Communities of Practice
TESOL Affiliate Network
Worldwide Affiliate Directory
Worldwide Affiliate Directory -- U.S. Affiliates
Worldwide Affiliate Directory -- Russian Affiliates
Worldwide Affiliate Directory -- Indian Affiliates
Colombian Affiliates
Affiliate Member Information
Affiliate News
Affiliate News, November 2010
Affiliate News: February 2010
TESOL Affiliate Network FAQ
Member Directory
TESOL Resource Center
Submit a Resource
myTESOL
Attend & Learn
International Convention
Dates & Locations for Past TESOL Conventions
Call for Proposals: Doctoral Forum
Call for Proposals: Master's Student Forum
Online Courses & Seminars
Technology Requirements for TESOL Online Courses
Registration Terms and Conditions for Online Courses
Register for an Online Course by Fax or Mail
Disclaimer for TESOL Certificate Programs
Requirements for Completion of TESOL Online Course
Continuing Education Units (CEUs)
Digital Credentials
Academies, Conferences & Symposiums
Upcoming TESOL Academies
Academy 2012 California Accommodations
Academy 2012 California Registration Terms
Seven Steps for Separating Difference From Disability (C-1)
Academic English Development Integrated With Math and Science Content (C-2)
GPS: A Roadmap to Comprehension (C-3)
Reading In and Beyond the Classroom (C-4)
21st Century Skills—What Do Teachers Need to Know? (C-5)
Working With International Student Writers (C-6)
Collaborating for English Learners' Academic Success (M-1)
It Takes Two to Tango: How Teachers Can Develop Language and Foundational Skills Through Meaningful Literacy Activities (M-2)
Making the Transition: Culturally Responsive Teaching for Adolescent and Adult English Learners With Limited or Interrupted Formal Education (M-3)
Academic Language and School Success (M-4)
Preparing Nonnative Speakers of English for Academic Writing Across the Curriculum (M-5)
Addressing ESL Learner Persistence: Strategies From Research and Practice (M-6)
Preparing Adolescent English Learners (ELs) for the Common Core: Practical Strategies for Tackling Complex Texts (B-1)
Implications and Applications of the Common Core State Standards in Mathematics for Effectively Teaching K–12 ELs (B-2)
Practices that Support English Language Learners in Rich CCSS-Aligned Instruction (B-3)
Advocating for English Learners:
K-12 Teachers and Teacher Educators Working Together (B-4)
Data-Driven Discussions: Using English Language Proficiency Data More Effectively (B-5)
Designing & Using Formative Assessments of Reading Comprehension for ELP, Content, & CCSS Standards (B-6)
RTI for Diverse Learners: Separating Difference and Disability (C-1)
Designing NGSS Science Lessons for All Students (C-2)
The Warp and Woof of Writing: More Than Text Alone Empowers Student Writers (C-3)
Designing and Using Formative Assessments of Reading Comprehension for State Standards (C-4)
Integrating Literacy Learners in the Multilevel ESOL Classroom (C-5)
Preparing Advanced Nonnative Speakers of English for Writing at the College Level (C-6)
Leadership and Management Fundamentals (K-1)
Facilitating Groups and Building Teams and How to Run Effective Meetings (K-2)
Training of Trainers: Enhancing Your ELT Continuing Professional Development Program (K-3)
The Five Ps of Effective Leadership and Professional Development
Tech Solutions for Low-Tech Situations
Strategies for Student-Centered, Rule-Based Activities and Spontaneous, Incidental Learning
Formative Assessment in South Asian Contexts
Creative Ways of Improving Language Skills
Taking ELT Materials to Task
Supporting ELLs with Collaborative Sense-Making in Science (N-1)
Developing English Language Development Units: Hands-on Workshop (N-2)
The Warp and Woof of Writing: More than Text Alone Empowers Student Writers (N-3)
Supporting ELs with Literacy Instruction in the Content Areas: Introduction to the ACCELL Framework (N-4)
2015 Academy: Stockton University
International Convention
Upcoming TESOL Symposiums
Cancun Symposium
Vietnam
Cancun Sessions & Presenters
venezuela symposium
Venezuela Sessions and Presenters
Research Sessions and Presenters
Past Academies, Conferences & Symposiums
Upcoming Regional TESOL Conferences
Singapore Regional Conference Keynote Speakers
Singapore - PCIs
Singapore Conference: Complete Session Titles
Certificate, Leadership Programs
TESOL Core Certificate Program
Benefits of Training Through TESOL
Frequently Asked Questions about the TESOL Core Certificate Program
TCCP Teacher Practicum
TCCP Registration
TCCP Application
TCCP Course Work
ELT Leadership Management Certificate Program
TESOL Certificate: Advanced Practitioner
Convention Grants
Calendar of Events
myTESOL Lounge Live
Advance the Field
Advocacy Resources
TESOL Advocacy & Policy Summit
2019 TESOL Advocacy and Policy Summit Highlights
Resources on Immigration and Refugee Concerns
AEFL Resources
ESSA Resources
WIOA Resources
TESOL Letters and Alerts
Reaffirming Our Core Values
TESOL Letters and Alerts 2015 and Earlier
Position Statements
Community and Family Resources for ELPs
Voter Registration
2020 U.S. Census Resources
Standards
TESOL/CAEP Standards for P-12 Teacher Education Programs
The Common Core State Standards and English Learners
Research
2018 TESOL Research Mini-Grant Recipients
2017 TESOL Research Mini-Grant Recipients
2019 TESOL Research Mini-Grant Recipients
TESOL Member Resolutions
Submit a Member Resolution
Member Resolution Archive
TESOL Member Resolution on International Advocacy (2007)
TESOL Member Resolution in Support of Professional Development Credit for Part-time, Adjunct, and Contingent Faculty (2006)
TESOL Member Resolution on U.S. Visa Issues for International Students and Educators (2005)
TESOL Member Resolution on Voting Rights of Retired Members (2005)
TESOL Member Resolution in Support of Campus Equity Week (CEW) and Conference on Contingent Academic Labor (COCAL) (2002)
TESOL Member Resolution on English Entrance Exams at Schools and Universities (2000)
TESOL Member Resolution Against Discrimination on the Grounds of Nationality (1999)
TESOL Member Resolution on Adult Education (1996)
TESOL Member Resolution to Change the Policy of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) on the Core English Requirem (1996)
TESOL Member Resolution Against Education Exclusion Acts (1995)
TESOL Member Resolution in Support of Academic Credit for Secondary ESOL (1995)
TESOL Member Resolution on Health Benefits for Part-Time Instructors in the United States (1994)
TESOL Member Resolution on United States "Chapter 1" Funding (1993)
TESOL Member Resolution o TESOL Member Resolution on United States K-12 Standards (1993) United States "Chapter 1" Funding (1993)
TESOL Member Resolution to Promote AIDS Education, through Content-Based ESOL Instruction (1992)
TESOL Member Resolution on ESOL Certification, Validation, and Licensure in Public Education (1991)
TESOL Member Resolution on Tuition Fee Surcharge to International Students (1988)
TESOL Member Resolution on the Use of Part-Time Instructors (1988)
TESOL Member Resolution on Language Rights (1987)
TESOL Member Resolution on Granting Credit for ESL in Institutions of Higher Education (1987)
TESOL Member Resolution on the Reduction of Nuclear Weapons (1984)
TESOL Member Resolution on the Education of Limited English Proficient Student in the United States (1981)
TESOL Member Resolution on Part-Time Faculty and Fringe Benefits (1981)
TESOL Member Resolution on Nonstandard English (1981)
TESOL Member Resolution on the Needs of Refugee Populations in English-Speaking Countries (1981)
TESOL Member Resolution on the Need for Qualified Full-Time Teachers (1981)
TESOL Member Resolution on Insurance for Part-Time Employment (1980)
TESOL Member Resolution on Employment Conditions (1980)
TESOL Advocacy Action Center
EnhanceYour Career
Online Career Center
Career Development
Beginning Your Career
Publications to Help You Get Started
Frequently Asked Questions About Starting a Career in TESOL
Finding Teacher Education Programs in TESOL
Tips for Evaluating Teacher Education Programs
Finding a Job in TESOL
Teaching Opportunities in the United States
Teaching Opportunities Outside the United States
Common Acronyms in the TESOL Profession
Tips for Evaluating Independent Certificate Programs
TEFL/TESL Certificate Programs and Distance Learning Programs
Common Qualifications for English Language Teachers
Professional Development for TESOL Graduate Students
TESOL's Tips for Evaluating Potential Employers
Advancing Your Career
Guide to Professional Development in TESOL
Directory of Degree & Certificate Programs
For Recruiters
TESOL Awards, Honors, & Grants
Outstanding Advocate Honor
Presidents Award
Convention Travel Grants & Scholarships
Research and Materials Awards
Professional Development Awards
Travel Grants
TESOL Award for an Outstanding Paper on NNEST Issues
The TESOL Leadership Mentoring Program
TESOL Awards for International Participation
The Meral Guceri TESOL/TEFL Travel Grant
The Albert H. Marckwardt Travel Grants
The Betty Azar Travel Grants for Practicing ESL/EFL Teachers
The Ruth Crymes TESOL Academies Fellowships
The University of Pittsburgh Travel Award
TESOL Awards for Excellence & Service
Ruth Crymes TESOL Fellowship
James E. Alatis Award
TESOL Teacher of the Year Award
D. Scott Enright Award
Virginia French Allen Award
TESOL Award for Distinguished Research
Mary Finocchiaro Award
Ron Chang Lee Award for Excellence in CALL
Teaching Materials Grant
Donations to the fund (Wufoo)
Online Application Form (Wufoo)
Past Recipients of TESOL Awards and Grants
2004-2005 TESOL Awards and Grants Recipients
2003-2004 TESOL Awards and Grants Recipients
2002-2003 TESOL Awards and Grants Recipients
2001-2002 TESOL Awards and Grants Recipients
2000-2001 TESOL Awards and Grants Recipients
1999-2000 TESOL Awards and Grants Recipients
Print
Email
In This Section
Terms Of Use
Home>
Terms Of Use
TESOL International Association ("TESOL"), as a convenience to you as a user or TESOL member (a "Member"), grants you access to websites (collectively, the "Site"), the Services (as defined below) and / or the Products (as defined below), in each case conditioned on your acceptance of the terms, conditions and notices contained herein (these "Terms of Use"). For the purposes of these Terms of Use, "Services" means, collectively, the membership, subscription, professional development or other training, volunteer, polling, discussion and other related services provided in connection with the Site, and "Products" means, collectively, the publications, training and other materials and products available through the Site. Also, you are subject to the TESOL Privacy Policy and, when using any particular information, Products, Services or Content (as defined below) available through the Site, any additional terms and conditions posted in connection with such information, Products, Services or Content (collectively, "Additional Terms"). You agree that TESOL may modify these Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and any Additional Terms at any time and from time to time, with or without notice to you. When you access, use or browse the Site, the Products, and / or the Services, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms of Use and any Additional Terms.
1. Acceptance of Terms
Please read these Terms of Use and TESOL's Privacy Policy carefully. By using the Site and / or Services, you agree to these Terms of Use, and you consent to the collection and use of information as described in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use and the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy, you must exit the Site immediately and discontinue any use of information, Products, Services or Content from the Site.
2. Copyright
Subject to Section 4 hereof, the Site, any content, including, without limitation any text, source code, programs, specifications, images, audio files, articles, press releases, brochures, manuals and other information or content available through the Site, including, without limitation, the Products and the Services, as well as the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, the "Content"), is the sole property of TESOL and / or its licensors and is protected by patent, trademark, copyright and other intellectual property laws. Unless otherwise provided by the applicable Additional Terms the Content shall not be used except in accordance with these Terms of Use or with TESOL's express written consent. Other than as necessary for your use of the Site in accordance with these Terms of Use or the applicable Additional Terms or as otherwise agreed in writing by TESOL, TESOL grants no other privileges or rights in the Content to you, and you must keep intact all patent, trademark, copyright and other proprietary notices on the Content. Any Content owned by TESOL's licensors may be subject to additional restrictions.
We expect users of this Site to respect the intellectual property rights of others. We may remove material that appears in our sole discretion to infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others and we will terminate the access rights of any repeat infringer. If you believe a work you own that is protected by a U.S. copyright has been posted on this Site without authorization, you may notify our copyright agent, and provide the following information:
a. A physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;
b. Identification of the copyrighted work or works claimed to have been infringed;
c. A detailed description of the material you claim is infringing, together with information sufficient to enable us to locate it, including the URL where the infringing material appears;
d. Your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address;
e. A statement by you that you believe in good faith belief that the copyrighted material identified is being used in a manner that is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and
f. A statement by you that the above information is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright allegedly infringed.
To notify TESOL of claimed copyright infringement in accordance with Section 512 of the Copyright Act, please contact:
permissions@tesol.org
Tel: +1 703.518.2500
3. Trademark
All trademarks, service marks, trade names and trade dress, whether registered or unregistered (collectively the "Marks") that appear on the Site are proprietary to TESOL or their respective owners. You may not display or reproduce the Marks other than with the prior written consent of TESOL, and you may not remove or otherwise modify any trademark notices from any Content received through the Site.
4. Assignment
By submitting, uploading or transmitting any articles, survey or poll responses, curricula, lesson plans, programs, ideas, feedback or other posts, information, questions, suggestions, submissions or other materials (“User Content”) to the Site, you represent and warrant that you own or have all rights necessary to submit, upload or transmit such User Content and otherwise use it for your intended purpose. You hereby grant TESOL a worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free, unrestricted license to use, copy, reproduce, distribute, sub-license, modify, edit, adapt, translate, create derivative works of, publicly perform or display, transmit, broadcast or otherwise exploit all or any portion of your User Content, for any purpose, in any and all media now known or later developed, and to publish your screen name in connection with your User Content. You waive all rights to any claim against TESOL for any actual or alleged infringement of any proprietary rights, rights of privacy or publicity, moral rights and rights of attribution in connection with the User Content, and you acknowledge and agree that you are not entitled to receive any compensation for any User Content you submit, upload or transmit in connection with this Site.
5. Use and Restrictions
The Site is provided solely as a convenience to you. You may use the Site, the Products and the Services only in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with these Terms of Use and any applicable Additional Terms. You further agree that you shall not:
a. unless otherwise permitted by TESOL in the applicable Additional Terms or a separate agreement, modify, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works of, transfer, or sell any Content;
b. other than for your use of the Site, the Products and / or the Services as expressly permitted in these Terms of Use, access or attempt to access any systems or servers on which the Site is hosted or modify or alter the Site in any way;
c. submit, display or transmit any User Content, or any content via the systems or services on which the Site are hosted, in violation of any proprietary rights of, or your contractual obligations to, any third party, or in violation of applicable laws, rules and regulations;
d. submit, display or transmit any images, photographs, graphics, links, audio files, video files or similar content with the intent to interrupt, limit or otherwise impact the performance of the Site or otherwise exceed TESOL’s bandwidth capacity;
e. submit, display or transmit any spam, duplicative messages, unauthorized promotions or advertisements, surveys, contests, chain letters or pyramid schemes;
f. forge headers, create a false identity or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to deceive others or disguise the origin of any Content transmitted to or via the Site;
g. use the Site, Products and / or the Services to threaten, defame, abuse, assault, stalk, harass or otherwise violate the rights of any other person or entity, including, without limitation, rights of privacy or publicity;
h. publish, post, display or disseminate any profane, obscene, indecent, unlawful, terroristic, violent or hateful Content;
i. offer, sell, broker, purchase or seek any unethical, profane, obscene, indecent, unlawful, terroristic, violent or hateful services;
j. collect, store, publish, post, sell, transmit or disclose personal data about other Members or users of the Site unless authorized to do so;
k. upload or otherwise transmit files that contain viruses, worms, Trojan horses, malicious code, spyware, adware, sniffers, corrupted files or similar software or programs; or
l. restrict or prevent any other Member or other user of the Site from using the Site, Products and/or the Services.
6. Fees
TESOL charge fees for certain Products and Services, including, without limitation, memberships, subscriptions, professional development programs, and publications. We may change our fees from time to time and at any time without notice to you. Unless otherwise stated, all fees are expressed in U.S. dollars. You are responsible for any fees incurred in connection with the Services, the Products and / or your use of the Site, and all applicable charges, expenses, tariffs and taxes.
If you have applied to become a Member of TESOL, your membership will begin immediately after we successfully process your application and payment and will remain in effect unless: (a) expressly cancelled by you within 30 days of the start date by emailing or calling our Customer Service Center or
(b) suspended or cancelled by TESOL in accordance with the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use or any applicable Additional Terms and Policies. No refunds of membership dues will be provided after 30 days from the start date of the membership.
Customer Service Center
member@tesol.org
888.891.0041
Outside the US: +1 240.646.7037
You acknowledge that TESOL may offer membership discounts from time to time and these discounts can only be applied to membership purchased after a discount is offered and cannot be retroactively applied at any time. Discount is limited to a single purchase per one customer. You agree that you will provide valid and accurate credit card and / or other payment or account information, which you are authorized and legally entitled to use to pay for any membership, subscription, or other Products or Services
7. Use: Members
The Site, the Content, the Products and the Services are not intended to be used by individuals under the age of eighteen (18).
You may access and browse certain areas of the Site and the Content without registering and / or becoming a Member. You must become a Member in order to access certain Products and Services or participate in certain discussion boards, forums, leadership opportunities or other TESOL programs. In order to become a Member, you must complete the registration and payment process. The registration and payment processes require, among other things, that you provide current, complete and accurate information as requested on the applicable registration and payment forms and that TESOL is able to successfully process your payment information. If you are registering on behalf of a school, school system, business entity or other organization, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to provide the required information and bind the organization to these Terms of Use and the applicable Additional Terms.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge and agree that TESOL, in its sole discretion and without notice or any further obligation to you, may: (a) temporarily suspend or permanently discontinue your, and refuse any and all current and future, access to or use of the Site and / or the Products and Services, or (b) take any other necessary or appropriate actions in case of technical problems, objectionable material, false, misleading, unlawful or inaccurate postings, articles or other contributions.
8. Monitoring
TESOL has no obligation to monitor the Site. However, TESOL reserves the right to review any User Content, and remove, delete, redact or otherwise modify such User Content, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, without notice or further obligation to you. TESOL has no obligation to display or post any User Content. TESOL reserves the right to disclose, at any time and from time to time, any information or User Content that TESOL deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, contract obligation, legal or dispute process or government request.
9. Modifications
As noted above, TESOL reserves the right, at any time and from time to time, without notice, to modify, alter, or update these Terms of Use, and your continued use of the Site, the Products and / or the Services after such modifications, alterations or updates signifies your agreement to be bound by such modifications, alterations or updates. TESOL may also, directly or indirectly, make improvements and / or changes in the Site, the Products and / or the Services, Membership Benefits, or any portion thereof at any time without notice or obligation to you.
Any Content, Products, Services, prices, specifications, designs, conditions or product descriptions offered or posted on the Site are subject to modification or discontinuation at any time and from time to time without notice or obligation to you. Without limiting the foregoing, TESOL reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to charge fees for the use or purchase of, or access to, any products, Services, Products or Content offered through the Site, at any time and from time to time, regardless of whether such products, Services, Products or Content were previously offered at no charge.
10. Confidentiality
You acknowledge and agree that any user name, login code, identifier or password (each, a "Password") is confidential information. You must maintain the confidentiality of any Password, and you may not disclose such Password to any other person or entity or permit any other person or entity, whether or not a Member, to access the Site or the Services using such Password. You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for any use of your username, user ID, login and / or Password, including any fees incurred. You agree to notify TESOL immediately of any unauthorized use of any Password or any other breach of security of which you are aware. You may not use any Password that is not issued directly to you or approved by TESOL.
TESOL cannot be responsible, and disclaims all liability in connection with, the use of any information that you submit, post or display on the Site. You should use caution when posting any information, including personally identifiable information to the Site.
11. Links to TESOL Websites
We encourage links to the Site for noncommercial, informational, and educational purposes. By linking to the Site you agree that:
a. You will not use the link to promote the sale of goods, services, or causes; to suggest endorsement by TESOL of any goods, services, or causes; or otherwise to misrepresent your relationship with TESOL.
b. Your link will be in text only in the form of www.tesol.org, directing the user to the website home page. You may not otherwise use the TESOL logos, trademarks, or mastheads unless you have a written agreement with us.
c. You will not mirror the home page (or any other pages) of TESOL or frame the content of the Site, in whole or in part, on your website.
d. You will not present the content appearing on the Site as your own.
e. You will not provide a link to the Site in any context containing content that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene, harassing, or criminal, or which may infringe or is in violation of the rights of any third party.
f. TESOL will not be liable for any damages or claims arising as a result of your link to the Site.
g. TESOL reserves the right to terminate any links to the Site at any time in its sole discretion, and you agree to remove your link upon TESOL’s request.
For additional details and contacts, visit Rights and Permissions.
12. Release
In the event that you have a dispute with one or more Members or users of the Site, you hereby irrevocably release TESOL and its directors, officers, agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, successors and assigns from any claims, demands or damages, direct, indirect or consequential, of any kind, known or unknown, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of, related to or in connection with any such dispute. If you are a California resident, you hereby waive California Civil Code § 1542, which says "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor."
13. Warranties and Disclaimer
Except as expressly provided by the applicable additional terms, the site and any content, products and services contained on the site, including links, are provided on an "as is" basis with no warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted by law, TESOL disclaims all representations and warranties, express or implied, with respect to the site, the content, the products, the services, including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, freedom from computer viruses or other malicious or unauthorized code or programs, and implied warranties arising from course of dealing or course of performance. In addition, TESOL does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via the site is accurate, complete or current. As a condition of your use of the site, you warrant to TESOL that you will not use the site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms of use.
14. Limitation of Liability
TESOL and its officers, directors, employees, agents, suppliers, licensors and third party partners will not be liable for any indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever, whether or not TESOL has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages, whether in an action under contract, tort, or any other theory, arising out of or in connection with any errors or omissions, viruses or other malicious or unauthorized code or programs, the use, inability to use, or performance of the site or the content, products or services available from the site or any loss, business interruption or other damages in connection therewith. Without limiting the foregoing, TESOL's liability in connection with the site, the content, the products, the services or these terms of use shall be limited to the amount paid for the site, the content, the products or services giving rise to the claim. These limitations will apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy.
15. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless TESOL and its officers, directors, employees, agents, suppliers, licensors and third party partners from and against all claims, losses, expenses, damages and costs (collectively, "Damages"), including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from: (a) any violation by you of these Terms of Use or any applicable Additional Terms, and (b) any User Content provided by you.
16. Dispute Resolution
If any controversy, dispute or claim arising out of or related to your use of the Site, the Products and / or Services or any of the Content arises, the dispute will be resolved exclusively by binding arbitration in accordance with the then-current Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration Association. However, TESOL will have the right to petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the entry of injunctions and orders for specific performance relating to your unauthorized use, modification, copying, distribution, transmission, display, performance, reproduction, publication, license, creation of derivative works, transfer or sale of the Site, the Products, the Services, the Marks and / or the Content.
17. Governing Law
Except as provided in the second sentence of Section 16, all litigation, court proceedings, arbitration proceedings, mediation proceedings, lawsuits, court hearings and other hearings initiated in connection with the Site, the Products and / or Services and / or the Content must and will be held exclusively in Alexandria, Virginia, USA. These Terms of Use and the relationship between you and TESOL will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, USA, without giving effect to principles of conflict of laws of any jurisdiction. If any part of these Terms of Use is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these Terms of Use shall continue in effect.
18. Miscellaneous
If any provision of these Terms of Use or any Additional Terms is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect the effectiveness or validity of any provision in any other jurisdiction, and these Terms of Use or the applicable Additional Terms will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such provision had never been contained herein. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and TESOL as a result of these Terms of Use, any Additional Terms, our Privacy Policy or use of the Site, the Products and / or the Services. TESOL's performance of these Terms of Use and any Additional Terms is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in these Terms of Use, any Additional Terms or our Privacy Policy is in derogation of TESOL's right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Site or information provided to or gathered by TESOL with respect to such use. These Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and any Additional Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and TESOL with respect to the Site, the Products and the Services, and they supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and TESOL with respect to the Site, the Products and the Services. In the event of a conflict between these Terms of Use and the terms and conditions of any of the foregoing with respect to the Site, the Services, the Products or any Content, the Additional Terms shall control with respect to their subject matter. The Section titles in these Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. We may provide notice to you hereunder by posting announcements to the Site. A printed version of these Terms of Use and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial, arbitration or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
TESOL Publications
TESOL Bookstore TESOL Quarterly TESOL Journal TESOL Connections English Language Bulletin White Papers & Research Briefs TESOL Annual Report
Professional Development
Online Career Center Career Development Degree & Certificate Programs TESOL Live Learning Center Annual Convention Online Courses
About the Association
Staff Directory Board of Directors Join TESOL Advocacy Action Center Advertise with TESOL Standards
Follow us on Twitter
Like us on Facebook
Connect with us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Instagram
Share this page with others
Privacy Policy |
Contact Us | Terms of Use | Sitemap
© 2014 TESOL International Association | EIN #23-7003530