https://www.idex-hs.com/about-us/legal-notices/general-conditions-for-use-of-this-site/
HomeAbout UsLegal NoticesGeneral Conditions for Use of this Site
General Conditions for Use of this Site
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Purchase Order Terms & Conditions of Sale
Chemical Compatibility Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
General Conditions for Use of this Site IDEX HST (also known as the IDEX Health & Science Group) maintains this Internet site (the “Site”) for your personal information, education, and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial and personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use the content of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without IDEX HST’s written permission.
Your access to and use of the Site is also subject to the following conditions (“General Conditions”) and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the General Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreements between you and IDEX HST are superseded and of no force or effect.
General Conditions
You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these General Conditions or in the text on the Site without the written permission of IDEX HST. IDEX HST neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with IDEX HST.
While IDEX HST uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information in the Site, IDEX HST makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. IDEX HST assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Site.
Your use of and browsing in the Site are at your risk. Neither IDEX HST nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. IDEX HST also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the Site.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as confidential and proprietary.
Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, IDEX HST. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these General Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy, publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the “Trademarks”) displayed on the Site are registered and common law including Trademarks of IDEX HST and others. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of the Trademark owner. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these General Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that IDEX HST will enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of legal prosecution.
IDEX HST has not reviewed all the sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the content of any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Although IDEX HST may from time to time monitor or review Site content, IDEX HST is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on the Site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law.
Software from this Site may be further subject to United States or any other country’s export laws, rules and regulations, as amended from time to time. Check your local laws and regulations accordingly before downloading or exporting any software from this Site.
IDEX HST may at any time revise these General Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current General Conditions to which you are bound.
IDEX Health & Science is the global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. Intelligent solutions for life.