https://www.honoluluzoo.org/privacy-policy/
Visit
Visit Honolulu ZooGuest ServicesZoo MapPlan Your EventGroup Field Trips
Membership
Become a MemberMembership RenewalsGift of Membership
Education
Zoo Camp ProgramsZoo to YouSnooze at the ZooTwilight Tours
Animals
AmphibiansBirdsMammalsReptilesAnimal Enrichment
CONSERVATION
Animal Health CenterConservation Partners
Get Involved
DonateCorporate PartneringGiving TreeAnimal Enrichment
Animal Enrichment Wish Lists
Amazon SmilePayroll Deductions & Employer GiftsPlanned GivingVolunteer
About
MissionSociety Board MembersCareersNewsZOO ETIQUETTE
ContactOnline Store
we're stronger togetherTHE HONOLULU ZOO'S PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Statement discloses the privacy practices of the honoluluzoo.org website (the “Site”). Other terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Site are contained in thehonoluluzoo.org Website Terms of Use statement on the previous page.
In this Privacy Statement “we” and “us” refer to The Honolulu Zoo & Honolulu Zoo Society, Inc. and “you” and “your” refer to user of the Site. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Statement shall have the same meaning as is assigned to them in thehonoluluzoo.org Website Terms of Use.
Because honoluluzoo.org is committed to your privacy, we provide this information on our information practices:
What personally identifiable information about you is collected through the Site;
How the information is used;
With whom the information may be shared;
What choices are available to you regarding our collection, use and distribution of the information;
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control; and How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection and Use
We collect information from our users at a variety of locations on our Site. We are the sole owner of the information and will not sell, share or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this Privacy Statement.
Registration
In order to use certain areas of the Site, you first must register as a Member or Agent. During registration, you may be required to give contact information and other personal information (e.g., your address, phone number and unique identifier). We use this information to contact you about the services available on the Site, and to verify your identity when you use this Site.
E-Mail and Other Communications
We may communicate with you through e-mail, postal mail, courier or overnight delivery mail, telephone calls or faxes to confirm rates, describe our services, or to contact you regarding your transactions or inquiries on the Site. We collect relevant contact information for these purposes.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies may include information such as the user or session ID, or other information that identifies a user. Cookies allow us to confirm that you are a valid user as you navigate through the Site.
Once you close your browser, or once you are logged off the Site, the cookie simply terminates. By accepting cookies from the Site, you would not have to log in with a password more than once during a session. You can configure your browser not to accept cookies. If you reject the cookie, you can still use the Site, although your use will be limited.
Log Files
Your computer reaches us via an Internet Protocol or “IP” address. This can tell us things such as what part of the world you are connecting from. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Information Sharing
We may provide or sell aggregated demographic information to other companies. Aggregated information means information that is a collection of data about many users, and from which no data specific to any one user can be obtained. We also work with other companies, such as those which host our site, and those companies may therefore have access to some data on our servers. That access is subject to confidentiality protections that we place in our agreements with those companies, and they cannot use the data for any purposes other than those stated in the contract.
Links
This Privacy Statement applies solely to information collected by the Site. The Site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for and do not know the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that may collect user information.
Security
We take steps to protect our users’ personal information. E-mail sent to and from the Site may not be secure. Users should not send confidential information via unsecured e-mail. Communications to and from info@honzoosoc.org will not be encrypted.
Some information sent to and from the Site is sent in a “secured session” established with Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”). SSL encodes information that is being sent over the Internet between your computer and ours, helping to ensure that the information remains confidential during transit. The use of SSL requires that you have an SSL-compatible browser. Currently, Netscape 2.0 or higher, Microsoft’s Internet Explore 2.0 or higher, and the latest version of AOL are all SSL-compatible. Older versions of browsers will not support SSL sessions. If you do not have a browser with SSL capabilities, you can download an SSL browser from Netscape or Microsoft websites.
Our computers themselves are a segregated network through firewall technology. We use anti-viral software and restrict access to sensitive areas on our computers. Every one of our users should install and use, and keep up to date, software that screens for viruses and other harmful files that could damage data on systems operated or used by those users.
Surveys
From time to time, our Site may request information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose responsive information.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement Purposes
In addition to the circumstances described above, we may disclose your information if required to do so by law, court order, subpoena, or as requested by other government or law enforcement authority, or in our good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable including, without limitation, to protect your rights and others with whom we do business, or when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our rights or properties; or when anyone else could be harmed by such activities. Unless otherwise required by law or if notice would pose a danger to you or another party, we will notify you in writing prior to the release of any of your information.
Review and Correction of Information
If a user desires to change personally identifiable information, or no longer wishes to use our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us. This process can be initiated by e-mailing info@honzoosoc.org
Modification
We may change or modify our privacy policies from time to time. Any such changes or modifications will be effective immediately once they are posted on the Site. This Privacy Statement was last updated on January 11, 2017. We recommend that you periodically review this page. We do this so our users are always able to be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Statement under which the information was collected.
Further Information
If you have any further questions or concerns, please contact us at info@honzoosoc.org
808.926.3191 | info@honzoosoc.org | Honolulu Zoo Society © 2020. All rights reserved.
We're Open! Group size will be limited to no more than 5 people.Learn More
+
Aloha! To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too.
Accept