http://www.jobsfit4u.com/privacy
Find the Right Job that Fits
Login   |
Browse Jobs by Location   |
About Job Matching
Privacy Policy
We built JOBSfit4U to help people find jobs by matching their personality to jobs. We understand that the information that people share is
sensitive which is why we have designed this site with your privacy and data security as our core value. Your privacy is very important to us.
Information Collection and Use
The personal information gathered during the registration and career assessment process is used to help evaluate the fit between you and
opportunity of the (potential) employer. The data captured will not be shared with any employer unless you choose to share it.
Periodically, we collect the data on an aggregate basis for the purposes of validating the matching process between people and jobs.
You will not be personally identified during this process and the data are managed by trained research professionals who act in accordance
with current privacy legislation.
Any personal data collected here will not be shared with any person or organization for any other purpose than stated here.
Links
The JOBSfit4U website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other
websites. When leaving our website, be sure to read the privacy statements of each website that collects personally identifiable information.
Our privacy statement applies solely to information collected on the JOBSfit4U website.
Security
JOBSfit4U has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of information. We use industry standard procedures
and processes to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, such as firewalls, encryption, token authentication,
application proxies, monitoring technology, and adaptive analysis of network traffic to track abuse of our network and its data.
Unfortunately, when you submit information about yourself to JOBSfit4U over the Internet the information may travel over many systems
that are not under the control of JOBSfit4U. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of
information, we have put in place appropriate and typical physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure
the information we collect online.
Cookies
We store certain information from your browser using "cookies." A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to
information about the user. We use session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in. These cookies terminate once the user closes
the browser. By default, we use a persistent cookie that stores your login ID (but not your password) to make it easier for you to login
when you come back to JOBSfit4U. You can remove or block this cookie using the settings in your browser if you want to disable this
convenience feature.
IP Address
An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. All computer identification on the
Internet is conducted with IP addresses, which allow computers and servers to recognize and communicate with each other. Your IP address
does not contain your name but does provide additional demographic information.
JOBSfit4U does not release IP addresses to advertisers or third parties. We use your IP address to help diagnose or detect problems
with our server, for security reasons, to conduct system administration and site analysis, and to administer our website. Any demographic
information collected from your IP address is separated from your name and email address to protect your privacy.
Notification of Changes to the Privacy Policy
The JOBSfit4U Privacy Policy may be updated to increase our users' privacy protection or to improve our information practices. If there
are changes made in the future, the changes will not affect information already collected. Any changes to the JOBSfit4U Privacy Policy
will be available on this page for members to review.
If you have any questions about the JOBSfit4U Privacy Policy, the information practices of this website, send your request to
info@jobsfit4u.com.
JOBSfit4U.com (North America)        JOBSfit4U.fr (Europe - French)
Questions? Email info@jobsfit4u.com | About Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
| Follow us on:
Copyright © 2010 JOBSfit4U.com Inc. All Rights Reserved.