http://www.pine-environmental.com/pages/cookies-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Menu
Home
Policies
Cookies Policy
Cookies Policy
Quality
Health & Safety
Privacy
Environmental
Bribery & Corruption
Cookies Policy
Environmental and Safety Surcharge (ESS)
Cookies Policy
Your privacy is important to Pine. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Pine collects, and the ways in which Pine uses that personal information.
Cookies
When we provide services, such as this webpage, we want to make them as useful as possible. When delivering services over the internet it is common practice to store small amounts of information on your computer or phone. This information is stored by your web browser in small files called cookies. Cookies serve a number of possible purposes:
speed up websites by avoiding sending the same information every time
measure general usage of the website to help us improve
recognise returning visitors so we can highlight new / changed information since your last visit
You can block / remove cookies using your browser. A useful guide to doing this is available here.
There are two main types of cookies; first party and third party.
First party cookies: these are our own cookies, controlled directly by us and used to provide information about general usage of our site.
Third party cookies: these are cookies used by other companies’ tools which we are using to enhance our site, for example Google Analytics and Facebook Like buttons have their own cookies, which are controlled by them.
Personal information collection
Pine may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your use of this website;
information that you provide for the purpose of registering with the website;
information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services; and
any other information that you send to Pine.
Using personal information
Pine may use your personal information to:
administer this website;
personalise the website for you;
enable your access to and use of the website services;
publish information about you on the website;
send to you products that you purchase;
supply to you services that you purchase;
send you statements and invoices; and
send you marketing communications.
Where Pine discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Pine may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
Pine will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Pine will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that Pine collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Pine operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
Pine may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
Pine is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Policies
Quality
Health & Safety
Privacy
Environmental
Bribery & Corruption
Cookies Policy
Environmental and Safety Surcharge (ESS)
Who We Are
Pine is the leading provider of rental equipment in the nation for Environmental Monitoring Equipment, Sampling and Safety Supplies, Non-Destructive Testing and Visual Inspection Instruments, as well as Continuous Emissions Monitoring (CEMS) Equipment and EPA Protocol Gases.
Read More
Our Initiatives
At Pine we are committed to protecting the community and environment that we share by implementing high environmental standards in our workplace and striving to create a better place to live with help from the equipment and services that we provide.
Read More
Receive Product Updates
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
We have detected your location to be from Canada, would you like to go to our Canadian Store?
No, keep me here.
Yes, take me to the Canadian website