https://www.greenmotorsport.com/privacy-policy/
LEGAL NOTICE AND PRIVACY POLICY
Green Motor Sport is a professional not only committed to offering its clients the highest quality of the services it has, but also with scrupulous compliance with current legislation on privacy and the Internet.
That is why, through this notice, the service provider of the information society, provides the data that is required to make available to consumers and users, in accordance with the provisions of art. 10 of Law 34/2002, of July 11, on services of the information society and electronic commerce and on European regulations on the Protection of Personal Data. And all in the following terms:
1º. This web is property of Gordon Foaty with e-mail INFO@GREENMOTORSPORT.COM
2º. All brands, logos, trade names, distinctive signs, services, content, videos, texts, photographs, graphics, images, software, links and information of any kind that appear on this website are also owned byGreen Motor Sport, by what may not be reproduced, distributed, communicated publicly, transformed or modified without their express written authorization.
Green Motor Sport expressly reserves the rights of reproduction, modification, adaptation, public communication, maintenance, correction of errors, assignment, sale, rental, loan and any other right of intellectual or industrial property over the contents of the web, prohibiting the exercise of the foregoing rights without your express authorization.
The establishment of a link or link to another page or site on the Internet, does not imply in any case the acceptance and approval byGreen Motor Sport of its contents or services, and therefore assumes no responsibility for them.
Anyone who proposes to establish a link or link on this website must previously request the consent of its owner, reserving the right to claim any damages that may be caused by the establishment of this link or link without the necessary authorization.
3º. Privacy Policy:Green Motor Sport has proceeded to adapt to the current regulations for the protection of personal data, adapting all the necessary technical and organisational measures to guarantee the security of the personal data of its clients and users, and to avoid its alteration, loss, treatment or unauthorized access.
The personal data that may be collected through this website, will be treated in a fair and lawful manner in accordance with the principles and rights set forth in the legislation on Protection of Personal Data.
These data may be incorporated into files duly registered with the Spanish Agency for Data Protection, which are under the responsibility of Green Motor Sport , with the specific purposes that derive from properly complying with the services requested, and for sending communications (including publicity) that may be of your interest and always related to the services of Green Motor Sport .
Your data can not be transferred to third parties without your consent, with the exceptions established in the Law and with the exception of our treatment managers.
Users of the website may exercise their rights of access, rectification, deletion and others in relation to their data, before Green Motor Sport by e-mail, letter or person at the address indicated at the beginning.
Privacy policy summary:
BASIC INFORMATION ON DATA PROTECTION
Green Motor Sport Purpose Management of your data to provide services, answer your questions, bill you and / or send you commercial communications (advertising).
Legitimation Contract for the provision of services and consent of the interested party.
Recipients Assumptions required by law and in charge of treatment.
Rights Access, rectify and delete data, as well as other rights, as explained in the additional information.
Additional information See in attached text
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DATA PROTECTION:
1º. Who is responsible for the processing of your data?
Identity: Green Motor Sport.
Postal address: WOODHAM COURT, OFF PARAGON ROUNDABOUT,
WOKING, SURREY, GU215NJ, UK
Phone:  +44 (0) 7771 895 429
Email: INFO@GREENMOTORSPORT.COM
2º. For what purpose are your personal data processed?
Your data will be treated in order to provide services related to our activity, answer your questions, invoice you and also send you communications of an advertising nature on the same subject.
The data that is treated are mandatory and must be provided in any case, otherwise, the service could not be provided or meet the other purposes expressed.
3º. How long will your data be kept?
The personal data provided will be kept as long as the contractual relationship is maintained or while the deletion is not requested by the interested party. However, your data will remain blocked during the relevant limitation periods (five years, for the liability arising from the contract for the provision of professional services), in case of any liability on our part.
4th What is the legitimacy for the treatment of your data?
The legal basis for the treatment of your data is the execution of the contract for the provision of services.
The sending of commercial communications that can be made by the treatment manager, is based on your consent, which has been provided expressly and freely.
Your consent may be revoked at any time, and to be effective, you must expressly notify us of such revocation.
5th To which recipients will your data be communicated?
The data will be communicated -by legal imperative- to the Public Administrations with competence in the matter, and to our treatment managers (if you want more information about your identity, you can request it from us).
6º.What are your rights when providing your data?
Your rights are regulated by the General Regulation for the Protection of European Data, that is:
– Right to access or rectify your data, its deletion, opposition and limitation of its treatment, and its portability.
– Right to revoke your consent when it has been given for a specific purpose.
– These rights can be exercised by registered letter, e-mail or direct person and in writing at our headquarters, requesting us previously if you wish a form to that effect.
– It also has the right to complain before the Control Authority when it has not obtained satisfaction in the exercise of its rights, submitting a written request through the Registry (physical or electronic) of the same.
– If you want to expand information on what each of your rights consists of, you can request it by any means.
7th What is the origin of your data?
Your data has been received:
– Because he has provided them to us directly.
The data that is treated may consist of names, surnames, identification document, telephones, e-mails, postal addresses, bank details.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree