https://www.ese.ac.uk/es/cookie-policy
Cookie PolicyCookie PolicyThe websites www.ese.ac.uk and www.ese-students.com (hereinafter “Sites”) use cookies.Cookies are text strings created by a server and stored on the hard disk of your computer or any other device used by the user to have access to the Internet (smartphone, tablet) before being retransmitted to subsequent access of the user to the Internet.Cookies allow to collect information about user navigation on the Sites, for example to remind language preferences or the currency used for a purchase, and propose them to the next visit to facilitate the use of the Sites.Cookies may be stored permanently on your device and have a variable duration (so-called persistent cookies) or may disappear when the browser is closed or have a limited lifespan (so-called session cookies).Cookies can be installed by the Sites you are visiting (so-called first party cookies) or may be installed by other websites (so-called third party cookies ie. youtube, google adwords, social network).The Sites use first-party cookies, third-party cookies and other similar technologies, as further described below. Browsing and Functionality CookieThe Sites use session and persistent first party session cookies to ensure you with a safe and efficient surfing and use of the Sites as well as to improve the services rendered by the Sites.These cookies allow the recognition of the selected language and country from which you are connecting. These technical cookies recognize you during a new access to the Sites, and avoid you to enter your data each time. For example, if you have selected some items for a purchase inside your shopping bag, and you do not complete the current purchase, you will be able to resume and finalize it the next time you will be back to visit the Sites. Finally, functionality cookies enhance the browsing experience. Analytic CookiesThe Sites use Google Analytics cookies to collect information on the use of the Sites.Google Analytics settings provide the sharing of data with Google in order to use the following services: i) Benchmarking, aggregated and anonymous data can be used to help create features and publications that can give you a better understanding about what’s happening across your entire industry, ii) Technical support, to provide service and resolution to technical issues to enable Google to provide assistance iii) Account specialists, Google sales and marketing specialists to find ways to improve your experience with Google products.For more details and information, please visit the supplier’s page here:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/1011397?hl=enBy default, the analytical cookies using the entire IP address of website users to provide general geographic data in the reports.It is possible to disable Google Analytics’ cookies using a specific plug-in available at the following link:https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutData are collected only for institutional purposes and will not be sold for commercial purposes. For more information, see http://www.google.it/analytics/terms. Social CookiesThe Sites use third party cookies that allow users to interact with social networks (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn etc.) and in particular to share Site’s content through social networks mentioned above. Profiling CookieThe Sites use profiling cookies with which you can record the preferences observed during each visit and create profiles that allow you to send messages aligned to the preferences and more responsive to your interests, for example allowing you to display more quickly the products you are looking for or provide you with the article more similar. The Sites also allow the use of profiling third-party cookies that serve to make you see our business proposals even when you’re visiting other sites (retargeting). The cookies used in this site are the following:pll_language (WordPress Plugin Language selection)wp-settings-1 (WordPress)wp-settings-time-1 (WordPress)_ga (Google Analytics)_gid (Google Analytics)_gat_gtag_UA_130481048_1  (Google Analytics) Your rights to object and refuse cookiesAccessing any landing page of the Sites, a banner which contains a short information notice is shown to you. If you close the banner or you continue browsing by accessing any other section of the Sites or selecting any item of the same (e.g. in image or a link), you consent to the use of cookies.A “technical cookie” is used to remember your consent regarding cookies.You can know the information and how to disable third-party cookies by clicking on the links in the “Browser-Cookies” table below. BrowserCookiesInternet Explorerhttps://support.microsoft.com/en-nz/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookiesChromehttps://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=itFirefoxhttps://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computerSafarihttps://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/maciOShttps://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265After doing so, however, certain web pages may not perform correctly. For more information on cookies and to manage your third parties profiling cookie preferences we invite you to visit the following site: http://www.youronlinechoices.com. When you open the Sites, inside the “Your choices” area, you can find the list of the third parties companies and partners, who install cookies on our Sites (Company), verify the presence and the status of the installed cookies activity (Status) and manage the consent (choosing between On/Off). Expanding the dedicated selection (Info) to every company you can access to more information on the company and explore, via a link, to their specific information notice on cookie and privacy.Data collected using cookies will be processed by European School of Economics Italy LTD and any of our corporate affiliates. Your rightsAt any time, you may submit a request for access (i.e. request information on personal data collected, used, disclosed or processed by ESE, European School of Economics), as well as a request for integration, rectification, or erasure, or object to our processing of your personal data. Furthermore, you may also be able to exercise the following rights to restrict processing, data portability, and lodge a complaint with a data protection authority.In particular, you have the right to object and withdraw your consent, in whole or in part, to the collection, use, disclosure or processing of your personal data for purposes of dispatch of advertising material, direct selling or for the fulfillment of marketing surveys or commercial communication (e-mail).Contact usIn order to exercise your rights, you may send an e-mail to:  privacy@uniese.it   Cookie PolicyThis website uses Cookies. By continuing to use this site you consent to the use of Cookies on your device as described in our Cookie Policy. You can change your cookie settings at any time, though parts of this site may not function correctly without them.
I UNDERSTAND