https://www.geoengineer.org/privacy-policy
The International Information Center for Geotechnical Engineers Our Sponsors
Advertising
Advertising
Geomap
LOGIN REGISTER
Privacy Policy
Home Privacy Policy
The Rocscience International Conference 2021 will be held virtually April 20-21, 2021. More
Create a free account and view content that fits your specific interests in geotechnical engineering Learn More
Register
The mission of Geoengineer.org is to be a catalyst for innovation & excellence in practice, research and education of the geotechnical industry. We achieve our Mission by creating unique resources and by promoting cutting edge information that impacts the industry and its image on a global and local scale.As part of our mission to provide useful resources to engineers, students and Professors engaged in the Geotechnical Industry in an open access manner, all visitors can access all of resources with or without an account.1. Personal Information CollectedIn case you choose to create an account within Geoengineer.org the following personal information are requested:NameEmail AddressPasswordAn option to create a public GeoWorld profile is provided, where the following additional personal information is requested:Date of BirthLocation AddressGenderIndustryTitleLog files, IP addresses and information about your computerDue to the communications standards on the internet, when you visit the Geoengineer.org website we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came. Geoengineer.org also receives the internet protocol (“IP”) address of your network (or the proxy server you use to access the World Wide Web), your computer operating system and type of web browser you are using and email patterns. We use this information anonymously to analyze overall trends to help improve the service.Profile InformationOnce you become a User, you may provide additional information in the Profile Section describing your content preferences based on geotechnical categories and tags. Providing additional information about yourself beyond what is minimally required at registration is entirely up to you. Any information you provide at registration or in the profile section may be used by Geoengineer.org as described in this Privacy Policy.CookiesLike most websites, we use cookies and web log files to track site usage and trends, to improve the quality of our service, to customize your experience on Geoengineer.org. A cookie is a tiny data file that resides on your computer, mobile phone, or other device, and allows us to recognize you as a User when you return to the Geoengineer.org website using the same computer and web browser. Details about cookies can be found under our cookies page.2. Rights to Access, Correct and Eliminate Information About YouBy providing information to us for the purposes of creating your User account or adding any additional details to your Geoengineer.org profile, you are expressly and voluntarily accepting the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of use that allow us to process information about you. Supplying information to Geoengineer.org, including any information deemed “sensitive” by applicable law, is entirely voluntary on your part. You have the right to withdraw your consent to Geoengineer.org’s collection and processing of your information at any time, in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of use, by closing your account, but please note that your withdrawal of consent will not be retroactive.You have a right to access, modify, correct and eliminate the data you supplied to Geoengineer.org. If you update any of your information, we may keep a copy of the information that you originally provided to us in our archives for uses documented in this policy. You may request all data collected or deletion of your information at any time by contacting Geoengineer.org at admin@geoengineer.org. We will respond to your request within 5 days.3. Email CommunicationWe may send you a series of emails that help inform new Users about the features of the Services, and we will also send you service messages relating to the functioning of the Services. You can change your e-mail and contact preferences at any time by logging into your account and changing your settings related to your email notification choices. Please be aware that you cannot opt-out of receiving service messages from Geoengineer.org, unless you choose to eliminate your account.4. Sharing Information with Third PartiesMaintaining your trust is our top concern, so we adhere to the following principles to protect your privacy:We do not rent, sell, or otherwise provide your personally identifiable information to third parties for marketing purposes.We do not share any of your personal information, unless compelled by law, or as necessary to enforce our User Agreement or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Geoengineer.org, and the public.All information that you provide will be protected with industry standard protocols and technology.At this point, Geoengineer.org does not work with third parties to offer services but may do so in the future. A notification about changes in the Privacy Policy will be sent should changes are made.5. Important InformationWe reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by an email announcement. By continuing to use the Geoengineer.org service after notice of changes has been sent to you or published on the Geoengineer.org website, you are consenting to the changes.Please read this policy and send us questions, concerns and suggestions.
Geoengineer.org uses third party cookies to improve our website and your experience when using it.
To find out more about the cookies we use and how to delete them visit our Cookies page.
Allow cookies