http://www.2spi.com/privacy/
2spi.com Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to explain how we collect, use, protect and in some cases share your personal information (a.k.a. data). We also give guidance on how to opt-out, update and/or correct your personal information. Changes may be made to the policy statements below, so please check back periodically for updates.
What types of information do we collect? :
When you place an order online, request information on our products or services or register on our website, we may collect the following information:
Your name
Company name
Address
Phone number
Email address
Fax number
Credit card information to process any payment required
When do we collect information? :
We collect information from you when you register on our website, subscribe to a newsletter, place an order via email, phone or online, respond to a survey or request information online about our products and services. Please note you can browse our website without telling us who you are or having to reveal information about yourself.
How do we use your information? :
Our primary purpose in using your information in the operation of our business. This means we only contact you for legitimate business reasons. For example:
•    Processing orders
•    Shipping notifications
•    Order acknowledgments and approvals
•    Responding to questions about our products or  services
•    Updates on order status
•    Communicate information about products or services which may be of interest to you via newsletter or other promotional literature.
How to Correct/Update User Information:
You can correct or update your personal information by requesting the change at mydata@2spi.com
Deleting Your Information:
Email your request to mydata@2spi.com
How to Opt-Out or Unsubscribe:
You can opt-out or unsubscribe from our newsletter and/or marketing promotions by emailing your request to mydata@2spi.com
You can also unsubscribe from our newsletter by following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of our newsletter.
Access to Your Information:
To ask for the information we hold about you, please email your request to mydata@2spi.com
Your Consent:
By submitting information, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by us.
Sharing Your Personal Information:
We may share your personal information with your consent or as necessary to conduct business functions with the following:
Distributors or agents working on our behalf
Governmental or regulatory bodies when required to do so and applicable by law
Third-party suppliers and partners when necessary; for example credit card companies for payment processes, web hosting partners who assist us in operating our website
Where is the information stored and how is it protected? :
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. Our website is regularly tested for potential security breaches. Our current security technology is Secure Socket Layer (SSL).
Information Theft Contingency Plan:
SPI Supplies makes every effort to ensure that your information is secure. To protect the sensitive data that belongs to our customers, we have implemented a number of processes. These processes include but are not limited to the following:
Encrypting information
Utilizing Secure Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTPS)
Customers impacted by any theft of their information will be notified within 72 hours
Use of Cookies:
SPI Supplies does use cookies. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow). We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, allowing us to provide an improved service to you.
You have the option to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is sent or reject all cookies by modifying your browser settings. If you reject all cookies, this may result in an inability to access certain parts of our website.
Third Party Links:
We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.
Contacting Us:
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us at mydata@2spi.com