http://www.estsonline.co.uk/version.1.2/privacy-policy.php
01296 397000 24hrs
enquiries@estsonline.co.uk
Sewage & wastewater treatment and management
Insurance Claims
Installation, Servicing & Maintenance
Buy Online
Privacy policy
ESTS is committed to protecting your privacy in all our dealings with you,
whether through our website or through direct contact with our staff.
When using our website, we want you to have a safe and secure experience.
We will endeavour to ensure that any information you submit to us remains
private, and is only used for the purposes set out in this policy.
The Data Protection Act 1998
Any information that you give us is termed "personal data" under the Data Protection Act 1998.
We must therefore follow the principles set out in that Act when we process your personal data. All the personal data that we obtain from you is held on our in-house database. ESTS is a "data controller" for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998.
Other websites
Please note that clicking on links on our website may result in you transferring to another website, where data privacy practices may be different to that of ESTS. Visitors should review the other websites' privacy policies, as we have no control over what happens to information that is submitted to or collected by these third parties.
The information we collect and how we use it
The information we collect enables us to help you or people you know and as such is for your benefit. This information is primarily contact details and comes either from emails or from the forms on the site:
Contact
Referrals
Tank emptying
Problem clinic
Each of the forms is designed to enable you to communicate with us as quickly and easily as possible. In order to respond to these forms, we need contact details along with certain other information, such as desired emptying dates for the tank emptying form.
Except in the case of complying with a legal or regulatory requirement, ESTS does not and will not disclose your information to third parties without your consent.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small data file that is sent from a web server to a web browser when that browser visits the server's site. Anonymous cookies which do not hold any personal data may be used, with your consent, on our website to enhance the user experience where appropriate.
Website disclaimer
Whilst ESTS uses reasonable care in publishing the information found on this website, it is provided purely for information and you should not rely upon it without seeking further guidance and making independent enquiries.
ESTS gives no warranty over the completeness, accuracy, currency, adequacy, suitability or functionality of this website, or of the information it contains nor makes any such warranty in respect of any information carried on any website operated by a third party which may be accessed from this website, nor that the information on this or any third party website has in any way been verified by ESTS.
By using this website you assume the risk that the information on this website may be incomplete, inaccurate, out of date or may not meet your requirements.
This web site was created in England. Any interpretation of its content, claims or disputes (of whatever nature and not limited to contractual issues) shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts under English law.
ESTS
ESTS is a Private Limited Company that is managed by its owners. There are no outside parties who may exert any influence or control over the running of the business.
Copyright notice
All information contained in this web site is the copyright of ESTS. This website has been created for and on behalf of ESTS. Unauthorised use of ESTS trademarks, trade names and logos is prohibited.
Get in touch
Questions 01296 397000
Quotes 01296 3970008
Quick response 01296 397000
24hr Breakdown Service
To access our 24hr breakdown service please call 07808 279 818
Installation
To discuss installation, including costs, please call us free on 0808 168 6028
Servicing & Maintenance
For information on Servicing & Maintenance, please call us free on 0808 168 6028
© ESTS Ltd. 2020
Site map |
Privacy policy |
T & Cs |
Delivery