https://www.ttp.com/legal
Index
Close Index
TTP
Clear
Work
Industries
Case studies
About
About us
What we do
News & events
Careers
Why TTP
Life at TTP
Career stages
Vacancies
Blog
Contact
Read our latest update on COVID-19
Close
TTP
TTP
Back to top
TTP
TTP
Legal& privacy
Go to:
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Modern Slavery Act: Our Statement
Registered office
Terms of use
By accessing this website you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use (“terms”).The information contained in this website is intended for general information purposes only. TTP plc (we & us) has made all reasonable efforts to ensure that the information on this website is accurate at the time of inclusion.We make no representations or warranties about the information provided through this website. We accept no liability for any inaccuracies or omissions in this website. Any decisions based on information contained in our websites are the sole responsibility of the visitor.The information and images contained within this website are ©Copyright of TTP plc, our clients or partners.These terms may be amended by us from time to time.Your use of this website and downloads from it, and the Terms of Use, shall be governed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Privacy policy
We do not store personal information on this website. When you contact us via a fill-in form, any information you choose to disclose is sent directly to us to assist us in better answering your request. Wherever your personal information may be held within TTP or on its behalf, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the personal information that you share with us from unauthorised access or disclosure.We do not sell any personal information to other companies or third parties.We may use the information we collect to improve this Site, to store your interests in order to customise your visit to this Site, to communicate with you according to your request and preferences, and to compile and analyse trends.If you would like to opt out at any time of certain or all contacts from TTP please contact us and we will do everything we can to honour such requests.
Cookie policy
What is a cookie?A cookie is a file that is stored on your computer when you visit a website. Most websites use them and they are generally harmless. When you revisit the website later or visit a different webpage a copy of the cookie file is sent to the website.They can be used to store information and have many uses, with the most common including tracking, remembering your details or settings, and to keep you logged in to an account.You can find out more information about cookies from the following websites:WikipediaMicrosoftMozillaWhen are cookies created?Writing data to a cookie is usually done when a new webpage is loaded - for example after a 'submit' button is pressed the data handling page would be responsible for storing the values in a cookie. If the user has elected to disable cookies then the right operation will fail, and subsequent sites which rely on the cookie will either have to take a default action, or prompt the user to re-enter the information that would have been stored in the cookie.Why are cookies used?Cookies are a convenient way to carry information from one session on a website to another, or between sessions on related websites, without having to burden a server machine with massive amounts of data storage. Storing the data on the server without using cookies would also be problematic because it would be difficult to retrieve a particular user's information without requiring a login on each visit to the website.If there is a large amount of information to store, then a cookie can simply be used as a means to identify a given user so that further related information can be looked up on a server-side database. For example the first time a user visits a site they may choose a username which is stored in the cookie, and then provide data such as password, name, address, preferred font size, page layout, etc. This information would all be stored on the database using the username as a key. Subsequently when the site is revisited the server will read the cookie to find the username, and then retrieve all the user's information from the database without it having to be re-entered.What cookies do you have and why?Here are the cookies we use on our site.Cookie: TTP Name: PHPSESSID Classification: Strictly necessary cookiesCookie: TTP Name: open_pageClassification: Strictly necessary cookiesCookie: Google Analytics	Name: __utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmv, __utmzClassification: Performance cookiesMore information: Google overviewCookie: Vimeo Name: __utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz, __qca, __utma, __utmb, __utmzClassification: Performance cookies More information: Vimeo overviewStrictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are essential to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, our website won’t work properly.Performance CookiesThese cookies collect information about how you use our websites, for instance, which pages you go to most often and if you get error messages from those pages. We only use these cookies to improve how our websites work.Functionality CookiesThese cookies allow us to remember the choices you make (such as your username) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of our web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have requested such as watching a video or commenting. Advertising or Tracking CookiesThe cookies show us where you saw the advert; help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns; and limit the number of times you see an advert.There is an unlisted cookie here?As our website uses a content management system and added third-party plug-ins it can sometimes be difficult for us to notice every single cookie being used, especially after software updates.If you do notice a cookie that slips past us or have a question about cookies then please contact us.There are also some essential cookies which are required for the website to work; these can only be blocked by changing your browser settings.How can I disable or block cookies?We recommend visiting your browser help section to find out how:FirefoxInternet ExplorerChromeSafariThird party cookies opt-outSome cookies are used and provided by third-party sources. While we might not use all of them, here are the main links you can use to opt out should you wish:Google Analytics           Google Ads   Add ThisShare ThisYouTube cookiesWe embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. To find out more please visit YouTube’s embedding videos information page.Do not track me!Do not track is an up-and-coming feature in web browsers which allows you to tell websites that you do not want to be tracked. While not all websites currently use this you can find out more about how to set it up on your browser from the following websites:Mozilla FirefoxInternet Explorer
Modern Slavery Act: Our Statement
TTP Group plc is the parent of a group of technology and product development companies. Almost all of our staff are based in the UK and are engaged in consultancy, technology innovation and design, and manufacturing. Our principal supply chains comprise suppliers of scientific and engineering products, suppliers of office products, sub-contractors for design services and providers of support services. In the board’s opinion the risk of modern day slavery and human trafficking in our supply chains is low. No specific steps have been taken in the year to ensure that no slavery or human trafficking has taken place in any supply chain or in any part of the business.This statement is made by TTP Group plc on behalf of itself and TTP plc pursuant to section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015.Peter TaylorChairman and managing director TTP Group plcApril 2020
Registered office
TTP plcMelbourn Science ParkMelbourn, SG8 6EE, UK+44 1763 262626Registered number: 3304950Registered office: as shown aboveCountry of registration: England & WalesVAT number: 636 9859 76
Work with TTP
If you’re a blue chip organisation, a start-up or anything in between, and you’re looking to solve an existing challenge or capitalise on a new opportunity, please get in touch.
Contact us
Careers at TTP
We are always on the lookout for talented scientists, engineers and designers to join the TTP team. Whether you’re a recent graduate, a postdoc or an experienced professional, take a look at our latest opportunities.
Join us
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site. To find out more, read our updated privacy policy. More information.
OK