https://www.globescientific.com/terms.html/
We use cookies to make your experience better.
To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies.
Learn more.
Allow Cookies
Home
Terms
Print Page
Share Link
https://mage.globescientific.com/pub/media/logo/stores/1/Logo.png">
Sales & Support
Terms
International Sales
Espanol el Servicio
Privacy Policy
Terms
MINIMUM ORDERS:
Domestic: $50.00 (Under $50 before shipping, a $7.50 Minimum Order Fee is applied) International: Globe Scientific is unable to accept online orders with a billing or ship to address outside of the United States and Canada. To place an international order, please e-mail Globe Scientific at: internationalorders@globescientific.com
PRICES: Prices listed herein are F.O.B. Mahwah, New Jersey in US dollars and are subject to change without notice.
PAYMENT TERMS: Credit Cards: Payment via Visa, Mastercard or American Express are only accepted at time of ordering. Card will be processed when order is ready for shipment. Prepayment via credit card may be required for special order items or other circumstances. Credit Cards are not accepted for international orders (see Payment in Advance - below)
Payment in Advance: Prepayment via wire transfer is required for all international orders. Prepayment via certified check, money order or wire transfer is accepted for domestic circumstances.
SHIPPING: Freight: All orders are shipped F.O.B. Mahwah, New Jersey. Unless your order specifies the method of shipping desired, it will be shipped by the surface carrier of our selection.
Stock Items: Upon receipt of order, most orders for stock items will be shipped within 72 hours.
Next Day / 2nd Day Shipments: Emergency shipments can be processed until 3:00pm EST (subject to change without notice).
Drop Shipments: We will drop ship your order at no additional charge. Normal delivery charges apply.
Discrepancies: Shipping discrepancies must be noted on the carrier bill of lading and signed by the carrier's driver. All other discrepancies must be reported within 5 days of receipt of merchandise.
Damaged Merchandise: Damaged goods shipped by UPS & FedEx should be refused at the time of delivery. Damaged goods shipped by truck should be noted on the bill of lading and signed by the carrier's driver. Please notify our Customer Service Department immediately at: (201) 599-1400. Globe will not be responsible for any damaged packages that were not refused or noted on the bill of lading.
STANDING ORDERS: We welcome and encourage standing orders. Prices for standing orders will be determined on the basis of annual quantities. Please contact our Sales Department at (201) 599-1400 to place your standing order.
PRIVATE LABELING:Most items are available under private label. Please contact our Sales Department at (201) 599-1400 for minimum quantities and conditions.
RETURNS: The following items are non-returnable: Personal protective equipment (PPE) such as face masks and face shields, sterile items, prefilled formalin containers, custom merchandise, special order items, specially labeled products, private label products, Sedi-Tect™, Cul-Tect™, Bori-Vial™, discontinued items and partial cases.
Prior authorization is required for all returns. Unauthorized returns will not be accepted. Regularly stocked items are returnable in original, unopened cartons within 90 days of shipping date. Contact our Customer Service Department at (201) 599-1400 to request an RMA number. The RMA number will expire 30 days from issue date and must be noted on all paperwork accompanying the returned merchandise. Merchandise returned using an expired RMA number will not be accepted. Freight charges on all returned merchandise are the responsibility of the purchaser (in both directions). Accepted returns are subject to a minimum 20% restocking charge at our discretion. No credit will be issued until the returned merchandise is received by Globe Scientific and is verified to be in re-salable condition. Lost returns are the responsibility of the purchaser. Proof of delivery, where required, is the purchaser's responsibility.
Note: All instruments and names of manufacturers mentioned herein are the trademarks of their respective companies and are used for reference purposes only. Globe Scientific Inc. expressly disclaims any affiliation to them.
Choose Language
EN
English
French
Spanish
Arabic
Chinese Simplified
Chinese Traditional
Danish
Dutch
Finnish
German
Hebrew
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Swedish
Copyright Â© 2020 Globe Scientific Inc. All rights reserved.
To Top