https://www.bfskinner.org/terms-and-conditions-2/
Skip to the content
Skip to the Navigation
Terms and Conditions
HOMETerms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions for B. F. Skinner Foundation
Introduction
These Website Standard Terms and Conditions written on this webpage shall manage your use of our website, B. F. Skinner Foundation accessible at bfskinner.org.
These Terms will be applied fully and affect to your use of this Website. By using this Website, you agreed to accept all terms and conditions written in here. You must not use this Website if you disagree with any of these Website Standard Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions have been generated with the help of the Terms And Conditions Template and the Terms and Conditions Generator.
Minors or people below 18 years old are not allowed to use this Website.
Intellectual Property Rights
Other than the content you own, under these Terms, B.F. Skinner Foundation and/or its licensors own all the intellectual property rights and materials contained in this Website.
You are granted limited license only for purposes of viewing the material contained on this Website.
Restrictions
You are specifically restricted from all of the following:
publishing any Website material in any other media;
selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any Website material;
publicly performing and/or showing any Website material;
using this Website in any way that is or may be damaging to this Website;
using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website;
using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in any way may cause harm to the Website, or to any person or business entity;
engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this Website;
using this Website to engage in any advertising or marketing.
Certain areas of this Website are restricted from being access by you and B.F. Skinner Foundation may further restrict access by you to any areas of this Website, at any time, in absolute discretion. Any user ID and password you may have for this Website are confidential and you must maintain confidentiality as well.
Your Content
In these Website Standard Terms and Conditions, “Your Content” shall mean any audio, video text, images or other material you choose to display on this Website. By displaying Your Content, you grant B.F. Skinner Foundation a non-exclusive, worldwide irrevocable, sub licensable license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute it in any and all media.
Your Content must be your own and must not be invading any third-party’s rights. B.F. Skinner Foundation reserves the right to remove any of Your Content from this Website at any time without notice.
Your Privacy
Please read Privacy Policy.
No warranties
This Website is provided “as is,” with all faults, and B.F. Skinner Foundation express no representations or warranties, of any kind related to this Website or the materials contained on this Website. Also, nothing contained on this Website shall be interpreted as advising you.
Limitation of liability
In no event shall B.F. Skinner Foundation, nor any of its officers, directors and employees, shall be held liable for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this Website whether such liability is under contract. B.F. Skinner Foundation, including its officers, directors and employees shall not be held liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this Website.
Indemnification
You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent B.F. Skinner Foundation from and against any and/or all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages and expenses arising in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid under any applicable law, such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.
Variation of Terms
B.F. Skinner Foundation is permitted to revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this Website you are expected to review these Terms on a regular basis.
Assignment
The B.F. Skinner Foundation is allowed to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification. However, you are not allowed to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between B.F. Skinner Foundation and you in relation to your use of this Website, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings.
Governing Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of us, and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in us for the resolution of any disputes.
Terms and conditions
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to The B. F. Skinner Foundation!
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of The B. F. Skinner Foundation’s Website, located at Bfskinner.org.
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use The B. F. Skinner Foundation if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page. Our Terms and Conditions were created with the help of the Terms & Conditions Generator Online and the Free Terms & Conditions Generator.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and all Agreements: “Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person log on this website and compliant to the Company’s terms and conditions. “The Company”, “Ourselves”, “We”, “Our” and “Us”, refers to our Company. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of Netherlands. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By accessing The B. F. Skinner Foundation, you agreed to use cookies in agreement with the The B. F. Skinner Foundation’s Privacy Policy.
Most interactive websites use cookies to let us retrieve the user’s details for each visit. Cookies are used by our website to enable the functionality of certain areas to make it easier for people visiting our website. Some of our affiliate/advertising partners may also use cookies.
License
Unless otherwise stated, The B. F. Skinner Foundation and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on The B. F. Skinner Foundation. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may access this from The B. F. Skinner Foundation for your own personal use subjected to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
Republish material from The B. F. Skinner Foundation
Sell, rent or sub-license material from The B. F. Skinner Foundation
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from The B. F. Skinner Foundation
Redistribute content from The B. F. Skinner Foundation
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.
Parts of this website offer an opportunity for users to post and exchange opinions and information in certain areas of the website. The B. F. Skinner Foundation does not filter, edit, publish or review Comments prior to their presence on the website. Comments do not reflect the views and opinions of The B. F. Skinner Foundation,its agents and/or affiliates. Comments reflect the views and opinions of the person who post their views and opinions. To the extent permitted by applicable laws, The B. F. Skinner Foundation shall not be liable for the Comments or for any liability, damages or expenses caused and/or suffered as a result of any use of and/or posting of and/or appearance of the Comments on this website.
The B. F. Skinner Foundation reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments which can be considered inappropriate, offensive or causes breach of these Terms and Conditions.
You warrant and represent that:
You are entitled to post the Comments on our website and have all necessary licenses and consents to do so;
The Comments do not invade any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent or trademark of any third party;
The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent or otherwise unlawful material which is an invasion of privacy
The Comments will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or unlawful activity.
You hereby grant The B. F. Skinner Foundation a non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, edit and authorize others to use, reproduce and edit any of your Comments in any and all forms, formats or media.
Hyperlinking to our Content
The following organizations may link to our Website without prior written approval:
Government agencies;
Search engines;
News organizations;
Online directory distributors may link to our Website in the same manner as they hyperlink to the Websites of other listed businesses; and
System wide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls, and charity fundraising groups which may not hyperlink to our Web site.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Website information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way deceptive; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products and/or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.
We may consider and approve other link requests from the following types of organizations:
commonly-known consumer and/or business information sources;
dot.com community sites;
associations or other groups representing charities;
online directory distributors;
internet portals;
accounting, law and consulting firms; and
educational institutions and trade associations.
We will approve link requests from these organizations if we decide that: (a) the link would not make us look unfavorably to ourselves or to our accredited businesses; (b) the organization does not have any negative records with us; (c) the benefit to us from the visibility of the hyperlink compensates the absence of The B. F. Skinner Foundation; and (d) the link is in the context of general resource information.
These organizations may link to our home page so long as the link: (a) is not in any way deceptive; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.
If you are one of the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website, you must inform us by sending an e-mail to The B. F. Skinner Foundation. Please include your name, your organization name, contact information as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our Website, and a list of the URLs on our site to which you would like to link. Wait 2-3 weeks for a response.
Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Website as follows:
By use of our corporate name; or
By use of the uniform resource locator being linked to; or
By use of any other description of our Website being linked to that makes sense within the context and format of content on the linking party’s site.
No use of The B. F. Skinner Foundation’s logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license agreement.
iFrames
Without prior approval and written permission, you may not create frames around our Webpages that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Website.
Content Liability
We shall not be hold responsible for any content that appears on your Website. You agree to protect and defend us against all claims that is rising on your Website. No link(s) should appear on any Website that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Website. You approve to immediately remove all links to our Website upon request. We also reserve the right to amen these terms and conditions and it’s linking policy at any time. By continuously linking to our Website, you agree to be bound to and follow these linking terms and conditions.
Removal of links from our website
If you find any link on our Website that is offensive for any reason, you are free to contact and inform us any moment. We will consider requests to remove links but we are not obligated to or so or to respond to you directly.
We do not ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we promise to ensure that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website. Nothing in this disclaimer will:
limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury;
limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and prohibitions of liability set in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort and for breach of statutory duty.
As long as the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
When you buy Verbal Behavior: Extended Edition in paperback we will send you a limited edition Verbal Behavior pen as a gift. Our 20/20 t-shirt is on sale for $19.99! Happy Holidays! DismissMENUHome
Join
Learn
Operant Behavior
Archives
Biographical Information
Skinner’s CV
Museum
Publications
Full Bibliography
Books
Articles in PDF format
Audio
Video
Photos
Unpublished Works
Other Archival Collections & Resources
Skinner’s Quote of the Day
Articles about Skinner
Resources
Continuing Education
School Chart (copyright-free)
Awards
BABAT
CalABA
Division 25 of American Psychological Association
FABA
EABA
Upcoming Events
Other Organizations
International
Shop
Subscribe
Podcasts
Support
Individual Supporters
Institutional Supporters
Benefits to Supporters
Volunteer Committees
Permissions
About Us