https://www.am-pharma.com/privacy-policy/
Website Privacy Policy
AM-Pharma Holding B.V./AM-Pharma B.V. (together “AM-Pharma”, “we”, “us” or “our”) is committed to safeguarding your privacy and protecting your personal data.
AM-Pharma uses your personal data in compliance with the provisions under the Algemene Verordening Gegevensbescherming (“AVG”) and the European General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”), as amended from time to time (collectively “Regulation”). This Data Protection Policy (“Policy”) sets out how we collect, store, process, transfer, share and generally use your personal data. For the purposes of this Policy, AM-Pharma is the controller of your personal data.
What personal data do we collect?
“Personal data” is any information relating to you or that we can otherwise link to you. The personal data we collect from you, depending on your interaction with us, may include your full name, postal address, e-mail address, phone and fax number, company name, company structure, job title, job function, business affiliations, curriculum vitae, cover letter and the details of any enquiry you submit to us. In case of contractual agreements, the list of data points can be expanded on a case by case basis.
How do we collect your personal data?
We collect personal data that you provide to us in the following ways:
Entering into agreement with us: when you enter into a contractual agreement with us we may collect certain details in respect of you or other representatives of your business.
Communications with us directly: we collect personal data when you provide it to us directly, such as via postal, telephone and/or email communications .
Communications via our website: we collect personal data when you provide it to us through communications via our website. This includes where you have contacted us through the “Contact” page on our website.
Events: when we arrange or attend events we may collect your personal data when you attend the event and exchange your details with us (for example, by providing your business card). Careers: we may collect personal data from you when you enquire or apply for a vacancy with us or when we obtain other information from social media, such as LinkedIn.
In some cases, your Personal Data has been supplemented by information retrieved from other sources, including searches via the Internet (websites, social media, etc.) or sector-specific newsletters.
Why do we use your personal data?
We process any personal data you provide to us to enable us to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you, to ensure compliance with local legal and regulatory requirements and for the purposes of our legitimate business interests, including:
to enable us to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts and to provide you with the information you request from us;
to enable us to respond to an enquiry or other request you make when you contact us via our website or directly;
to notify you about changes to our service;
to protect the security of and managing access to our premises, IT and communication systems, online platforms, website and other systems, preventing and detecting security threats, fraud or other criminal or malicious activities;
to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations and requests, including reporting to and/or being audited or investigated by national and international regulatory bodies;
to comply with court orders and to exercise and/or defend our legal rights;
for our recruitment, when you apply for a job role with us. We may use information collected throughout the recruitment process to review AM-Pharma’s equal opportunities profile in accordance with applicable legislation.
When we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal data, we do so to maintain business relationships and communicating with you as a business contact and to generally manage our business operations. We consider that reliance on our legitimate interests are in compliance with the AVG and GDPR.
How we share and transfer your personal data?
We may share your personal data with the following categories of recipients:
Third party service providers, which we engage to process personal data for any of the purposes listed above on our behalf in accordance with our instructions, such as IT support, for HR recruitment, for public relations support and legal services.
Companies providing services for credit risk reduction, money laundering, and terrorist financing checks and other fraud and crime prevention purposes, and companies providing similar services, including financial institutions, credit reference agencies, and regulatory bodies with whom such personal data is shared.
Courts, law enforcement authorities, regulators, government officials, or other parties where it is reasonably necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal or equitable claim.
Prospective sellers or buyers of any business, stock, or assets to which we might assign or novate any of our rights and obligations; in such case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business, stock, or assets.
The personal data we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction you are in. Where we transfer your personal data outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), any international transfers are made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as entering into standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission. If you wish to inquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out at the end of this Policy. We do not sell, rent, or otherwise make personal data commercially available to any third party, except with your prior permission.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, accounting, or reporting requirements.To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Data Security
AM-Pharma has implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures to help protect your personal data against a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed and to safeguard against access by unauthorised persons.On all our software we have a double security to log in.We use specific programs (that are designed for this purpose only) to ensure a safe back up of your data.We have an authorised user policy on all our data, so no unauthorised person can access your data.We have a processing register to log every use of personal data. This processing register specify whom the persons are that can see, access and process the personal data and the intended purpose you gave your information for.
Your Rights
You may have the right to: request (a) access the to your personal data we hold about you; (b) request we correct any inaccurate personal data we hold about you; (c) request we delete any personal data we hold about you; (d) restrict the processing of personal data we hold about you; (e) object to the processing of personal data we hold about you; and/or (f) receive any personal data we hold about you in a structured and commonly used machine-readable format or have such personal data transmitted to another company.We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing information requested to you.To exercise any of your rights in connection with your personal data, please contact us using the details provided in the “How to contact us” section below. We will process any request in line with any local laws and our policies and procedures. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about how we process your personal data with your local supervisory authority in your country.
Use of cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Our cookies do not collect your personal data. For information on how we use cookies, please see our Cookies Policy.
Changes to this privacy notice
We may change this privacy notice from time to time by updating this page to reflect changes in the law and/or our privacy practices. We encourage you to check this privacy notice for changes whenever you visit our website.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about how we process your personal data, or would like to exercise any of your rights, please feel free to contact us at info@am-pharma.com.AM-Pharma Holding B.V./AM-Pharma B.V.
Address: “WTC Utrecht”
Stadsplateau 6
3521 AZ Utrecht
Phone: +31 (0) 30 228 92 22
Privacy Policy
© AM-Pharma B.V.Website by BTTR
Scroll to top
We use cookies to help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. For more information about how we use cookies please see our Cookies PolicyAcceptReject
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Other cookies
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:
Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification only