http://www.beloit.edu/lits/policies/
To read about Beloit’s Spring 2021 plans, visit our Back at Beloit information site.
Library & Information Technology Services
Library
Archives
Information Technology
Distance Learning Resources
Policies
InfoDesk
Support
News and Events
Contact Us
Related Links
HomeLibrary & Information Technology Services
Policies
Policies
Guidelines, practices, and rules that govern access and use of the library, technology, and data resources.
Board-Designated Emeriti Faculty Privileges
Before the end of their active College employment, all faculty and staff must return to LITS or other appropriate offices any computer hardware, peripherals, AV equipment, and software licenses purchased with College funds.
Board-designated emeriti faculty assigned a campus office may be eligible for allocation of a LITS-assigned campus office computer.
Other information and technology privileges are available to Board-designated emeriti faculty.
Library privileges
Access to library resources
Access to library interlibrary loan
Beloit Google Apps for Education account
Microsoft 365 account
Attendance at LITS events and learning opportunities
Broadcast Email and Mailing Lists
The purpose of this policy is to provide rules and guidelines for the use of broadcast email and mailing lists, both broadly distributed and targeted, to disseminate institutional information within the Beloit College community.
Definitions
Email sent from a college-owned domain (beloit.edu) is an official mode of communication for the college.
Broadcast email is the unsolicited email of identical or substantially similar messages, sent quickly in large quantities, and is recognized as an efficient, cost-effective, and environmentally-friendly use of technology for facilitating communication within the Beloit community.
A mailing list is a system that allows an email message to be sent to multiple addresses such that a recipient only sees an address representing the entire list (e.g., facstaff@lists.beloit.edu) in the To: field, without revealing the addresses of other recipients in the list.
Broadcast Emails
Beloit College broadcast emails are one-way communications appropriate for:
Announcements of official policies and changes in policy and procedures essential to the mission or operations of the college; legal requirements; urgent health and safety situation. These announcements must come from individuals representing the administrative or academic departments responsible for the policy, deadline, procedure or urgent situation being addressed. The subject line reads: [INSTITUTION] Rest of Subject
Announcements and reports from Beloit College departments and governance groups including those essential for student academic performance. These reports must come from individuals representing the academic or administrative groups or departments (registration deadline, add-drop; study abroad deadline; Academic Senate; COA, Staff Council, Faculty committee elections, Summer Employment Guidelines, etc.)The subject line reads: [IMPORTANT] Rest of Subject
Notification of the availability of, or changes in, Beloit College services or facilities. These notices must come from individuals representing the academic or administrative departments, or student organizations who are responsible for the services or facilities being addressed. (upgrades to the campus network, registration charges, dining hours, Van Galder bus shuttle schedule; res halls closings; etc.) The subject line reads: [SERVICE ALERT] Rest of Subject
Announcements of campus-sponsored events. Must come from individuals representing the academic or administrative departments, or student organizations sponsoring the event. The subject line reads: [EVENT] Rest of Subject
The following are inappropriate uses of broadcast emails. Misuse of broadcast emails may lead to deactivation of a user’s email account.
Mailings not directly related to college business or activities.
Mailings intended to provoke a discussion; announcing a time and place (electronic platform) for a future discussion is appropriate
Mailings in violation of the college’s Ethical Use policy.
Partisan political campaign activity, expression of personal opinion, or conduct of personal business
Unauthorized fundraising or solicitation
Anything of a commercial nature that has not been pre-approved
Any message that harasses, intimidates, threatens, or bullies recipients or includes ad hominem attacks that directly or indirectly target individuals.
Notices of routine, regularly scheduled events.
Routine, regularly-scheduled events should be communicated through the Beloit News and master calendar. (Faculty Forum, Thursday Faculty/Staff lunches, Bookstore deadlines, etc.) Long-standing events should not be continuously advertised through broadcast emails; some leeway will be granted for newly organized events, however. (i.e., Take Back the Wall)
Repeated Messages. Sending more than three versions of the same message as a reminder or follow-up is not appropriate. Sending a correction for inaccurate information is appropriate. Messages may be repeated ONLY in the following manner: One week or more in advance of the event in question and one the day before or the day of the event.
All broadcast email messages must conform to the following standards:
Sender must use a beloit.edu email address
Use of an address at a domain not owned by the college (such as gmail.com) to distribute broadcast email is prohibited.
The Subject line must follow a specific format.
The subject must being with one of the following category terms enclosed in square brackets [ ]: Institution; Important, Service Alert, Event, followed by information that is relevant to the message’s content.
Sender must provide contact information
The body text of the message must include contact information for the person, office or group that sent it.
Recipients must be addressed using a mailing list
All recipient addresses must be concealed through the use of a mailing list. A message may be sent only to one mailing list at a time.
Message must be clear and concise
The body text must be clear, concise and no longer than 500 words in length. Additional information, if needed, should be provided via a web link in the text. A broadcast email message should be used only for important information relevant to all recipients.
No attachments
Accompanying files, if any, must be provided via a web link to a Google doc in the body text of the message, not attached to the message itself.
Message must be accessible
The message must be composed in either plain-text or multipart plain-text/HTML. All information conveyed by the message must be in the text, not embedded in images or other elements that are inaccessible by text-to-speech software. Any images in the message must include “alt” text describing the image for low-vision readers.
Mailing Lists
Broad distribution mailing lists exist for broadcast email messages as defined above. A message should be sent to a broad distribution mailing list when it contains information from which everyone can benefit. These mailing lists should not be used when the intention is to start a conversation. Anyone wishing to reply to a broadcast email message should reply only to the sender and not the entire mailing list.
The broad distribution mailing lists addressing all employees or all students are managed by the Information Technology
facstaff@lists.beloit.edu This mailing list will be used for broadcast email messages that are designated as Institution, Important, Service Alert, or Event. It includes all current faculty and staff, and emeriti faculty.
students@lists.beloit.edu This list includes all students. Broadcast emails that are designated as Institution, Important, Service Alert, or Event sent to this address will be added to a bulletin board. Students will be sent a message twice daily at 12 pm and 5 pm summarizing the messages that have been added to the bulletin board.
Compliance
Failure to comply with this policy may result in disciplinary action.
Revisions
This policy may be revised at any time. Major revisions will be described and dated here.
Building Use - Morse Library
The Beloit College Library is a private facility reserved for the use of Beloit College students, faculty, staff, and alumni. Responsible members of the general public may use the library during specified times.
Food and Drink
Food and covered drinks are permitted in most areas of the Library (except Archives and the Paula Black Seminar Room) with the following guidelines:
Library users must clean up after themselves: dispose of trash in appropriate containers, or remove it from the building immediately after an event.
Any spills or damage should be reported to the InfoDesk as soon as possible.
Food is not permitted where it interferes with others’ use of the Library.
Cooking, cooking appliances, and open flames are not permitted in Library public spaces.
No Alcoholic Beverages. Consumption of alcohol is not permitted with the exception of legal-aged guests at authorized college events where alcohol is served.
For questions about the Food and Drink policies, please contact the InfoDesk.
Computer Access
All minors under 16 must be supervised by a responsible adult. Users may be asked by staff to show their ID cards. Beloit College is not responsible for minors or monitoring their use of materials or equipment or for the inappropriate conduct of any patrons.
Anyone found violating the Library’s policies or acting in a disruptive manner will be subject to disciplinary action and/or suspension of Library privileges and/or arrest.
Collection and Archives
This collection policy guides the overarching processes of selecting, maintaining and managing collections purchased, housed and made available by Col. Robert H. Morse Library, insuring systematic and aligned acquisitions and deletions in accordance with the mission of the College The Library seeks to acquire and provide access to resources supporting the learning goals of the College and its academic departments and programs. Ongoing review of the Library’s holdings is conducted to inform additions as well as the removal of items.
Gifts
Gifts are accepted only when they add strength to the collection and when the donor places no significant limitations on housing, handling, or disposition of duplicate, damaged, or unwanted items. At this time, the library is not accepting donations with the exception of archival materials directly related to Beloit College, the city of Beloit, or Rock County, or materials appropriate for the following special collections.
Martin Luther King, Jr. Collection on Non-Violence: a donation from former Library Director H. Vail Deale at the time of Dr. King’s assassination is maintained by an endowed fund to support its continual growth. Additions to this collection meet careful guidelines; the materials must carry the message of non-violence and works by and about Mahatma Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Jr., and Henry David Thoreau hold prominence in the collection
Beloitana Collection: includes materials by or about College alumni, faculty, staff, and trustees; about the College; and about the local area. The Library budget supports the continued acquisition of works written or edited by current and retired faculty, and current staff. In addition, selected and notable works by alumni of the College may be added at the discretion of the Archivist.
Rare Books: are collected on a very limited basis. In addition to original, unique, limited edition, and older works, Beloit College’s Rare Books Collection contains a number of reproductions, or facsimiles, of exceedingly rare items. Though not rare in their currently produced form, these items are costly, of artisan quality, and are true enough to the original to be delicate and therefore deserving of additional care in housing.
Archives
The Archives are the repository for the College’s official business and history and include materials relating to significant people and places associated with the College and a component of local life and culture. The collection is maintained as a resource to the College community and to researchers with an interest in the College, its participants, and the surrounding area. This collection is available for use within the Archives Reading Room but does not otherwise circulate.
Computer Use Policy - Library
Library Computers
A Beloit College network ID and password is required to access library computers. Guests of Beloit College may use designated public access computers. Guests using their own computers can access Beloit College’s guest wireless network.
All computer users must be at least 16 years of age or supervised by an adult. Beloit College reserves the right to require users to show their ID cards.
The use of Library computers and network resources is subject to the same policies governing the use of other Beloit facilities, including all applicable state and federal laws, copyright restrictions, and license agreements. The College’s Policy on Ethical Use of Computing and Information Resources and Privileges applies to the use of Library computers.
Violations of this policy may result in disciplinary action or suspension of Library privileges.
Computers Connected to the Beloit College Network
The Beloit College network is a shared resource that supports the institution’s goals. Computers connected to the network that are not protected by up-to-date anti-virus software and by the latest operating system updates are vulnerable to viruses and worms. Because an infected computer can harm network operations, any computer connected to the Beloit College network by any means must:
Run up-to-date anti-virus for all computers;
Keep all operating system software current with the latest security-related patches from the vendor.
LITS installs anti-virus software on all college-owned computers. Students are provided anti-virus software for their personally-owned computers free of charge that does need to be uninstalled when a student leaves the college. Students are permitted to use any anti-virus software; however, IT will only support the anti-virus program licensed by the college. If the personal anti-virus software expires, it needs to be upgraded or the student should install the college version of the anti-virus program.
The college reserves the right to block or suspend network access to vulnerable or infected computers to preserve the integrity of network operations. Please refer to the college’s Ethical Use of Computing and Information Resources policy for more information. For assistance in properly configuring your computer to run up-to-date anti-virus and/or operating system software and identifying options and solutions should you encounter difficulties, please contact IT Support.
You are responsible for the integrity of your account and any activity within your account. The most common way that someone breaks into an account is by either guessing a password or by looking over the shoulder while you type your password. The best way to assure that other users do not gain access to your account is to frequently change your password. IT recommends that you change your password at least once or twice each semester.
Ethical Use of Computing and Information Resources
This policy is taken from Beloit College’s Administrative Policy Manual, Chapter 4, Section Q.
Access to computing facilities and associated resources is provided as a privilege to members of the Beloit College community. The college provides these resources to support its educational mission. It is expected that users will obey all rules and regulations pertaining to the appropriate use of these facilities. This involves using the facilities in a manner that is consistent with all-college policies, with policies of other networks (e.g., WISCNET, Internet), and with state and federal laws. Every user is responsible for helping to ensure that these resources are used appropriately; this includes prompt reporting of instances where it is believed an abuse has occurred. If users are in doubt as to whether a particular proposed use is appropriate, they should check with Information Services and Resources before the proposed use is undertaken. Misuse of computing facilities (whether or not they are directly college-owned) will constitute just cause for disciplinary action by Beloit College in addition to any legal enforcement by local, state, or federal authorities.
The following are guidelines for the appropriate use of computing facilities:
1. Use Facilities and Services Only for the Purposes for Which You Are Authorized.
Violations include:
using another person’s account or attempting to capture/guess other users’ passwords;
circumventing normal resource limits, log-on procedures, and security regulations;
trying to obscure your true identity as the sender of electronic mail or the user of other networked services that request identification;
using college computing resources for unauthorized commercial purposes; and
using the college’s computing resources to harass, intimidate, or threaten other users.
2. Respect the Privacy of Other Users
Files, tapes, disks, email, information, programs, and data owned by individual users should be considered private, whether or not the information is accessible by other users. The Electronic Communications Privacy Act places electronic mail in the same category as messages delivered by the US Postal Service. Tampering with email, interfering with or intercepting its delivery, and using email for criminal purposes may be felony offenses. See the second paragraph of Procedures for further information about privacy.
3. Respect the Rights of Others to Make Use of These Resources and do not:
place obscene or harassing material in areas that can be/are publicly accessed;
send/forward chain letters or deliberately flood a user with automatically generated mail;
print or send excessive copies of documents, files, data, or programs;
make unauthorized attempts to modify or remove computer equipment;
attempt to degrade or disrupt system security or performance;
damage or vandalize college computing facilities, equipment, software, or computer files.
4. Respect Appropriate Copyright Laws, Licenses, Confidentiality, and Trade Secret Agreements
Much of the software and data that resides on the college’s computer facilities are protected by copyright laws and license agreements and may not be copied from, into, or by using campus computing facilities, except as permitted by law or by license from the owner of the copyright. The number of copies and distribution of the copies may not be done in such a way that the number of simultaneous users exceeds the number allowed.
5. Obey Established Guidelines for any Networks or Systems Used Inside or Outside the college
Accessing computers, software, data or information, or networks without proper authorization using college equipment, a college account, or the college network, regardless of whether any damage is done or whether the computer, software, data, information, or network in question is owned by the college, will be treated as an abuse of your Beloit College computing privileges. Violating guidelines of non-college networks or systems, even if using non-college resources, may be grounds for revocation or suspension of college computing privileges.
6. System Administrators
In addition to the rules outlined above, system administrators must take reasonable and appropriate steps to see that all license agreements are faithfully executed on all systems, networks, and servers for which they have responsibility. They must take reasonable precautions to guard against corruption of data or software, damage to hardware or facilities of the college, and illegal copying of college software. They must implement college policies as related to these computer systems and must treat information about and information stored by the system’s users as confidential.
Anyone authorized to add or delete files from a hard drive of a college computer that is regularly available to more than one individual is acting as a system administrator. System administrators are those who perform functions on college computer equipment including, but not limited to, installing hardware and software, managing a computer or network, and keeping a computer operational.
In the normal course of working with the college’s networks and computers, the staff responsible for maintaining those systems may come across and see information stored on college-owned equipment, as well as on personnel equipment that is connected to the college network. Unless there are suspected violations of law or college policy, the staff shall respect the privacy of the individual. Should the faculty or staff member overseeing these systems suspect such violations, the procedures of the next section shall apply.
7. Procedures When Abuse/Misuse is Suspected
When there is an indication that misuse has occurred, the alleged offense is to be reported immediately to the Chief Information Officer and to the appropriate member of senior staff. If there is a reason to believe a person’s safety is at risk, Security will also be notified. Information Services and Resources and the appropriate senior staff member shall investigate the incident and may restrict a user’s computing privileges.
If an emergency entry is urgently needed to preserve the integrity of facilities or to preserve public health and safety, Information Services and Resources (ISR) staff may access files or computer components on, or attached to, the college network without the consent of the user. The college, through the Chief Information Officer, will log all instances of investigative access without consent. Faculty or staff overseeing the college’s network servers will also log any emergency entry within their control for subsequent review as soon as possible by the President or appropriate Vice President.
When an alleged offense is reported, Information Services and Resources may make copies of the alleged offender’s files to preserve evidence. In order to preserve privacy staff may not access or read any copied files without authorization from the appropriate senior administrator.
Some instances in which computer resources are used inappropriately may lead to disciplinary action in two different venues (e.g., computer-assisted plagiarism, such as copying a computer file and using it as a model or submitting it as your own work without attribution, could result in disciplinary action according to Academic Honesty guidelines as well as this policy).
Disciplinary action may include loss of computing privileges and other sanctions up to and including non-reappointment, discharge, and/or dismissal. Alleged student misuses will be handled according to the college’s judicial system procedures. Alleged faculty misuses will be handled according to the college’s procedures for evaluation, termination, or non-renewal. If the alleged misuse by a member of the faculty or staff involves harassment, it will be handled according to the procedures in the policy on personal harassment.
Abusers of the college’s computing resources may also be liable for civil or criminal prosecution. It should be understood that nothing in this policy can preclude enforcement under federal, state, and local laws and regulations.
Policies on Beloit College Computer Accounts
Beloit College computer accounts are offered at no charge to all students, staff, and faculty of Beloit College. One can access these accounts via the network in computer labs, classrooms, all residence hall rooms, faculty/staff offices, or by remote authentication. Each account offers access to the Internet, e-mail, and file storage.
Account Access
New students obtain their accounts either through the admissions process or during orientation. Accounts may also be obtained throughout the semester in LITS during posted hours. Student accounts are closed after graduation and archived up to one year before removal.
Faculty and staff obtain an account as part of the employment process with HR. Depending on the circumstances, faculty and staff accounts may be obtained before or after the person’s employment start date. Accounts will be closed upon the termination of employment.
Privacy and the Internet
Beloit College respects freedom of expression and the existence of an open environment conducive to inquiry and learning in the use of its computing resources. The college respects the privacy of the members of the college community - faculty, staff, and students. Correspondingly, by sharing and using the information technology resources of the college, information technology users accept full responsibility for their actions and agree that they will use these resources in an ethical manner. This policy should be read and interpreted in conjunction with other Beloit College policies including but not limited to policies prohibiting harassment, discrimination, offensive conduct or inappropriate behavior.
While the college will attempt to safeguard the privacy of information stored in user accounts, or on other Beloit College-owned computer resources (such as departmental servers), the college cannot guarantee that privacy will be absolute. By its nature, electronic communication leaves records or logs of information that can be used to trace problems. Some of these logs are, by the nature of the systems, subject to review by any user of certain systems. Transmitted information, such as e-mail messages, can easily be forwarded and copied by recipients, and can (with specialized equipment) be read in transit. Personal systems attached to the network may have all or part of their data publicly available. Even data that are password-protected may be available if the password is too easily “hacked.” Files stored on college servers are backed up regularly. This means that information deleted by an individual may continue to be accessible in some form.
While recognizing the critical importance of privacy in an academic setting, the college may determine that certain broader concerns outweigh a user’s expectation of privacy and warrant college access, through carefully prescribed processes, to the relevant information technology systems without the consent of the user. Those circumstances are discussed below, together with the procedural safeguards established to ensure access is gained only when appropriate.
The college does not, as a rule, monitor the content of materials transported over the college’s network resources or posted on college-owned computers and networks but reserves the right to do so. The college reserves the right to copy and examine any files or information residing on college systems allegedly related to unacceptable use. It also reserves the right to protect its network from systems and events that threaten or degrade operations.
In accordance with state and federal law, the College may access all aspects of its information technology systems, without the consent of the user, in the following circumstances:
When necessary to identify or diagnose systems or security vulnerabilities and problems, or otherwise preserve the integrity of the college’s information technology system;
When such access to information technology systems is required to carry out essential business functions of the college;
When required by federal, state, or local law or administrative rules;
In connection with the preservation of public health and safety; or
When there are reasonable grounds to believe that a violation of law or a significant breach of college policy may have taken place and access or inspection or monitoring may produce evidence related to the misconduct.
In the normal course of working with the college’s networks and computers (e.g., routine maintenance, replacing a hard drive, analyzing abnormally high usage of the network), the staff responsible for maintaining those systems may come across and see information stored on college-owned equipment, as well as on personal equipment that is connected to the college network.
Unless there are suspected violations of law or college policy, the staff will respect the privacy of the individual. Should the faculty or staff member overseeing these systems suspect such violations, the following procedures will apply:
Investigative access without the consent of the user will occur only with the approval of the Dean of the College (for faculty and academic staff users), the Vice President for Human Resources and Operations (for staff users), the Dean of Students (for student users), the President (for senior staff), or their respective appointees, except when an emergency entry is urgently needed to preserve the integrity of facilities or to preserve public health and safety. The college, through the Chief Information Officer, will log all instances of investigative access without consent. Faculty or staff overseeing the college’s network servers will also log any emergency entry within their control for subsequent review, as soon as possible, by the President, the Dean of the College, the Vice President for Human Resources and Operations, or the Dean of Students.
A judicial or investigatory proceeding on the part of the college, or legal investigation backed by specifically-targeted court order, may require reading or relinquishing a personal file. The results of such monitoring, including the contents and records of individual communications, may be made available to appropriate college personnel or law enforcement agencies and may be used in appropriate college disciplinary proceedings.
Communications made by means of the college’s computing resources are also subject to Wisconsin’s Public Records Statute. Inspection of files under these circumstances is limited to the least invasive degree of inspection required to perform the required work. The affected individual will be notified of the actions taken at the earliest possible opportunity that is lawful and consistent with other college policy.
If the actions of computer-related hardware or software threaten the soundness, stability, functionality, or technical integrity of the Beloit College intranet, or other computer resources on that intranet, then the college staff has the authority to immediately disconnect that component from the intranet, but must then immediately begin an investigation using the procedures outlined above.
The policies above apply to faculty, staff, or student employees of the college who are acting in the capacity of a server administrator. Anyone authorized to add or delete permanent files from a hard drive of a college computer that is regularly available to more than one individual is acting as a system administrator.
Because the college is the owner of all information technology resources provided by the college to users, the college reserves the right to deny use to those who have used them in an irresponsible manner. The college may deactivate a user’s privileges, whether or not the user is suspected of any violation of this policy, when necessary to preserve the integrity of facilities, user services, or data.
By connecting privately owned personal computers or other information technology resources to the college’s network, users consent to the college’s use of monitoring and scanning programs (e.g., a network port scanning program) for security purposes on those resources while attached to the network.
Portions of this policy apply to any student, faculty, or staff using the Beloit College network, regardless of whether they maintain a Beloit College computer account.
Purchasing
Book, media and information resource purchases
Selecting content for the Library’s collections is a responsibility shared by the librarians, faculty, staff, and students. In most cases, any item requested will be purchased for the collection. This collaborative approach to creating and maintaining a collection focuses on the interests and knowledge of faculty, staff, and students, as well as librarians.
Books and audio-visual materials orders:
To request new books, videos, CDs, and other materials for purchase fill out a purchase request form.
Journal orders:
Requests for new journal subscriptions are best accompanied by a rationale and may initiate a librarian and faculty review of the existing department or program-related subscriptions.
Technology Purchases
All technology-related items including computer hardware, peripherals that interface with computers, software, and audio-visual equipment, regardless of funding source, are ordered through the LITS department.
Please contact LITS Support to initiate the ordering process. The staff will work with you to identify the option(s) to meet your needs.
There are a number of advantages this policy offers:
Cost savings: cost savings are realized through discounts, greater standardization, volume purchasing, staffing efficiencies, and other means;
Consulting services: LITS is available to consult on the best options;
Support: affords more effective and efficient maintenance and support;
Tracking: appropriate equipment and software licenses will be added to the College’s inventory database maintained by LITS for insurance and accounting purposes;
Compatibility: insures compatibility between all components of the Beloit College network;
Big picture: provides LITS with knowledge of campus resources to facilitate collaboration with, and integration of, information technology.
Please note that LITS will only purchase from approved vendors who provide supported products. College technology purchases are not made from individuals, through online auctions such as eBay or any similar type of purchasing source.
App purchases from places such as the Mac App Store or Google Play are related to a personal account. Therefore, individuals may make these purchases without consulting with LITS. It is up to the budget manager to determine if college funds should be used to make these purchases. If you have questions about what app may be beneficial to meet a particular need please feel free to consult with LITS.
Please allow additional time when requesting to purchase technology using college restricted funds or grant monies. LITS will forward all these requests to Accounting for approval prior to placing the order.
Individuals who do not order technology hardware/software and related equipment through LITS may have their College purchasing privileges revoked or may not be reimbursed for personal expenditures. As a reminder, all LITS purchases are posted to the respective month they are received, not ordered.
Software Support
Library and Information Technology Services (LITS) maintains a list of Beloit College standard software. Suggestions for change are welcomed and should be directed to the Chief Information Officer. LITS evaluates this list periodically as college needs evolve and in response to technology and industry changes.
No institution has the resources to support the multitude of software choices on the market, and the college gains many advantages from defining a carefully selected list of software as college-wide standards including:
Improved data sharing and compatibility
Allows for optimal file-sharing capabilities facilitating communication between individuals, departments, and groups across campus;
Provides a more consistent tool-set for college-owned computers, easing use and facilitating transferability;
Simplifies the sharing of data between applications (e.g. word processors, spreadsheets, databases);
Improved support
Permits IT staff to focus on depth of application knowledge rather than breadth of numerous applications, allowing for more proactive support in meeting current and future needs. In rare instances where particular combinations of standard software and hardware do not operate well together, IT will attempt to resolve the problems;
Builds community expertise and a wider support system for this software;
Permits more efficient and effective software installations. Software upgrades and installations can be automated and become more routine, rather than requiring a specialized process for each individual computer. This will result in more efficient service, improved user satisfaction, and greater consistency;
Vendor or manufacturer support is often bundled into the price we pay for supported product allowing IT to leverage community/manufacturer/vendor support in resolving operational issues;
Cost savings
Allows for significant savings through site licenses and volume discounts;
Offers additional savings through operational efficiencies and improved communication college-wide
Expedited licensing
Simplifies software license record-keeping through centralization of this responsibility in IT for many standard software applications loaded on college-owned computers, freeing the individual from separate record-keeping for these licenses.
Software Standards
Fully-supported software is generally in widespread use on the campus, it has been carefully evaluated to meet college needs, and is typically administered centrally for college-owned computers. IT provides installation, training, maintenance, troubleshooting, assistance with the integration of these applications with other fully-supported campus technology resources, and documentation, as appropriate.
The college provides full support for the more recent versions of the following software:
Adobe Creative Cloud
Adobe Reader
ArtSTOR Offline Image Viewer
Firefox
Google Apps for Education (GAE)
Google Chrome
Google Drive sync program for Mac and PC
Internet Explorer/Microsoft Edge (current and immediate past version)
Jenzabar and Jenzabar-related applications
Macintosh OS X (current and immediate past versions)
Microsoft Office (Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word) (current and immediate past version)
Moodle
OpenVPN for PCs
Safari (Mac version)
Symantec Anti-Virus
Tunnelblik for Macs
Windows operating system (current and immediate past version)
LITS welcomes an opportunity to consult with campus individuals and departments on software applications that could benefit from support to manage or administer. However, departments and individuals planning to use these more specialized applications should be prepared to address training, in-depth functionality, and troubleshooting through vendor and other support services. Software applications that LITS assists with administering include:
ArcGIS
ArcINFO
Final Cut Pro
Harmony Essentials
JMP (current version)
Mathematica (current version)
SPSS (current version)
Non-standard Software
The college’s standards do not cover all software that individuals or departments may need, and LITS expects that non-standard software will be acquired and used for specialized purposes. While non-standard software does serve essential functions in some areas, it may also cost the institution more and can lead to compatibility and data-sharing issues. LITS may assist in installing non-standard software when requested; however, LITS does not have the resources to provide additional support. Departments and individuals using non-standard software should be prepared to develop their own expertise and address support, compatibility, and training through vendors’ services and other means.
LITS understands that many useful Google applications are available as add-ons and through Google Apps Marketplace. However, any of these applications not officially approved for activation are classified as non-standard and not supported by LITS. LITS strongly discourages software downloads that require a Beloit.edu Google Apps login and password to access information. Any application that requires activation from the administrator, or domain, level will not be enabled. Any Google add-on application available for download may be installed at the discretion of the student, faculty or staff performing the download. If a student, faculty or staff decides to install one of these applications on a college-owned computer, that person assumes responsibility for any possible security breach or issues with the college network.
Software on Personally-Owned Computers
Many of the college’s educational licensing agreements for software specifically limit installation to college-owned or controlled machines. Therefore, software purchased under these agreements may not be installed on personally-owned equipment. For questions about the college’s current licensing agreements and exceptions, please contact the Chief Information Officer.
Assistance
Please contact LITS Support with questions about the Standards or standard software. Support is available for consultation on accessing, translating, and migrating computer files from older programs and storage media to current college and industry standards.
User Accounts
Access to computing facilities and associated resources is provided as a privilege to members of the Beloit College community. The college provides these resources to support its educational mission. It is expected that users will conform with all rules and regulations pertaining to the appropriate use of these facilities. This involves using the facilities in a manner that is consistent with all college policies, with policies of other networks (e.g., WISCNET, Internet), and with state and federal laws. Every user is responsible for helping to ensure that these resources are used appropriately; this includes prompt reporting of instances where it is believed the policy has been abused. If someone is in doubt as to whether a particular proposed use is appropriate, they should check with Library and Information Technology Services (LITS) before the proposed use is undertaken. Misuse of computing facilities (whether or not they are directly college-owned) will constitute just cause for disciplinary action by Beloit College in addition to any legal enforcement by local, state, or federal authorities. Please refer to the Ethical Use policy for definitions of appropriate and inappropriate use.
This document addresses creation and termination policies and practices for primary accounts created by Library and Information Technology Services (LITS). Each type of account has specific requirements not outlined in this document. Primary accounts include LDAP, Moodle, Google Apps for Education (GAE), Windows, LiveWhale, and Jenzabar applications (including EX, Infomaker, the Portal (Jenzabar Internet Campus Solution (JICS)) and PowerFAIDS from the College Board). All accounts, including email, are college property; employees may not take accounts with them when they leave the institution with some exceptions for Emeriti Faculty. All requests outlined below for creation or termination of accounts must be made in writing via email.
The following have been defined as categories of individuals who request accounts from LITS:
Faculty
Staff
Students
Alumni
Contractors
Guests (long term and short term)
Departmental/Club/Group representatives
Account Creation
Faculty and Staff: Permanent and temporary staff accounts (eg. intern accounts) will be confirmed by the Human Resources office and Faculty accounts, including CLS non-Beloit faculty, will be confirmed by the Human Resources office or the Academic Dean’s office. A record will be initiated in Jenzabar EX by the Human Resources office. Once the EX record has been created, the user will be created in LDAP, GAE, and Moodle automatically. Faculty and staff are given access to the Portal immediately. If an employee or temporary staff member needs EX access, the employee’s supervisor may request an account by completing the Jenzabar EX Account Request Form. If an employee changes positions, the supervisor must complete the Jenzabar EX Account Request Form indicating the changes that should be made to Jenzabar application access. Employees and temporary staff are required to complete FERPA training before access to Jenzabar EX data will be granted. The Human Resources department will assure that all new employees review the FERPA training materials on the web and successfully take the FERPA quiz.
If a faculty or staff member’s name changes, they must initiate the change through the Human Resources department. Human Resources will send a notice of the change to LITS authorizing that the account name should be changed.
Students: Student accounts will be confirmed by the Registrar. The Registrar will initiate a user record in Jenzabar EX. Once the EX record has been created, the user will be created in LDAP, GAE, and Moodle. Students are given access to the Portal immediately. The student status recorded in EX by the Registrar will be used to determine student account actions.
If a student’s name changes, they must initiate the change through the Registrar. The Registrar will send a notice of the change to LITS authorizing that the account name should be changed.
Alumni: When a student graduates from Beloit College, they automatically become an alumnus/a. After this point, if the alumnus/a chooses to obtain an alumni account, the alumnus/a will be set up in the Beloit College Google Apps for Education (GAE) alumni.beloit.edu domain. All beloit.edu domain graduating student accounts will be suspended starting on July 1st following commencement. If a recent graduate requests an alumni account after July 1st, LITS will restore their student account for a short period of time (less than 1 week) in order to allow for content to be converted over to their new alumni account. All suspended student accounts will be deleted one year after suspension. After being set up in the GAE alumni.beloit.edu domain, the alumnus will no longer have any student-level access but will be granted access to resources designated for alumni, which will include resources such as the wireless network, computer labs and Library resources while on campus. Alumni will not have access to library resources from off-campus due to vendor licensing restrictions. If the alumnus/a does not wish to obtain a Beloit College alumni email address, the student account termination process will be followed.
If the alumnus/a did not graduate recently but would like an Alumni GAE account, one can be created for them via a request through the Alumni Office. The Alumni Office must verify that the request was received from a valid alumnus/a and forward the request and appropriate information to LITS. This information includes the person’s Jenzabar EX ID number. If an alumnus/a needs access to Jenzabar software applications or other services beyond email, wireless, and labs the Chief Information Officer must approve the request.
Contractors: A contractor is defined as someone who has a substantial presence on campus and acts in a similar role as a staff member but is not an employee of the college (eg. Bon Appetit, Health Services counselors, athletic trainers, and SLU person accounts). Permanent and temporary contractor accounts will be confirmed by the Human Resources office. Not all contractors will have a record in Jenzabar EX; therefore, Human Resources will initiate this request via e-mail to the IT department. Upon receiving the request, IT will create LDAP, GAE and Windows accounts.
Guests: There are two types of guests defined for the purpose of account creation — long-term and short-term. (Note: Beloit College students, faculty, staff and departments should never use a guest account to access college technology resources. They should always use their college-assigned account)
A long term guest is defined as someone who requests the general guest password more than twice, will be on campus for three weeks or longer (eg Trustee, auditor, special vendor, temporary Upward Bound and Help Yourself teachers, etc.) or someone who needs access to services other than the internet. Guest Access Representatives should not create temporary accounts for these guests; instead, LITS will create an LDAP/GAE/Moodle account for a long term guest only with approval from Human Resources, the Chief Information Officer, Faculty Member, or authorized departmental proxy. A termination date should be set unless otherwise authorized (i.e. trustees). Wireless will need to be configured to connect to the Beloit College wireless network and computer registration for wired and wireless connections are required. If a long-term guest needs access to Jenzabar software applications, the manager who is sponsoring the guest must send a written request to LITS by completing the Jenzabar EX Account Request Form.
A short term guest is defined as someone who requests a guest password less than twice and will be on campus for fewer than three weeks. Short term guests must be a sponsored visitor of a Beloit College faculty member, staff person, or student and will need to contact the appropriate Guest Access representative to receive the appropriate guest ID and password. The guest password will connect the short term guest to the Beloit College network for internet access only. If the short term guest needs access to services other than the internet (Jenzabar software applications, Moodle, GAE), they fall into the long term guest category. Guest Access Representatives must follow these procedures when granting guests access to the Beloit College network. Additional information about guest access to network resources can be found on the LITS Guest Access web page.
Departmental/Group/Club (Email/List specific): These accounts are created by using Google Groups. Any faculty, staff or student can create a Google Group and determine its membership.  LITS can provide assistance in setting up a group and setting permissions.
Procedure for Users in Multiple Groups
Following is the Order of Precedence for account existence in GAE domains and LDAP:
Faculty
Staff
Student
Contractor
Alumni
If a user can be classified in more than one of the above groups, their primary account is the one that is of the highest order and follows the creation and removal procedures for that group. No Guest group classification can exist for anyone that exists in one of the aforementioned groups. Exceptions must be approved through the Chief Information Officer.
Account Format
A standard account format is in place in order to support an efficient, automated process for creating and maintaining accounts. All email addresses are to be set up as @beloit.edu except in the case of accounts for Alumni the format is @alumni.beloit.edu.
The standard email/user name format will be: LastNameFirstInitialMiddleInitial@beloit.edu. If this account already exists, numbers will start to be added after the MiddleInitial. Last names that exceed 20 characters will be truncated.
Last names that contain a hyphen or space will be created without the hyphen or space. For example, the account for Robert S. Jones Drew or Robert S. Jones-Drew would be jonesdrewrs@beloit.edu.
Accounts created by Guest Password Representatives must include the individual guest’s last name or a group’s name in the username.
Aliases and Deviations from Standard Account Format
All special requests for an email address/user name that deviates from the standard format should be directed to the Chief Information Officer. LITS will set up aliases for internal purposes only, i.e. If a department needs a new address for a departmental account. Aliases that have been previously created will not be removed, but no new aliases will be created, other than for internal purposes. Aliases for internal purposes must be approved by a Director or Departmental Proxy for staff, must be approved by the Dean for faculty, and must be approved by a director or member of senior staff for departmental aliases.
Aliases add to the complexity of filter systems, log tracing, account creation, management, removal, and verification processes. When aliases exist, they have to be checked along with actual user names to avoid naming duplicates. Aliases break Beloit College’s email account naming standards. This affects the ability of the college community to identify names and appropriate email addresses. Aliases can also adversely affect the image of Beloit College if they are inappropriate. Extraneous email addresses on our systems also increase the potential for spam.
Termination of Accounts
Faculty and Staff: Termination of staff accounts happens on the last day of employment with the college. Upon retirement, and with emeriti status, faculty retain their college email account and access to Google apps and drive. If a faculty member leaves the college before retirement, their accounts will be terminated on the last day with the college.
Beloit College does not provide supervisors with password access to a departed employee account, no matter whether that employee has been voluntarily or involuntarily terminated. Upon receipt of an employee termination notice from HR, LITS will immediately change the password on the affected account and place an out-of-office email message reply that reads:
Thank you for contacting the Beloit College XXXX office. <PERSON’S NAME> is no longer with the college. Your message is important to us and we want to provide you with contact information for individuals who will be able to appropriately respond to you. For assistance with <SUBJECT OF OFFICE>, (i.e. accounting, event planning, admission, etc.) matters, please contact <DESIGNATED COLLEGE CONTACT> at EMAIL@beloit.edu or 608-363-XXXX.
An optional line may be added: If you are trying to reach <PERSON’S NAME>, please use <PERSON’S NAME@personal email address>
HR or the departed employee’s immediate supervisor will provide the designated departmental contact to LITS. The out-of-office message will remain in place for 12 months.
If supervisors need information that could be in the employee’s prior emails or files, they should notify the CIO or Deputy CIO and describe specifically what information they are seeking. For example: information about a budget request, information about an upcoming event, information about a specific program, etc. LITS will execute a confidential search of the departed employee’s files and email, copy any relevant information, and send it to the supervisor. Previous employee email and files will be retained and searchable for one year, after which the data will be permanently deleted.
Supervisors should strongly encourage employees who are departing to share all appropriate information with them before leaving. As a general practice, all employees should be encouraged to put institutional information on shared departmental M drives or Google Team drives.
Students: Termination of student accounts must be approved by the Registrar or the Dean of Students. If a student graduates, their student GAE and Portal account will be kept open for a grace period of approximately 2 months (July 1st for Spring graduates). During that time the student will be given the option to obtain an alumni GAE account into the Alumni domain or be suspended after the grace period for one year. The suspended GAE account will be permanently removed after one year. All other accounts will be closed at the time IT is notified. The student status recorded in Jenzabar EX by the Registrar will be used to determine student account actions.
Alumni: Termination of an Alumni account may be requested by email by the Alumnus/a, Alumni office, or senior staff member. The Alumni office will send a mailing to alumni annually to confirm which accounts are still valid. Accounts for alumni who do not respond to this annual mass mailing will be suspended for one calendar year. These accounts will be permanently removed after one year.
Contractors: Termination of contractor accounts must be approved by Human Resources in consultation with the appropriate senior staff member or supervisor. LITS will suspend the GAE account for one calendar year after the notification is received and all other accounts will be closed. GAE accounts will be permanently removed after one year.
Long Term Guests: Termination of guest accounts may be requested by email by the guest, the affiliated sponsor/liaison, a member of senior staff, or the Chief Information Officer. Guest accounts are set with expiration dates as appropriate. These accounts will be suspended for six months after the set expiration date, notice is received, or upon unsuccessful attempts with the guest or sponsor to verify that it is active. These accounts will be permanently removed after one year from the set expiration date.
Departmental/Club/Group: Google Groups will be suspended per request from a faculty, student or staff member and removed one year later. These Groups will also be subject to suspension if owners can not be contacted during review periods to verify their activity. All suspended Groups will be subject to permanent removal after one year.
All suspended Groups will be subject to permanent removal after one year.
Verification Process
This ongoing process is for reviewing accounts to verify that they should remain active in their current state and to assure that all accounts maintain the proper securities.
Faculty and Staff: Once every year, a complete LDAP list will be given to Human Resources for verification. Additional checks will be in place in Jenzabar EX to look for accounts that might raise red flags.
Students: After the removal of senior class accounts, all remaining student accounts will be sent to Registrar for verification of their continued existence.
Alumni: Alumni verification is stated above in Termination of Accounts through mass mailing verification.
Contractors: Once every year, a complete LDAP list will be given to Human Resources for verification.
Guests: On an annual basis, accounts without set expiration dates will be checked individually with the liaison department or staff member for their continued validity.
Departmental/Club/Group Google Groups: Every three years, owners or department heads will be contacted on an individual basis to see if the account or list should remain active. If LITS can not identify or contact an owner for continued activity, the account or list will be suspended. Suspended accounts will be removed completely from archives one year later.
Permissions
Guest network access: Authorized guests of the college will be given the guest username and password for access to the Beloit College network for browsing the internet only. If the guest needs to do more than just browse the internet, they will fall into the long term guest category.
Long term guest access: LITS will give access in LDAP, GAE, and/or Moodle to a guest with a legitimate need if requested by a faculty member, departmental proxy, or director. Vendors and consultants who need access to critical systems to perform work on behalf of the college will be given access to mission-critical systems on a case by case basis. These cases will be evaluated by the system administrator(s) for the system(s) in question.
Jenzabar EX Access: Once the employee’s supervisor or manager sponsoring a long-term guest contacts IT to request EX access, the Database Administrator or Application Support Specialist works with the appropriate Jenzabar EX Module Manager to determine the proper security settings, including budget access.
LDAP service attributes: Faculty, staff, and students are given default privileges of network, radius(wireless), lab, and proxy permissions. Alumni and guests are given default attributes of network, radius, and lab. Any additional attributes for any member must be approved by the Chief Information Officer or a member of senior staff.
Shell accounts and direct access to servers can be authorized directly by the system administrator for faculty, staff, and students. Shell accounts or direct access to servers given to alumni or guests must be approved by the Chief Information Officer or higher unless the server is specifically designated as providing a service for alumni or guests. An annual review of all shell or direct access accounts will be completed for these servers to find and remove accounts that are inactive or for people no longer affiliated with the college. Examples include Jenzabar and associated servers, Windows servers, File services, etc. System administrators of these systems are responsible for the review. System Administrators must assign expiration dates for Guest accounts created to access any server including Jenzabar, Windows, LDAP, etc. In some cases, the expiration date can be entered in LDAP. If they do not have an LDAP account or LDAP is not set to expire, then the expiration date must be put in the calendar of the system administrator to remind them to disable or remove the account permissions. Other conventions may be acceptable. Guests that need periodic access must have their accounts suspended or passwords changed when they do not need access. If an expiration date cannot be set, the server manager must periodically review accounts to determine whether existing guest accounts still need shell or direct access.
Contacts: Questions about this policy should be directed to the Chief Information Officer (CIO).
Web Legal
The Beloit College web site is a shared resource that supports and reflects the institution’s mission and programmatic goals. The primary audience of the Beloit College web site is prospective students and their families. Secondary audiences include alumni, prospective donors, the Beloit community, current students, faculty, and staff, and others with an interest in the College.
The College web site serves many purposes that must be balanced and coordinated including:
serving the College as a primary means of outreach and communication
creating a consistent, authentic image for the campus
providing basic information and functionality to meet College academic, administrative, and co-curricular goals
The Communications and Marketing (C&M) department and the Library and Information Technology Services (LITS) department are jointly responsible for the management and operation of College web page development resources, training, and assistance, as well as policy and guideline development and maintenance. Management includes maintenance of the format, design, and organization of the College’s home page and associated upper-level pages.
Suggestions for change are welcome and should be directed to the Chief Integrated Marketing Officer or the Chief Information Officer. C&M and LITS evaluate policies and guidelines periodically as College needs and technologies evolve.
To ensure a useful, current, interesting, and content-rich site that meets institutional needs, faculty, students, staff, and others are expected to contribute to and participate in the development and maintenance of the web site. At the same time, it is important that all web pages on the College web server conform to certain basic guidelines for consistency, access, and content to promote a consistent image of the College. It is critical that all information be regularly reviewed for relevancy and currency.
C&M and LITS reserve the right to make recommendations and work with individuals and offices to ensure that content and links are appropriate and consistent with the mission of the web site and the College.
Requests regarding home page content and location should be sent to the Chief Integrated Marketing Officer who will make decisions informed by the College’s Integrated Marketing Plan.
The College name and logo may not be used in ways that imply endorsement of external organizations, their products, or services.
No link shall be made from the Beloit College web site to unrelated third-parties that might indicate an official endorsement by Beloit College of such parties. The Chief Integrated Marketing Officer has the authority to determine whether a link to an unrelated third-party indicates an endorsement by Beloit College. In addition, no links shall be made from the Beloit College web site to personal or commercial interests when a conflict of interest may exist. The Chief Integrated Marketing Officer, in consultation with the Director of Human Resources, will have authority to determine whether a conflict of interest exists.
Site-wide Content Guidelines:
Legality
All information on College web sites must comply with local, state, and federal laws including, but not limited to, copyright, libel, and indecency statutes; College policy and standards; and reflect the mission of the College community. Violation of these laws, policies, standards, and guidelines may result in legal and/or disciplinary action.
Updates/Accuracy
Content providers are responsible for keeping web information updated and accurate as per College guidelines. Please check with the appropriate office regarding all facts and figures on your web site. All sites must be reviewed once a semester for accuracy and currency.
Training/Updates
Everyone responsible for updating content on the site must complete CMS training. Departments and programs are responsible for assigning responsibility within their areas for content updates in order to ensure that review requirements are met. The name and contact information for persons responsible for content updates should be sent to C&M. Training sessions will be provided as needed.
Grammar and Spelling
Text on Beloit College web pages must be grammatically correct and free of spelling errors. Site developers are strongly encouraged to have their pages reviewed by another party for typographical errors and similar problems.
Acronyms should be used sparingly and never as a first reference. For questions about college style (capitalization, punctuation, proper names, etc.), review the Beloit College Style and Resource Guide.
Web Development Software Standards:
After careful evaluation, the College has standardized on Live Whale, a content management system. Advantages of standardization include improved support, ease of updates, improved data sharing, and compatibility, and cost savings.
The first several layers of the Beloit web site are designed to project a consistent look through design and navigation features. Site design standards are periodically reviewed.
C&M provides basic, approved templates for use on the first several layers of the Beloit web site. If your content does not fit within the given templates, please contact C&M for assistance in generating a new template that can be shared by the community as the need arises.
General Guidelines for Page Design & Layout
The college seal and all logos may not be used without prior approval of the Chief Integrated Marketing Officer.
Pages must include the following components:
Link Integrity
All links throughout your site must function. As content on the web is ever-changing, so are pages to which you might link. Check your links at least once a month to ensure that they function and lead to the page you desire. If you are linking to an external web site (i.e., a site other than the Beloit College web site), it is recommended that the link open in a new browser window.
Accessibility, Usability and Browser compatibility
Pages should be viewable and usable by the broadest range of platforms, browsers, and equipment possible. Please consult Web Services for a list of common browsers and platforms.
Alternate text
To facilitate use by text-only browsers, every image should be accompanied by an ALT tag with descriptive text explaining the image. Spacing gifs, bullets, and other incidental images should use an empty ALT tag (ALT=”“).
Images
All images should specify HEIGHT and WIDTH to facilitate efficient page download.
Assistance and Training
Communications and Marketing maintains a style sheet that details the correct format for the college’s name, official titles and names (example: for buildings) and other college-related information.
Web Privacy
Beloit College respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information. This policy demonstrates that commitment.
When you visit the college’s primary website (www.beloit.edu or http://beloit.edu ) we may collect and store technical information such as the pages that you visit and the time you spend on those pages, the browser you are using, the operating system of the device you are using, and the domain name of your Internet provider. We also employ cookies on our website. For information about how cookies are used, as well as settings to control cookie, please see https://cookiesandyou.com/. This information enables us to learn about how the website is being used, identify access problems, and continually improve the web experience for you. This information is never used to identify you.
The college lawfully collects and may process personal information that you submit to the college or that we obtain when you permit third-parties to share information with the college. The college collects this personal information for purposes relevant to college operations in pursuit of its academic mission. We may use that information to respond to a request from you, process student admissions and requests for financial aid, receive job applications, register student, employee and alumni registrations for activities and events, and provide other services to the students, employees and other people that are a component of fulfilling the mission of the college.
Personal Information We Process
We may process (i.e., collect and keep) the following types of personal information about you: (i) your name and your contact information, i.e., local and permanent address, email address and telephone number; (ii) your date of birth, gender and gender identity, and Social Security number or taxpayer identification number; (iii) your country of domicile and your nationality; (iv) information about your academic and your extracurricular interests and activities; and (v) certain other information you may be asked to provide in connection with any online forms available on our website or a website operated by a contracted trusted third-party. The legal basis for processing your personal information is that it is necessary in order for you to enter into a contract to provide the stated services to you.
Personal Information We Share
Beloit College will not sell or rent your personal information to any outside entity. However, we may share your data internally among college departments and offices or with trusted third-party entities who agree to keep your information confidential for the purpose of operating our website, conducting college business or providing you with services. The college will also release your personal information when we determine that the release is necessary to comply with the law or to protect the health, safety and property rights of the college or others.
Security and Retention of Personal Information
Beloit College implements physical and electronic controls as well as adherence to administrative policies and procedures intended to safeguard information that the college collects and stores. Your personal information will be retained in accordance with our records retention policy.
Questions/Concerns/Complaints
If you have questions, concerns or complaints about how we are using your personal information, we may be able to resolve your complaints, and request that you contact the person serving as the college’s Data Protection Officer (contact information is below).
Chief Information Officer (serving as Data Protection Officer)
Beloit College
700 College St.
Beloit, WI 53511
This site uses cookies to improve your experience. Read our Web Privacy Policy for more information.
Got it! ×