http://www.laetechnologies.com/privacy-policy
About Us
Engineer's Corner
Clients
Toggle Navigation
Home
Rapid Prototyping
Tooling & Production
News
About Us
Engineer's Corner
Clients
Contact Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
We at LAE Technologies value your privacy. Any personal information supplied will remain within our organization and will not be sold, shared, or disclosed to any external entity without your prior written consent.
Our website utilizes cookies and web server logs to collect information about how our website is used. Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a website. Cookies are files stored by a user's web browser on the user's hard drive. Cookies remember what information a user accesses on a given web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that specific site by the same user, making it easier for a user to move from web page to web page.
Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, time spent on the website, pages viewed, and the websites visited immediately before and after our website. This information is collected on an aggregate basis; none of this information is associated with you as an individual. We may share anonymous aggregated data with other companies for market research purposes.
Please note that when using a link from our website to another website, our privacy policy is no longer in effect. Browsing and interaction on other websites, including websites with a link on our website, is subject to that website's policies. We recommend exercising caution and reviewing the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
HOME
TOOLING & PRODUCTION
NEWS
CONTACT US
ABOUT US
ENGINEER'S CORNER
CLIENTS
RAPID PROTOTYPING
FDM
SLA
SLS
PolyJet 3D Printing
CNC Machining
RTV Moulding
Design
STAY SOCIAL
Call LAE TECHNOLOGIES Toll Free:
1 (866) 807-6975
Telephone:
1 (705) 728-7000
Fax:
1 (705) 728-3594
Email:
info@laetechnologies.com
© 2014 LAE Technologies
|
Sign In
PRIVACY POLICY
Website Design & Development by noBul Media
Website Design & Development by noBul Media