http://www.mosek.com/privacy/
Mosek
Home
Downloads
Documentation
Resources
Getting Started
Presentations
Newsletter
Third Party
Products
MOSEK
Latest: v9.2
Release Policy
Trial License
Academic Licenses
License Agreement
Supported Platforms
Sales
Commercial Pricing
MOSEK OEM/ISV Program
Order
License Activation
Software Maintenance
Academic Initiative
Resellers & Partners
Support
About us
The Company
Advisory Boards
Contact & Information
Visiting Mosek
Career Options
Branding
Your privacy is very important to us. Therefore, we have adopted a privacy policy that covers the collection, use and disclosure of personal information that may be collected from you on this website.
Personal information is only collected and used to the extent it is necessary or helpful in order to provide you with a service and/or
products, and it is only collected to a very limited extent.
The personal information we collect is never disclosed/shared to third party companies. This can become an exception if we are forced to do so because of requirements in applicable legislation or commands from public authorities.
All personal information collected on this website is stored in a way which makes it inaccessible to outsiders. This information may be stored and processed on computers in any country, which are at Mosek's disposal - especially in Ireland, United Kingdom and Denmark.
Your communication with this homepage is encrypted (HTTPS) in order to make it inaccessible to outsiders.
What kind of information does Mosek collect about me?
Apart from the information you provide through forms, the following information is collected anonymously when you access our website:
Your IP address
Date and time of visiting
Your browser version
Your operational system version
Please note that links that are not a Mosek subdomain (*.mosek.com) are not be covered by our privacy policy, therefore Mosek is not responsible for the way personal information is collected, used etc. on those websites. If our privacy policy gives rise to questions and/or comments, please contact us.
Phone
+45 71 74 93 73
Address
Fruebjergvej 3, Symbion Science Park, 2100 Copenhagen, Denmark
E-mail
sales@mosek.com
© 2020 Mosek. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy.