http://www.americansanskrit.com/privacy-policy
Cart
0
Sign In
My Account
Home
Store
Classes
Study at Home
Lessons
Articles
About
Back
Sanskrit Classes
Weekend Level I
Schedule
Teachers
Panini
Sanskrit Teacher Training
Sanyama Meditation
Yoga Sutras Workshops
Sanskrit Calligraphy
Back
About ASI
Our Learning Model
The Story of Sanskrit
ASI in our 30th Year
Rave Reviews
Founder, Vyaas Houston
Director, Zoe Mai
Contact
Privacy PolicyPolicyAt the American Sanskrit Institute, we are just as concerned about your privacy as you are. We appreciate your trust and want you to feel confident in our services and security as it relates to your personal information. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting americansanskrit.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice. The American Sanskrit Institute will never sell, rent, or share your personal information with unauthorized third parties. This information is solely collected to enhance your shopping experience and will not be used for any other purpose. Here are the types of information we gather: Information You Give Us - We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You provide information when you search, buy, order, post reviews, or communicate via other methods with American Sanskrit Institute. Through such activities, you might supply us with details such as your name, address, phone number(s), and credit card information. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of some of our features. We use information that you provide solely for such purposes as responding to your requests, fulfilling orders, customizing future shopping for you, improving our store features, and communication with you. Automatic Information - We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website. For example, like many web sites, we sometimes use "cookies," which are alphanumeric identifier text files that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web client to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits. For security purposes, American Sanskrit Institute sometimes collects and analyzes the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, and to our Web site. This is done for your protection for tracking purposes in the unfortunate event that someone gains access to your personal or financial information and opens an account and makes purchases under your name. E-mail Communications - To improve your experience, American Sanskrit Institute uses e-mail to send you newsletters highlighting classes and products, notifications of changes to our policies, and order confirmations. American Sanskrit Institute does not want to send you unsolicited emails or newsletters unless you have opted to receive them. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, other than order notifications and receipts, please adjust your "Subscription" preferences by logging into your account.SecurityAny of the personal details you give us and all electronic payments through our checkout process are automatically encrypted before being sent to a secure server using the Secure Sockets Layer protocol with an encryption key, key length of 128-bits. . It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer by clicking the "log off" link located in the top left corner.ConditionsIf you choose to visit americansanskrit.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of New Jersey, our local state. If you have any concern about the privacy of your personal information as used and collected within our Web site, please send us a thorough description via e-mail or our Contact Us form, and we will try to resolve it.Our business can change, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use can change also. However, we will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to. You should always check our Web site to see the most recent updates to our policies and conditions. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. QuestionsQuestions regarding our Conditions of Usage, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be routed through our Contact Us page.