https://www.sanger.ac.uk/policies/privacy/
Skip to main content
Careers | Find us | Contact us
About
Our Vision
Tackling COVID-19 at the Sanger Institute
Leadership
Strategy and Funding
Influencing Policy
Equality in Science
Careers
Study
Research Policies
Campus Connections
Admin Groups
Branding and Logos
Science
Programmes
Scientific Groups
Collaborations
Tools
Data
Sanger Projects
Publications
Sanger Seminar Series
People
Leadership
Faculty
Associate Faculty
Honorary Faculty
International Fellows
Science Staff
Non-science Staff
Full A-Z
Innovation
Innovation at the Institute
For Industry
For Researchers
Case Studies
Our Spin-Outs
Sanger Technologies
News
Online Privacy NoticeOur contact detailsWhat type of data we collect about youPurposes and legal grounds for processingWhat we do with the data and who we share it withHow we store your data and when we delete itYour data protection rightsHow to complainPrivacyOnline Privacy NoticeGenome Research Limited and its subsidiaries (“we” or “us”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Notice explains how we, as Data Controller, handle your personal data when you visit our online resources. It also provides details of the rights that you have under data protection law. Such laws, for the avoidance of doubt, include the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and its implementing legislation in the UK.
Our contact details
Genome Research Limited
Wellcome Genome Campus, Hinxton Cambridge CB10 1SA
+44 (0)1223 834244
dataprotection@sanger.ac.uk
sanger.ac.uk
What type of data we collect about you
When you visit our websites, we may collect a variety of data about your use of our websites (“Browsing Data”), including but not limited to the following:
The domain name from which you access the internet;
The date and time at which you access our site;
Details of your usage of the site including pages visited;
Terms entered into our search engine; and
The internet address from which you direct-linked to our site
The information collected is not intended to be personally identifiable but we cannot guarantee in every case that no personally-identifiable information will be included. Logs of these data may also include your user ID in the event that you visit a page that requires you to log in. For more information about the data collected, please see our cookie policy.
We may collect other information that you choose to provide (“Submitted Data”), such as through a submission or email message, or in answers to surveys. This may include information such as your:
Name;
Job title;
Postal address;
Telephone and/or fax number;
Email address; and
Any other information you choose to provide
Submitted Data will only be collected directly from you.
Purposes and legal grounds for processing
We collect Browsing Data to meet our audit and security requirements, as well as to help us improve our sites. Our lawful justification for processing Browsing Data is our legitimate interest in engaging and informing the public, researchers and colleagues about our activities. We have carried out a balancing exercise between our interests and your rights, to ensure your rights are protected during the processing.
Where we collect Submitted Data, it is for the purpose indicated in each case and our lawful basis for processing is your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
In certain circumstances, we may also need to process your personal data to comply with our legal obligations.
What we do with the data and who we share it with
We collect Browsing Data in order to measure the number of visitors to the various sections of our site, analyse traffic patterns, and to help us make our site more useful to our visitors. We use any other information that you have given us to provide the service(s) you request.
We maintain access-controlled logs of Browsing Data on our secure servers. We do not transfer this data outside the EEA and will not share any identifiable personal data with any third parties.
In certain circumstances we may be required to share your personal data with law enforcement officials or other third parties where we are under a duty to do so in order to comply with any legal or regulatory requirement, or to protect rights, property, or safety of our employees or others. Finally, we may need to share your data with our legal advisors to seek advice, or in relation to litigation.
How we store your data and when we delete it
Your Browsing Data is stored in logs kept on our access-controlled secure servers. These logs are maintained no longer than necessary and in compliance with our standard operating procedure.
Your Submitted Data is stored and deleted in accordance with the information provided to you in each case, and always in compliance with our internal procedures.
Your data protection rights
You may have the right to request access, rectification or erasure, amongst other rights, in relation to your personal data.
Any request to exercise one of these rights will be assessed by us on a case by case basis. There may be circumstances in which we are not legally required to comply with a request because of relevant exemptions provided for in applicable data protection legislation. If we are required to comply, we have one month to respond in most cases.
Please contact us at dataprotection@sanger.ac.uk if you wish to make a request.
How to complain
If you have concerns about how we have handled your personal data, you should get in contact with us at dataprotection@sanger.ac.uk in the first instance. If you are dissatisfied with our response, you have the right to complain to your Data Protection Authority. In the UK, that is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
The ICO’s contact details:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
Thank you for supporting Genome Research Limited.