http://www.openoptions.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Covid Response
Industries
Oil & Gas and Energy
Mining and Resources
Chemicals
Manufacturing
Pharma and Healthcare
IT and Telecom
CPG & Retail
Banking and Financials
Media and Entertainment
Public Sector
Your Industry
Issues We Solve
Joint Ventures and Strategic Alliances
Competitive Positioning and Growth Strategies
Corporate and Government Affairs
Environmental Affairs and Regulations
Mergers, Acquisitions and Consolidation
Operational Issues
Labor Negotiation
Major Litigation
Other Areas Where Game Theory Applies
Case Studies
Stakeholder Insight Sessions
Open Options Process
Step 1: Defining the Issue
Step 2: Harvesting Organizational Knowledge
Step 3: Building Consensus in Executive Sessions
Step 4: Revealing Insights with Game Theory Analysis
Step 5: Presenting a Clear, Trusted Action Plan
Privacy Policy
1. Open Options Corporation only collects personal information when you give it to us voluntarily, for example, by filling out a form or survey.
2. Open Options Corporation does not sell or lend your information to any third-party marketing group.
3. We may gather information about traffic on our web site so that we can continue to develop the site to better suit your needs. This does not include personal information about you, but includes information about your visit on the site such as:
The name of your Internet service provider, its IP address and the name of your service provider's service.
The length of each visit.
The number of requests per visit.
Your type of operating system (Windows, MacIntosh, Unix, etc.)
Your browser type (Firefox, Internet Explorer, etc.)
4. Canadians are protected by two federal privacy laws, the Privacy Act and the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA). PIPEDA is based on the Canadian Standards Association's Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information, which is incorporated into the legislation. Organizations in Quebec are subject to the Quebec private sector privacy law. Oversight of the law is in the hands of the Commission d'accès à l'information.
Boardroom Battlefield
Find out why senior executives often can’t agree and what to do about it.
Thank you for downloading - your whitepaper has been emailed to you.
Sorry, we couldn't process your request. Please try again later.