http://www.john-libbey-eurotext.fr/en/infos_legales
Home
Bookstore
Search for books
Collections
New books and E-books
Decreasing prices
Publishers :
Journals
Medicine
Bulletin Infirmier du Cancer
Dermato Mag
Environnement, Risques & Santé
Epileptic Disorders
European Journal of Dermatology
Gériatrie et Psychologie Neuropsychiatrie du
Vieillissement
Hématologie
Hépato-Gastro & Oncologie Digestive
Innovations & Thérapeutiques en Oncologie
L'Information Psychiatrique
L'Orthodontie Française
Médecine
Médecine de la Reproduction
Médecine thérapeutique
Médecine thérapeutique / Pédiatrie
Revue de neuropsychologie
Sang Thrombose Vaisseaux
Sciences sociales et santé
e-VEGF-IMMUNO-actu
Biology and research
Annales de Biologie Clinique
European Cytokine Network
Journal de Pharmacie Clinique
Magnesium Research
Virologie
Subcriptions
Order an issue
Apps
Apps
Specialities
Anesthesiology - reanimation
Dermatology and Venereology
Emergency
For the patient and his family
Gastroenterology and Hepatology
General medicine
General Surgery
Geriatrics
Health system
Hematology
Infectious and tropical diseases
Internal Medicine
Maxillofacial
and stomatology surgery
Medical Biology and Physiology
Nephrology
Neurology - Neuropsychology - Epilepsy
Obstetric Gynaecology and Reproduction
Oncology - Cancer
Orthodontics
Pain
Pediatrics and Neonatology
Pediatric surgery
Pharmacy
Plastic surgery, Reconstructive and Aesthetic
Psychiatry
Psychology
Student
Transfusion - hemobiology
Urological surgery
Vascular medicine
Virology
All specialities
Services
Help/FAQ
Subscribe
Order an issue
General terms and conditions of sale
Pay per view
Rights & permissions
License
Agenda
My account
Home >
Privacy policy
My cart
( 0 )
Français
English
Privacy policy
Legal references
This website - www.jle.com - is published by John Libbey Eurotext PLC, a company capitalised at £50,000 whose Registered office in France is 30 rue Berthollet, Bât. A, 94110 Arcueil, France, registered on the Créteil trade and companies register under number B 328195904. Phone number: + 33 (0)1 46 73 06 60 Publication Director: Mr. Gilles Cahn
Number assigned to jle.com, as an online news service, by the Commission paritaire des publications et agences de presse (CPPAP): 0525W91829
Hosting provider: Dolomède 18 avenue des fées 44300 Nantes, France. Phone number : + 33 (0)7 60 08 20 22
Copyright
This website and its whole content are protected by French Copyright Law, according to provisions of French Intellectual Property Code. All rights are reserved. Copyright in this web site and its content is owned by John Libbey Eurotext unless otherwise indicated.
Neither this website nor its content, including the articles and other contributions, in part or as a whole, can be reproduced, published, displayed, downloaded, modified, used to create derivative works, or otherwise reproduced or transmitted by any mechanical or electronic means known or unknown on the date hereof, including but not limited to photocopying, recording, scanning, or any information storage and retrieval system, or made available by any communication networks and/or other websites, without the express written authorisation from John Libbey Eurotext.
The aforesaid facts are punishable offences, according to articles L 335-2 onwards of French Intellectual Property Code.
Guarantee and liability
The statements and/or opinions contained in the articles or other materials published/displayed on this website are those of individual authors and contributors. In no event, John Libbey Eurotext can be held responsible for any harm or damage caused to persons or property, whether this is the result of responsibility for products, of negligence or any other cause, or of the use of the products, methods, instructions and ideas contained in the aforesaid information, which are available on this website.
Notably, John Libbey Eurotext can not be held responsible for the accuracy of any information contained in the articles or other material published/displayed on this website and does not accept any liability for any error and/or omission and/or damage and/or injury to persons or property arising out of the use of any method, instruction and idea contained on such material.
No statement and/or opinion contained in the articles or other materials published/displayed on this website should be regarded as a diagnosis. The reading of those statements and/or opinion should not replace the consultation of a doctor or any other specialist.
Due to ongoing research, to changes in government regulations and to the increasing flow information relating to drug therapy and drug reactions, John Libbey Eurotext highly recommends the reader to verify any changes in diagnosis, posology, indications, and contraindications that could be mentioned within the articles or other materials.
Any browsing to a third party’s website, which is not part of John Libbey Eurotext webpages, and which is accessible via a link through the John Libbey Eurotext website, is done at the own risk of the reader. John Libbey Eurotext can not be held responsible for the accuracy of any information contained on third party websites and does not accept any liability for any error and/or omission and/or damage and/or injury to persons or property arising out of the use of any method, instruction and idea contained on such websites.
Personal Information Data protection
Why do we collect your data?
Your data are collected as part of your registration on the www.jle.com website and as part of the purchase of a book, issue or article from our journals. These data are processed electronically under the responsibility of John Libbey Eurotext, whose registered office is located at 30 rue Berthollet, Bât. A, 94110 Arcueil, France.
Data processing is used for management purposes, customer relationship management, and the sending of offers that can be personalised. Your data will be used for these purposes only and in the strictest confidentiality. Their use is based on your consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
Who is your data for?
Your data, stored in a secure computer file, is intended exclusively for John Libbey Eurotext and for service providers authorised to process your data solely on behalf of John Libbey Eurotext.
We do not share your personal data with third parties. We do not sell or rent your personal data.
How to access, correct or delete your personal data?
In accordance with Law No. 78-17 of 6 January 1978 on Data Processing, Data Files and Individual Liberties and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) No. 2016/679 of 27 April 2016, you have the right to access, rectify, delete, recover your data, as well as the right to oppose any direct marketing campaign or profiling operation, under the conditions provided for by the GDPR.
You can exercise your rights with John Libbey Eurotext by e-mail or by post. Any request to exercise your rights must be accompanied by proof of identity and sent to webmaster@jle.com or by post.
At any time, you can manage your subscriptions to the services offered in the "My Account" section of our website www.jle.com.
Retention of your data
We keep your data as long as we provide you with our services and products.We will delete your data after two years, if your login details have not been used and if no subscriptions or orders for books, issues and journal articles are in progress.
Cookies
John Libbey Eurotext uses cookies to analyze site visit statistics and allow you to keep your session data, your identification on our site.
Jobs