http://www.cnwmc.com/cwm/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyJohn Devereaux2017-11-20T17:12:39+00:00
Sort It Households
Sort-It Businesses
Our Privacy Principles
CNWM respects the following principles when collecting, using, disclosing and protecting your personal information. CNWM is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals and organizations who visit this website.
1. Identifying Purposes and Obtaining Your Consent
We identify the purposes for collecting personal information at or before the time it is collected.
We obtain your consent before collecting, using or disclosing personal information, except where permitted or required by law.
2. Limiting the Collection, Use and Disclosure of Your Information
We limit the personal information we collect to what is necessary for the purposes we have identified. We collect information only by fair and lawful means.
We do not use or disclose personal information for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with your consent, or where permitted or required by law. We retain personal information only as long as necessary for these purposes.
3. Keeping Your Information Accurate and Providing Access to Your Information
We make every effort to keep personal information as accurate, complete and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used.
Upon request, we provide you with access to your personal information. You can ask how your information is used or disclosed, can ensure it is accurate and complete, and can update it if necessary.
4. Protecting Your Information
We safeguard the privacy of personal information through security measures appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
5. Addressing Your Concerns
We make available to you information about our policies and practices related to managing your personal information.
We strive to address your concerns. We have steps you can follow if you have questions or concerns about your privacy.
Collecting personal information
In order to make the CNWM website more useful to the public, our web server automatically collects and saves a limited amount of information concerning your visit. The information collected is not personal information and does not link to individuals. This information includes:
• Internet Protocol (IP) address (e.g. 123.45.67.890)
• Browser type and version (e.g. Firefox 6.0, Safari 4.3)
• Page(s) visited
• Date and time of page(s) visited
The only identifiable personal information collected by this website is information you give voluntarily. CNWM considers the personal information you provide through this website confidential.
Definition of personal information
Personal information means recorded information about an identifiable individual, including the individual’s name, address, or telephone number.
Contact Information
Address: Route 3-1-09, Norris Arm, NL
Phone: (709) 653-2900
Email: info@cnwmc.com
Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
© 2017 Central Waste Management.
All Rights Reserved.
Home
About Us
CNWM
Governance
Documents and Reports
News
Public Notices
FAQs
Our Services
Sort It Households
Sort It Businesses
Commercial Services
Public Drop-Off
Fee Schedule
CNWM Sites
CNWM Card
Collection Schedules
Ward 1
Ward 2
Ward 3
Ward 4
Ward 5
Ward 6
Ward 7
Ward 8
Ward 9
Ward 10
Ward 11
Ward 12
Contact