http://www.teratology.org/privacy-policy.asp
Privacy Policy and Disclaimers
Home
About
Privacy Policy and Disclaimers
About
Privacy Policy and Disclaimers
The Teratology Society is committed to honoring the privacy of those who visit our website and at the same time providing you with the most useful and enjoyable web experience as possible. The Privacy Policy governs how we collect, store, and use information about our visitors. It will be continuously reexamined in light of new technologies, new business practices, and the changing needs of our visitors. This privacy policy applies to all personal data processed by full-time and part-time employees, volunteers when acting on behalf of the Teratology Society, contractors, and partners doing business on behalf of the Teratology Society, as well as all legal entities and all business processes conducted by the Teratology Society.
What information is being collected?
For General Users: The Teratology Society does not collect any personal identifying information from users just browsing our website. Our server recognizes your domain name and the pages that you visit. These data are gathered in an aggregate manner for quality control, statistical purposes and improvement of our site. This information is never forwarded to third parties.
For Teratology Society Members, Meeting Registrants, and other Customers: Personal information collected from you is used to fulfill a service such as meeting registration or dues renewal. To gain access to the member-restricted information, members are asked to provide their email address and password. All personal data are submitted voluntarily. Information provided on our Membership Application is used internally to determine eligibility of membership and will not be shared with a third party. Once a Membership Application has been processed it will be purged from the online systems and archived electronically on the secure internal network.
Award nominations and/or applications are used by the relevant committee (e.g., Awards Committee, Student Affairs Committee) to review and select award recipients. Award nomination information is archived electronically on the secure internal network after one year.
How will your information be used?
The Teratology Society uses information collected on the website to enhance our products and services. Demographic information is specifically used for the purpose of monitoring or improving the use of and satisfaction with our website. The Teratology Society ensures the security and privacy of any personally identifiable information that we collect. At any time, you may view and/or update your registered information by accessing your Membership Profile. Alternatively, users may contact Teratology Society Headquarters (TSHQ@teratology.org or 703.438.3104).
The Teratology Society makes member contact information available through the Teratology Society website, the BDR Connection member network, and the Membership Directory online only to other members using the website. The Teratology Society uses your email address to respond to your request(s) and to relay membership communication such as Officer and Bylaws Ballots, Calls for Session Proposals and Abstracts, and other important membership correspondence.
Legal Basis for Using your Information
The Teratology Society will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. We may use your personal data in order to perform the contract we entered into with you. If you failed to provide personal data required to perform the contract, we may not be able to perform the contract and we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us. We will notify you if this is the case at the time.
The Teratology Society may use your personal data based on your consent. By providing the Teratology Society your personal information, you are actively agreeing to interact with us, through membership and/or other events and services, and giving us consent to use your personal data. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us. Please remember that withdrawing your consent does not remove the legal basis to use your information to perform the contract where applicable.
How Long Your Information Is Stored
The Teratology Society follows a record retention policy which is available to members on the members-only section of the website and is otherwise available upon request. The Teratology Society will continue to communicate with individuals for as long as a member or other customer/partner is actively engaged with the Teratology Society and for four years after their last interaction, to ensure that those interested in Teratology Society services are provided the latest information. After inactivity for four years, an individual’s information will be kept in the database on the secure internal network, but it will not be processed for communication purposes. Individual information can be anonymized upon request by contacting Teratology Society Headquarters at TSHQ@teratology.org. The Teratology Society follows Internal Revenue Service guidelines for retention of accounting and tax records.
Disclosure to Third Parties
The Teratology Society is a member of the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology (FASEB). As such, Teratology Society members are also FASEB members and will be included in the FASEB Membership Directory, available online, unless a member Opts Out which may be done when renewing membership dues or by contacting Teratology Society Headquarters (TSHQ@teratology.org or 703.438.3104).
Periodically, the Teratology Society may share personally identifiable information with organizations that we believe might have a product or service of interest to you. Limited data provided to third parties include name, affiliation and business address. Your email, telephone, and fax numbers will not be disclosed to third parties.
At any time you may view and/or update your registered information by accessing your Membership Profile. Alternatively, users may contact Teratology Society Headquarters (TSHQ@teratology.org or 703.438.3104). You may update your online profile at any time to change your communication subscription preferences and/or to indicate that you do not want us to share your mailing information with third parties.
Responses to Legal Requests
The Teratology Society reserves the right to share your information to respond to duly authorized information requests of governmental authorities or where required by law. The Teratology Society will ensure proper communication with regulatory authorities to ensure privacy.
How we use “Cookies”
The Teratology Society uses ‘Authentication Cookies’ used by web servers to know whether the user is logged in or not, and which account they are logged in with. Without such a mechanism, the site would not know whether to send a page containing sensitive information, or require the user to authenticate themselves by logging in. Cookies are generated by our website to provide you with a personalized and enhanced online experience. These Cookies make your navigation through our sites easier by saving your passwords, preferences, and member profile information. Cookies also show how visitors use our site and enable us to make improvements based on actual visitor traffic patterns. The use of Cookies in this manner is an association industry standard.
How We Use Google Analytics
The Teratology Society’s website employs Google Analytics to collect detailed metrics to analyze visits to our websites and track behavior in the aggregate and via Internet Protocol (IP). Google Analytics records the pages you view within our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your browser and the operating system of your computer or device. The information we collect from Google Analytics helps us understand what parts of our sites are most used, how people arrive at our site and so on. Like most websites, we use this information to make our website better.
International Transfer
The Teratology Society is headquartered in the United States and your personal data may be transferred to the United States or other locations where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. For the European Union users, the European Commission has approved the use of model contract clauses as a means of ensuring adequate protection when transferring data outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). By incorporating model contract clauses into a contract between the Teratology Society and the third-party processors that the Teratology Society engages, your information can be protected when transferred outside of the EEA to countries which have not been deemed by the European Commission to adequately protect personal data, including the United States.
European Union Privacy Rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (also known as GDPR), if you are an individual protected by the GDPR, you have the following rights:
Access: you may receive information about our processing of your personal data and a copy of your personal data.
Correct: you may request us to update or correct inaccurate data we have about you. You can also do this by accessing your information as described above.
Delete: you may ask us to delete your personal information. See above for more detail.
Opt-out: you may change your subscription setting at any time and stop receiving any direct marketing communications as described above.
Transfer: you may ask us to transfer your personal data in a machine-readable format to a third party of your choice.
Restrict: you may ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information under certain circumstances.
Object: you may object to our reliance on our legitimate interest as the basis of our processing if you believe it impacts your fundamental rights and freedoms.
Complain: you have a right to submit a complaint to the supervisory authority in the Member State in which you are located. The list of Data Protection authorities and their contact information are available on the European Commission’s website.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights above, please contact us by email at TSHQ@teratology.org.
Disclaimers
International Intellectual Property and Copyright laws protect all
materials contained on the Teratology Society website. ‘Material’ includes
all text, graphics, icons, photographs, software, audio, and video.
Permission is granted to download, copy, or print material for personal,
instructional, or noncommercial use.
Information contained on our website does not necessarily
represent the views or opinions of the Teratology Society. Information
found on the Teratology Society website should not be relied on as
medical, legal, business, or tax advice.
The Teratology Society website provides hyperlinks to external
sites for the convenience of our visitors. Such a hyperlink does not imply
that the Teratology Society endorses the content or operation of external
sites. You are solely responsible for how you use any external site linked
from this website.
The laws of the State of Virginia and the United States of America
apply, no matter where this website is viewed. Any suits filed against the
Teratology Society must be filed in the state of Virginia.
This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time, and you are
urged to review it periodically. Use of the Teratology Society website
constitutes agreement to the Policy that is posted at the time of use.
Give Us Your Feedback
Our goal is to protect your privacy and to provide a pleasant user experience. To comment on or help us to improve this privacy policy, contact Teratology Society Headquarters (TSHQ@teratology.org or 703.438.3104).
Effective May 25, 2018