http://www.weedcenter.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Weed Center understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users. This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of Weed Center and its services. It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information. We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully.
This Privacy Policy applies to websites owned and operated by Weed Center that are intended for use by consumers (non-professionals) for non-commercial personal, family or household purposes, including MarijuanaBreak.com, and including the mobile optimized versions of these sites (we refer to these sites collectively as the “Weed Center Sites”). We refer to the Weed Center Sites, along with the information and services made available to you through the Weed Center Sites, as the “Services.”
If you do not want us to collect, use or disclose information about you and your use of the Services as described in this Privacy Policy, then you should not use the Services. By using the Services, you must agree to the Weed Center Terms of Use, which is the contract between us and users of the Services.  By accepting the Weed Center Terms of Use, you confirm that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy and the Marijuana Break Cookie Policy and you acknowledge that we will store, use and otherwise process your information in the United States.
References to “Weed Center,” “we” or “us” mean WeedCenter.org and its agents, employees, contractors, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other related, affiliated or controlled companies. Weed Center may share information among its subsidiaries or websites that it owns or controls, but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy. Except as otherwise noted in this Privacy Policy, Weed Center is the data controller responsible for the processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected About You
Some of our Services (such as certain quizzes or calculators) do not retain your personal information, while others (such as Get Your Medical Card and Online THC Calculator) store your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Even if you do not register with or provide any personal information to Weed Center, we collect information about your use of the Weed Center Sites and the Services. We may also acquire information about our users from external sources.
When you use the Services, we collect information as follows:
Registration
While you may use most of the Services without registering, certain Services do require that you register with Weed Center for them to function properly. If you choose to register or update an existing account with Weed Center or access certain Services, you may be required to provide certain personal information, such as your name, address, telephone number, gender, email address and date of birth, and a username and password to access your Weed Center account. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the personal information that you submit to Weed Center.
Email Newsletters
At registration and at various times as you use the Weed Center Sites, you will be given the option of providing us with personal information in order to receive informational/promotional newsletters via email from Weed Center and/or directly from third parties. From time to time Weed Center may offer users of third party websites to the opportunity to subscribe to our newsletters through those websites. If you elect to subscribe to one of our newsletters on a third party website, the operator of that website will provide us with the personal information you have provided in connection with the subscription request, which we may use in accordance with this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it directly to Weed Center. In Weed Center Message Boards, if you turn on the email notification for posts you have created or participated in, you’ll receive an email when there has been any activity on those posts. If you later decide you no longer want to receive email updates, you can turn it off by navigating to the Email Alerts section in your Message Board settings.
Market Research
From time to time, Weed Center may conduct online research surveys on behalf of itself and third parties through email invitations, pop-up surveys and online focus groups. When participating in a survey, we may require you to provide your location, age and if there’s a sweepstakes associated with the market research survey, your name and contact information for purposes of sweepstakes administration. The information you submit in a survey may be used by Weed Center for research and measurement purposes, as described below, including to measure the effectiveness of content, advertising or programs. The personal information you provide in connection with a sweepstakes entry will be used for the sole purpose of administering the sweepstakes and as required by applicable law. We will not knowingly invite individuals who are under the age of 21 to participate in market research surveys. Market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of Weed Center will contain a link to this Privacy Policy.
User Reviews, Weed Center Message Boards, and Other Public Forums
In connection with the use of some of our Services, users may be able to submit provider reviews. Weed Center also features several message board areas and other public forums where users can post reviews, share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer. We also may offer online discussions moderated by healthcare experts. Our reviews and comments features and our message boards are open to the public and should not be considered private.
Any information (including personal information) you share in any review, online message board, or other forum is by design open to the public and is not private. You should think carefully before posting any personal information in any public forum. What you post can be seen, disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we cannot control or predict, including to contact you for unauthorized purposes. As with any public forum on any site, the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines.
If you mistakenly post personal information in our message board areas and would like it removed, you can send us an email at info@MarijuanaBreak.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information.
Emails You Send to Weed Center
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information, content, business information, ideas, concepts or inventions that you send to Weed Center by email. If you want to keep content or business information, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not send them in an email to Weed Center.
Services and Device Information
When you access and use the Services, Weed Center automatically collects and stores in its server logs information from your browser or mobile device such as your IP address or unique device identifier, browser information (including referring URL), your preferences and settings, cookies and information about the content you have viewed and actions taken (e.g., search queries, ad engagement, clicks and the associated dates and times). Weed Center may also collect device-specific information including your device model, operating system information, advertising ID (which is a unique, user-resettable identification number for advertising associated with a mobile device) and usage information. When enabled by you, we collect precise location information provided by your mobile device, which you may disable through the device settings.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We and our partners use cookies to collect information about your use of the Services. “Cookies” are small data files assigned to your browser when you visit a Weed Center Site which enable recognition of your browser and collect and store information about your use of the Services, as described above. In addition to cookies, we and our partners use other tracking technologies that collect information about your use of the Services, including mobile identifiers and “web beacons” which are small graphic files (sometimes called “clear GIFs” or “web pixels”) embedded in a web page or email typically used to monitor activity and send relevant information back to a home server (which can belong to the host site, a network advertiser or some other third party). The information collected by such tracking technologies may be combined with other information that our partners have access to, including your name, email address and physical address, so that we can send you materials, either electronically or by direct mail, that may be of interest to you.
Our advertising service partners may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect information about your use of the Weed Center Sites, including content you have viewed. These third parties may use this information to help Weed Center deliver advertising on the Weed Center Sites and on other third party websites based on your browsing activity on the Weed Center Sites. Weed Center may further tailor the advertising on the Weed Center Sites and these other third party websites based on additional information to the extent known by Weed Center or these third parties. Two of the third parties that Weed Center works with are Google and Facebook. In addition to using the information it collects performing services for Weed Center, Google may also use such information as described in its privacy policy. To see how Google may use information collected through our use of the Google services on the Weed Center Sites visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.  While Facebook does not provide any personal information to Weed Center, Facebook may use information that it has about you and that it collects performing services for Weed Center (which may be associated with personal information that Facebook has about you) as described in its privacy policy available at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy.
We also work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our Weed Center Sites and on third party websites. Our ad network vendors use technologies to collect information about your activities on the Weed Center Sites to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising on our Weed Center Sites and on third party websites based upon your browsing activity and your interests.
For more information about our how cookies and other tracking technologies are used in connection with the Services, please read our Cookie Policy.
How Information Collected About You Is Used
Information about your use of the Services may be used for the following purposes:
to provide, improve and create new Services,
to respond to your inquiries and to send you administrative communications about the Weed Center Sites and Services,
to obtain your feedback about the Weed Center Sites and Services,
to send you secure electronic messages and personalized emails pertaining to your interests as inferred from your use of the Services, including news, announcements, reminders and opportunities from Weed Center,
to statistically analyze trends and user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the Weed Center Sites are visited, how the Services are being used and how many emails are received and opened,
to provide you and people with similar demographic characteristics and interests with more relevant content including advertising both on and off the Weed Center Sites,
to offer lead generation services,
to detect and defend against fraud and other threats to the Services and our users,
to identify issues with the Services,
to conduct research and measurement activities, including those described below, and
to administer your account.
In addition, Weed Center may use personal information about you for other purposes that are disclosed to you at the time we collect the information and/or with your consent.
Weed Center may combine your personal information and other information collected about your use of the Services, and also supplement with information from external sources for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, information that
Weed Center collects about you may be combined by Weed Center with other information available to Weed Center through third parties for research and measurement purposes, including measuring the effectiveness of content, advertising or programs. This information from other sources may include age, gender, demographic, geographic, personal interests, product purchase activity or other information. We may report aggregate information, which is not able to be identified back to an individual user of the Weed Center Sites, to our current or prospective advertisers and other business partners.
Sharing Your Information
Weed Center Subsidiaries and Corporate Affiliates
We may share your information with our subsidiaries, affiliates and companies acquired by or merged with us and our affiliates. In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy, Weed Center reserves the right to transfer your personal information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets. In the event of such a change, your personal information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless any changes to the Privacy Policy are made in accordance with the section below that discusses “Changes to This Privacy Policy.”
Companies and Contractors that Work with Weed Center
Weed Center works with third party companies and contractors that help us provide the Services and to otherwise assist in the operation of the Weed Center Sites, including those that provide services relating to technology, data analysis, research, email management and deployment, sweepstakes and contest administration, advertising and marketing and/or content. Weed Center contractors sometimes have limited access to your information in the course of providing products or services to Weed Center. We contractually require that our contractors not use or disclose your information for any purpose other than providing the limited service or function for Weed Center.
Third Party Advertisers and Third Party Websites
We may share information that we have about you, such as a cookie ID or IP address, with third party advertising service providers who may use this information, on our behalf, to help Weed Center deliver advertising on the Weed Center Sites as well as on third party websites, as further described in our Cookie Policy.
Certain content, services and advertisements offered to you through the Weed Center Sites are served on, or contain links to, websites hosted and operated by a company other than Weed Center (“Third Party Websites”). With the exception of advertising service providers, Weed Center does not share your personal information with these Third Party Websites without your consent, but you should be aware that any information you disclose to these Third Party Websites once you access these Third Party Websites is not subject to this Privacy Policy. Weed Center does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Websites. You should review the privacy policy posted on the Third Party Website to understand how that Third Party Website collects and uses your information. Weed Center makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave a Weed Center Site and enter a Third Party Website, either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the Weed Center Site before you visit the third party site. In addition, if you see a phrase such as “Powered by” or “in association with” followed by the name of a company other than Weed Center, then you are on a website hosted by a company other than Weed Center.  When you use a co-branded service (a service operated with a partner of Weed Center), or register or otherwise provide information on a co-branded site, where applicable, we may pass the collected information back to that partner, which may include third party service providers whose services are embedded into and/or appear within the Services.
We may also include social widgets on the Weed Center Sites which enable you to interact with the associated social media services, e.g., to share an article. These widgets may collect browsing data which may be received by the third party that provided the widget, and are controlled by these third parties. You may be able to manage your privacy preferences directly with the applicable social network platform.
Compliance with Law, Regulation, and Law Enforcement Requests
To cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with law, we may release personal information to third parties: (1) to comply with legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; (2) when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; or (3) in special cases, such as in response to a physical threat to you or others, to protect property or defend or assert legal rights. In addition, we may disclose personal information as described below.
How Your Information is Secured and Retained
We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your personal information. Despite Weed Center efforts to protect your personal information, there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted.
The security of your personal information is important to us.  When you enter personal information (including personal health information in various Services), we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections (Secure Socket Layer) technology.
We will retain your personal information as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services. At any time you can remove your personal information or instruct us to remove it, but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to Weed Center from our servers. See “Your Choices and Rights” below for more information on how you can update or remove your personal information. We will also retain your personal information as necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Your Choices and Rights
Updating/Removing Your Personal Information
If you do not want your personal information used by Weed Center as provided in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Weed Center Sites and Services.  You can correct, update or review personal information you have previously submitted by going back to the specific Service, logging-in and making the desired change. You can also update any personal information you have submitted by contacting us using the contact information listed below or by emailing us at info@marijuanabreak.com.
If you have registered and desire to delete any of your registration information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us by email at info@MarijuanaBreak.com.
Upon your request, we will delete your registration information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media. You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to the Weed Center Sites from our servers.
When you sign up to receive email communications for any of our Services, including our email newsletters, or at any time, you can choose to opt out of receiving additional newsletters or other email communications from Weed Center or our advertisers or sponsors.
You can unsubscribe from an email newsletter by:
Following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter and using the “Unsubscribe” link found in the emails.
Emailing info@marijuanabreak.com.
All promotional emails that Weed Center sends with opportunities from Weed Center or with offers or informational materials from Weed Center on behalf of our sponsors will contain an opportunity to unsubscribe from getting additional emails of that type in the future from Weed Center unless you re-subscribe.
Cookies
Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the “Help” or “Settings” or “Preferences” section of your browser’s toolbar.  Refer to our Cookie Policy for additional information about opting out of Cookies.
California Residents
FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA ONLY. Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code requires select businesses to disclose policies relating to the sharing of certain categories of your personal information with third parties. If you reside in California and have provided your personal information to us, you may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. You can submit such request by sending an email to us at info@marijuanabreak.com.
Children
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. The Weed Center Sites are not designed or intended to attract anyone under the age of 21 and should not be used by anyone not 21 years of age.
Note to Users Outside of the United States
Weed Center and our technical infrastructure are located in the United States.  The personal information that you provide to us may be stored on servers located in the United States. If you are located in another jurisdiction, you should be aware that in order to provide the Services to you, we may have to transfer your personal information to the United States where it will be stored and processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may transfer your information outside the United States to service providers with operations in other countries. By using the Services, you consent to such collection, storage and processing in the United States and elsewhere, though the United States and other jurisdictions may not afford the same level of data protection as considered adequate in your own country. We will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information. Note that your personal information may be available to the United States government or its agencies under legal process made in the United States.
Additional Information for WeedCenter.org Visitors from the European Economic Area (“EEA”)
When you use the Services, we collect, store, use and otherwise process your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. We rely on a number of legal bases to process your information, including where: (i) necessary for our legitimate interests in providing and improving the Services including offering you content and advertising that may be of interest to you; (ii) necessary for our legitimate interest in keeping the Services, and Sites safe and secure; (iii) necessary for the legitimate interests of our service providers and partners; (iv) necessary to perform our contractual obligations in the Weed Center Terms of Use; (v) you have consented to the processing, which you can revoke at any time (however a revocation does not affect the lawfulness of processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the date of revocation); (vi) you have expressly made the information public, e.g., in a Weed Center message board or other public forums; (vii) necessary to comply with a legal obligation such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order or to exercise or defend legal claims; and (viii) necessary to protect your vital interests, or those of others.
If you are a Weed Center user in the EEA, you can: (i) access personal information we have about you (we will try to provide information within 30 days of your request); (ii) have your personal information corrected or deleted (in most cases you can correct personal information you have submitted to us by going back to the specific Service, logging-in and making the desired change); (iii) in certain circumstances, you can object to our processing of your personal information and we will discontinue such processing unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue; (iv) withdraw consent previously provided (however a withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the date of withdrawal); or (v) if you believe that we have not complied with applicable data protection laws, you may lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority. If you wish to inquire as to whether we maintain any of your personal information and if so, whether you wish to exercise any of those rights that are available to you with respect to such personal information, you may contact us as at info@marijuanabreak.com.
We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Where we process your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you can opt-out through the unsubscribe link in the email communications we send to you, or as otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy.
We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the Services to you and fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. This is also the case for third parties within whom we share your information to perform services on our behalf.  When we no longer need to use your personal information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we will either remove it from our systems or anonymize it.  If you have registered with Weed Center and you no longer want us to use your registration information to provide the Services to you, you may close your account.
Contacting Weed Center About Your Personal Information or Privacy
Please send us an email to us at info@weedcenter.org if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the personal information we maintain about you. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Weed Center users from the EEA may also contact our Data Protection Officer at info@weedcenter.org
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy and any of our Services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy we will notify you by means of a notice on the Weed Center Sites and/or by email to our registered users (sent to the email address specified when you register) prior to the change becoming effective. By continuing to use the Services after changes are made to this Privacy Policy, you agree to such changes.  We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for the latest information on our privacy practices. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, we ask that you do not register with us and that you do not use the Weed Center Sites. Please exit the Weed Center Sites immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.