https://www.colchester-zoo.com/cookie-policy/
Book Tickets
Discover
View All
Bringing The Zoo To You
Colchester Zoo App
Audio Encounters
Our Animals
Play Areas
Lost Madagascar Train
Face Painting Station
Interactive Area
Dining
The Outpost
Plan Your Visit
View All
Book Tickets
Information & FAQs
Opening Times
Zoo Map
Zoo Passes
Encounters
Accessibility
Where to Stay
Getting Here
Schools & Groups
What’s On
View All
News
Events
Experiences
View All
Exclusive Elephant or Giraffe Feeding
Keeper for the Day
Keeper Shadowing
Birthday Parties
Kids Zoo Academy
Team Building
Perfect Moments
EXTRA-Ordinary Experience
Hen Parties
Experience Gift Vouchers
Our Mission
View All
Support Us
Animal Adoptions
Conservation at The Zoo
Action For The Wild
UmPhafa Reserve
Corporate Opportunities
Research
Enclosure Design
Environmental Enrichment
About
Support Us
Gift Vouchers
Adoption
Careers
Education
Press & Media
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
Quick Links
Info & FAQs
Safe Visits
Online Shop
Support Us
Colchester Zoo Ltd(“We”, “Our”, “Us”)
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR USE OF COOKIES
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website. By continuing to browse the website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer\’s hard drive. We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.
Changes to our cookie policy
Any changes we may make to our cookie policy in the future will be posted on this page.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Colchester Zoo, Maldon Road, Stanway, Colchester, Essex, CO3 0SL.
Newsletter Signup
Sign up to our newsletter for all the latest deals, news and more!
Subscribe To Our Newsletter
Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience and analyse our website traffic. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website however you can opt-out if you wish. You can change your mind about your consent choices at any time by returning to this site. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.