https://www.agenarisk.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICYEND USER PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY
Welcome to our Privacy Policy. This explains what we do with the personal information that you give us through this website “Site”. If at any time you have a question about anything contained in this Privacy Policy or a general query on privacy, please contact us at:
Agena Limited
11 Main Street
Caldecote
Cambridge
CB23 7NU
United Kingdom
Tel: + 44 (0) 1223 263880
Email: support@agenarisk.com
Consent
Your purchase of AgenaRisk or downloading the 14-day free trial version of AgenaRisk signifies your consent to us collecting and using personal information about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Should we choose to change our Privacy Policy for any reason, the changes will be posted here, so that you are always kept informed of how we collect and use your personal information, and when we may disclose it.
Cookies
Cookies are small files of information which are stored on your computer. Web sites you visit ask your computer to store this information and retrieve the information from your computer so that they can keep track of things like other web sites you visit or how you navigate our website or other files which provide you with the Site. For more information about what cookies are and how they work, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
On revisiting our website or in using the files, our computer server will recognise the cookie and give us information about your use of the Site. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but usually you can alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance. If you choose not to receive cookies, you may still use the Site but you may find that the Site may not function properly or is slower than when you allow a cookie to be installed on your machine.
How we look after your information
We make sure that all the information we hold on you is as safe as possible. In addition, we have strict security procedures covering the storage and disclosure of your information in order to prevent unauthorised access and to comply with the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and General Data Protection Regulation. This means that sometimes we may ask you for proof of identity before disclosing any personal information to you.
What do we do with your information?
We use your information:
To process AgenaRisk orders you make from our Site, including downloading the 14-day free trial version of AgenaRisk.
To contact you to renew your annual AgenaRisk licence(s).
To contact you from time to time to let you know about our software and services, which may include emailing you newsletters and news on events that you may be interested in. You can elect not to receive such marketing material at any time by writing to info@agenarisk.com.
To verify that you have a valid software licence for AgenaRisk.
Do we give information that you provide us with to other people?
Here at Agena we take your privacy seriously and we will not share your personal information with third parties.
Credit and Debit Cards
We do not store your credit card and debit card details.
How to contact us
If you ever want to change any information you have provided to us or want to access the information we hold on you, please contact us at the address above. Alternatively phone us or send an email to support@agenarisk.com