http://www.tanb.org/view/data-protection-policy
Member log in
Forgotten your password?
Membership information
Home
About the T.I.C.
History of the T.I.C.
Annual Reports
Antitrust Compliance Policy
Data Protection Policy
Our work
Anders Gustaf Ekeberg Tantalum Prize
Ask an expert
F.A.Q.
REACH (EU)
Supply chain due diligence and responsible sourcing
Conflict Affected and High-Risk Areas (CAHRAs)
The ITSCI Program
EU regulation
Statistics
Tarantula project
Transport of Naturally Occurring Radioactive Materials (NORM)
Our members
Member list
Member products and capabilities
How to apply for membership
Tantalum (Ta)
Early history
Typical market specifications
Valuation basis
Production of raw materials
Processing: extraction and refining
Applications for tantalum
Superalloys
Harmonised system commodity codes
Gallery of tantalum
Further information
Niobium (Nb)
Early history
Typical market specifications
Production of raw materials
Processing: extraction and refining
Valuation basis
Applications for niobium
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)
Superalloys
Harmonised system commodity codes
Gallery of niobium
Further information
General Assemblies
61st General Assembly (virtual)
60th General Assembly
59th General Assembly
58th General Assembly
57th General Assembly
Prize
Ekeberg Prize 2020 - winner
Shortlist 2020
Who was Anders G. Ekeberg?
Panel of experts
Ekeberg Prize 2019 - Winner
Shortlist 2019
Ekeberg Prize 2018 - Winner
Shortlist 2018
How to submit a publication
Media
The Bulletin newsletter
The Bulletin 2015 - 2020
The Bulletin 2005 - 2014
The Bulletin 1995 - 2004
The Bulletin 1985 - 1994
The Bulletin 1975 - 1984
Bulletin Review 2020
News
Press releases
Contact us
Data Protection Policy
I. INTRODUCTION
The T.I.C. is committed to protecting your privacy. This policy describes the types of personal data the T.I.C. (“we,” “our,” or “us”) collects from you (e.g. booking forms, membership applications) or that you provide when you visit the website https://www.tanb.org (“our website”), the purposes for which we collect that personal data, the other parties with whom we may share it and the measures we take to protect the security of the data. It also informs you about your rights and choices with respect to your personal data, and how you can contact us about our data protection practices. Please read this policy carefully. If any term in this policy is unacceptable to you, please do not provide any personal data or use our website. This policy may change from time to time (see “Revisions to our Data Protection Policy”).
II. PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
“Personal data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We collect personal data such as your name, email address, telephone number, job function, current member status. We also collect personal data about your internet connection and the equipment you use to access our website. As you navigate through the website, we automatically collect personal data such as your usage details, IP address, and personal data collected through cookies.
Personal data you give to us. The personal data we collect, either through our website or otherwise includes:
Personal data that you provide by completing our membership application form such as your title, name, function, phone number, fax number, email address, physical address.
Member contact details as displayed on our website.
Event registration information, when you register for one of our events.
Personal data you provide when we process and respond to your inquiries on T.I.C. related matters.
Personal data we collect about you. As with many other websites, as you navigate through and interact with our website, we use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain personal data about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our website, including resources that you access and use on our website, traffic data, location data, logs, language, date and time of access, frequency, and other communication data.
Personal data about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, host domain, and browser type.
Details of referring websites (URL).
The personal data we collect automatically is statistical data that helps us improve our website and deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Determine website traffic patterns.
Count web visits.
Determine traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
Help us to know which pages and content are the most and least popular.
Observe site search patterns to provide more intuitive navigation cues.
Determine user frequency and time between user visits.
Cookies used on the T.I.C. website. Our website uses single-session (temporary) and multi-session (persistent) cookies. Temporary cookies last only as long as your web browser is open and are used for technical purposes such as enabling better navigation on our website. Once you close your browser, the cookie disappears. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods and are used for purposes including tracking the number of unique visitors to our site and personal data such as the number of views a page gets, how much time a user spends on a page, and other pertinent web statistics. This personal data identifies your browser to our servers when you visit the website. If you want to disable the use of cookies or remove them at any time from your computer, you can disable or delete them using your browser (consult your browser's "Help" menu to learn how to delete cookies). Below you will find examples of cookies we use on our website:
Name
Purpose
Duration
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website
2 years*
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
1 day
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website
1 day
_jsuid
This cookie sets a random identification number for the visitor. This information can be used to identify
the visitor when re-entering the website and use any user preference to optimize the visitor's experience on the website.
10 years*
cluid
Registers statistical data on visitors' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website
operator.
20 years*
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across
devices and marketing channels.
session
first_pageview
This cookie is used to make the tracking more efficient for the website – the cookie sets cookies or trackers to only run on the initial page of a web site, which makes the tracking process more efficient for the website.
1 day
1P_JAR
Collects information on visitor behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used on the website, in order to optimize the relevance of advertisements.
29 days
CONSENT
Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website.
6771 days*
NID
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted advertisements.
6 months
no_tracky_100943177
Unclassified
1 day
PHPSESSID
Preserves user session state across page requests.
Session
* Note that since this policy was approved in October 2019 all cookie durations have been capped at 1 year (365 days).
III. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We only process your Personal Data for specific, explicit and legitimate purposes. We will not use your Personal Data for any purpose that is incompatible with the original purpose for which it was collected unless you provide your prior explicit consent for such further use. The following table provides an overview of the purposes for which we process your Personal Data and the legal bases we rely on:
Purpose of the processing
Legal basis
Create and manage your participation in T.I.C. events.
Consent.
Process and answer your queries, complaints, or any other requests you submit to us.
Management of your subscription for mailings on events, newsflashes, newsletters, and surveys.
Create, edit and publish a directory of T.I.C. members on our website and in our Annual Review.
(i) Performance of a contract,
(ii) in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, and/or
(iii) our legitimate interests in managing our public and communication relations and providing information about our products and services
Consent.
Create membership statistics for internal purposes to improve our products and services.
Our legitimate interests in improving our campaigns and services and tailoring our products and services.
IV. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Subject to applicable law and regulations, we share personal data that we collect or you provide us with:
Service providers acting on our behalf for the purposes listed above in this policy. We require these service providers by contract to only process personal data in accordance with our instructions and as necessary to perform the services on our behalf or in compliance with applicable law (e.g., invitation mailing and newsletter distribution providers, invoicing, providing advertisements in our newsletter and website, website administration services).
Public institutions, to process corporate documents.
Co-organizers, security services in the context of organizing events.
V. DATA RETENTION
Unless otherwise required by law, the T.I.C. will also erase personal data when it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed unless statutory retention periods apply, such as for example 7 years for bookkeeping laws, when you withdraw your consent (where lawfulness of processing was based on your consent) and there is no other legal ground for the processing; when you object to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing; when your personal data has been unlawfully processed; and when it is necessary to comply with legal obligations.
VI. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We will only transfer your Personal Data to countries which have an adequate level of data protection as per the European Commission’s adequacy decisions, including the EU – U.S. Privacy Shield.
VII. YOUR RIGHTS WITH REGARD TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA
You have certain rights regarding the personal data we maintain about you and certain choices about what personal data we collect from you, how we use it, and how we communicate with you.
The right to request access to and receive information about the personal data we maintain about you.
The right to rectification or erasure of your personal data.
The right to restrict or to object to processing concerning your personal data.
Where personal data processing is based on your consent, the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can tell us not to send you any further emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the emails you receive from us or by contacting us as indicated below.
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
VIII. DATA SECURITY
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Personal data provided to us in accordance with this policy will be encrypted in transit.
IX. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
Our website may contain links or references to other websites outside of our control. Please be aware that this policy does not apply to these websites. The T.I.C. encourages you to read the data protection statements and terms and conditions of linked or referenced websites you enter. These third-party websites may send their own cookies and other tracking devices to you, log your IP address, and otherwise collect data or solicit personal data.
X. REVISIONS TO OUR DATA PROTECTION POLICY
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. Any changes we make will be posted on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat your personal data, we will notify you through a notice on our website home page via a separate banner related to this Data Protection Policy. The date this policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
XI. DATA CONTROLLER & HOW TO CONTACT US
The data controller for the purposes of this data protection policy is the T.I.C., with the following address: T.I.C., Chaussée de Louvain 490,1380 Lasne, Belgium
Should you have any questions about this policy and our data protection practices or if you would like to submit a request to exercise your data protection rights, please contact us at info@tanb.org or tel: +32.2.649.51.58 (T.I.C. office).
Latest News
T.I.C. publishes an open letter
Read More
2020 Annual Review published
Read More
Bulletin #183 published
Read More
Ekeberg Prize 2020: winner announced
Read More
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. By clicking any link on this page you are giving your consent for us to set cookies.
Accept
Read More