https://www.bioinfor.com/privacypolicy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Effective: May 24th, 2018
Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. (Waterloo, Ontario, Canada) in its role as data controller appreciates your visit on our website and is grateful for your interest in our company, our products and our services. The protection of your privacy and personal data is an important matter for us. To ensure a high level of transparency and security, our privacy statement as set forth below will inform you about the nature, scope and purpose of any collection, use and processing of personal data recorded by us.
1. External Links
Our website also references and includes links to third-party websites. As a rule, these are identified by stating the respective third-party Internet address or the company/product logo. Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. has no influence whatsoever on the contents and design of websites of other providers. By referencing/linking these external websites we do not adopt their contents as our own.
2. Cookies
Information about our usage of cookies, especially for marketing purposes, can be found in our Cookie Policy.
3. Categories of Personal Data that we process
Personal data refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. processes the following personal data, if you actively provide this information to us:
First name, last name, email address, country, job title, phone number, fax number, company name, used products of Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. and additional information that you provide when contacting us using our websites, especially information provided in free text fields of contact forms (“contact data”);Additional data that you provide to Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. in comments on the Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. websites, especially in forms of discussion boards and using the comment features of blogs (“comment data”);Additional data that you provide to Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. while applying for a job, e.g. your CV, certificates, attestations, etc. (“job application data”);Email address, phone number, name, company name and country provided when subscribing to a newsletter or other marketing information of Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. (“direct marketing data”) (see section 7).Besides that we also process the following personal data, which is passively collected:Your IP address, information about the amount of data transferred, stored in access log files (“usage data”).
4. Purposes and Lawfulness of the Data Processing
Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. collects, processes, and uses your personal data to the extent required to fulfil the respective purposes.The purposes for processing your contact data, comment data and job application data are: Providing services that you make use of using the Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. websites. These are amongst others: downloads, discussion boards, job applications, individual requests (e.g. using a contact form), blogs, and the registration for, trials, courses or other offerings of Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. The lawfulness for the data processing is the performance of a contract or steps prior to entering into a contract. Using this personal data is required to provide the contractual obligations. Without this personal data you would not be able to receive the services offered by Bioinformatics Solutions Inc.In so far that you have given the consent, Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. will also use your personal data for marketing purposes, e.g. to send newsletters (see section 7). The lawfulness for processing this data is our legitimate interest, e.g. to improve our services, or your consent.In so far that you have given the consent, we will also use your browser data for market research to improve our websites and services and user experience. The lawfulness for processing this data is your consent or our legitimate interest.In so far that you have given the consent, we will also collect your usage data for statistical purposes, for the analysis of advertisement on our websites, and for adapting the advertisement for our products and services to better match your interests. Log files are only used for statistical analysis of the visitors of the Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. websites. The data is deleted after having been analysed. The lawfulness for processing this data for statistical purposes is our legitimate interest, e.g. internal organisation, or your consent.Providing the direct marketing data and browser data is optional. If you do not provide this data, you will not receive any direct marketing information from us and your data will not be used to improve your user experience and will not be used for statistical purposes.We will also use your usage data for internal system-specific purposes to secure the websites and IT systems from malicious attacks by third parties. The lawfulness is a balancing of interests of the conflicting interests of the security of the IT systems on our part and your potentially conflicting interests in a non-processing of the usage data by us. Taking into account the security and organisational measures of the processing of the usage data by Bioinformatics Solutions Inc, we consider your rights and interests appropriately taken into account and protected.Beyond these purposes, we use and process your data only if you have expressly granted your prior consent thereto and if you have been informed about such purposes. For example, you may stipulate in an online job application whether we may also review such application with respect to other positions in our company. Only if this is the case, we will use such data for the respective purpose.In particular, Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. does not use your personal data for automated individual decisions and profiling.
5. Data recipients
Your personal data will be processed by persons of Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. in the respective departments who need to know the personal data.
Contact data: any departments that might be involved to process your requestComment data: marketing or the respective product departments that are responsible for operating the technical support, blogs or discussion boardsJob application data: HR and the departments that are responsible for the job position that you apply toDirect marketing data: marketing and sales departments responsible for your regionBrowser data and usage data: marketing and the IT departments that are responsible for operating the respective website Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. has contracted external data processing service providers to collect, process, or use personal data on behalf and according to the instructions of Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. Such service providers support Bioinformatics Solutions Inc., especially relating to hosting and operating the websites, marketing purposes, statistical analysis, improving the websites and sending our email newsletters. If these external companies have access to personal data, respective data processing agreements are in place.These service providers may be located outside the European Union or the European Economic Area (see section 6).Beyond that, we do not forward your data to other third parties, unless we are obliged to do so by virtue of statutory provisions or order of any judicial or other public authorities or you have explicitly given your consent for that purpose. In particular, your personal data will not be sold, leased or exchanged.
6. Data Transfers to Third Countries
As a Canadian Company, the recipients of your personal data might be located outside the European Union or the European Economic Area and therefore might not have a data protection equivalent to EU data protection law.
Unless there is an adequacy decision by the EU Commission for these states or the transfer is based on an exemption provided for by the GDPR (e.g. express consent, assertion, exercise or defence of legal rights), we take all necessary measures to ensure that transfers to such organisations are adequately protected, e.g. by signing the standard contractual clauses stipulated by the EU Commission with the data recipients. You may request a copy of these reasonable warranties by contacting our Data Protection Department at: info (at) bioinfor.comA transfer of data to official authorities in countries outside the European Union or the European Economic Area (so-called third countries) takes place, if required by law, you have given us your express consent or this is legitimated by the legitimate interest of us or the third party for data protection purposes, e.g. internal administrative purposes and no higher legitimate interests on your part.
7. Information sent by Email
Provided that you have given Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. your email address for communication or direct marketing purposes and consented to the receipt of advertising and newsletters, we will process this personal data in order to communicate with you on the basis of your interests or to send you advertising. The legal basis for the processing of personal data for direct marketing purposes is your consent or our legitimate interest in direct mail communication. You can revoke your consent at any time and object to processing for direct marketing purposes at any time (see section 11).Providing your email address or telephone number for direct marketing purposes is voluntary. If you do not provide these to us, you will not receive any advertising from us.
8. Data Protection for Minors
The offers and services on this website are not directed at children. We therefore assume that we will not become aware of any personal data pertaining to children.
9. Technical and Organisational Data Protection
Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. implements the technical and organisational measures that are commercially reasonable in relation to the respective purpose of data protection, in order to protect the information provided by you against abuse and loss. Such data is stored in a secure operating environment that is not accessible to the public. In addition, each of our employees is instructed on data protection and obliged to enter into a confidentiality agreement.
10. Retention Periods
Your personal data will be kept by us as long as necessary to provide you with the requested service. If Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. no longer needs your personal data to comply with contractual or legal obligations, they will be deleted from our systems or anonymised accordingly, so that identification is not possible, unless Bioinformatics Solutions Inc. has to keep the information, including your personal data, to comply with legal or regulatory obligations (e.g. statutory retention periods which may arise from the commercial laws or tax laws and may in principle be 6 to 10 years or, if during the statutory limitation periods, which are regularly 3 years, but may be up to 30 years, evidence must be secured).
11. Data Subject Rights
Under applicable law, you have the right under certain circumstances to
request information about your stored personal data,rectification of your personal data,restriction of processing of your personal data,deletion of your personal data,data portability,revocation of your consent for processing of your personal data andobject to the processing of your personal data. Further information on the individual rights can be found in Annex 1 to this Privacy Statement.
You also have the right to file a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority.
ANNEX 1: DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
Under applicable law, you have the right under certain circumstances to
request information about your stored personal data,rectification of your personal data,restriction of processing of your personal data,deletion of your personal data,data portability,revocation of your consent for processing of your personal data andobject to the processing of your personal data. In Detail this is:Right to information: You may have the right to ask us for confirmation of the processing of your personal data in question and, if so, of your right to information about such personal data. The right to information includes, among other things, the processing purposes, the categories of personal data being processed and the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data is disclosed. You may also have the right to receive a copy of the personal data that is the subject of the processing. However, this right is not unrestricted, as the rights of others may limit your right to receive a copy.Right to rectification: You may be entitled to request the correction of incorrect personal data concerning you. In consideration of the purposes of processing, you have the right to request the completion of incomplete personal data, including by means of a supplementary statement.Right to erasure (“Right to be forgotten”): Under certain conditions, you have the right to ask us to delete your personal data and to delete personal data.Right to restriction of processing: Under certain circumstances, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data. In this case, the corresponding data will be marked and processed by us only for specific purposes.Right to data portability: Under certain circumstances, you have the right to receive the Personal Data relating to you that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you have the right to transfer that data to another person without obstruction by us.Right to revocation of consent: If you have given your consent for some data processing activities, you may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. Such revocation shall not affect the lawfulness of the processing on the basis of the consent until the revocation.Right to objectFor reasons arising from your particular situation, you have the right to object to the processing of personal data relating to you on the basis of Art. 6(1f) GDPR (data processing based on legitimate interests). If you object, we will no longer process your personal data unless we can establish compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the purposes of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims.
Please direct any questions, comments, or complaints regarding this privacy policy to our Data Protection Officer:
Bioinformatics Solutions Inc.Data Protection Officer204-470 Weber St NWaterloo ON N2L 6J2CanadaEmail: info@bioinfor.com
SocialsFacebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Blogger
YouTube
SolutionsWhat to Select
PEAKS Studio
PEAKS Online
PEAKS CMD
PEAKS AB Software
HelpOnline Training
Workshops
FAQ
User Manuals
Contact Us
ContactBioinformatics Solutions Inc.
204-470 Weber St N, Waterloo, ON N2L 6J2, Canada
Phone: +1-855-885-8288
Office Hours: 9 am – 5 pm Eastern Time
Privacy Policy