http://www.amazonconservation.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Amazon Conservation Association is concerned about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through websites operated by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy (the “Websites”), through our social media pages that we control from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy (the “Social Media Pages”), and through HTML-formatted email messages that we send to you that link to this Privacy (collectively, the “Services”). By providing Personal Information to us or using the Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information We May Collect
“Personal Information” is any information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person, including:
Name
Postal address
Telephone number
Email address
Credit and debit card number
Country of legal residence
IP address
Social media accounts
Please note that we may use a third-party payment service to process donations made through the Services. If you wish to make a donation through the Services, your Personal Information may be collected by such third party and not by us and will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, this third party’s collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information.
How We May Use Personal Information
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to send you newsletters, donation receipts, and requests for information.
To send administrative information to you, such as information regarding the Services and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To complete and process your donation and provide you with related customer service.
To provide our marketing and communications materials via email, social media, and postal mail.
To share fundraising appeals through online and offline channels with you.
To allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules, which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information, so we suggest that you read these rules carefully.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products and services, enhancing, improving or modifying our Services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our nonprofit or other activities.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of 2 our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
How Personal Information May Be Disclosed
To our affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
To our third party service providers who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing and other similar services.
Publicly, when you make a donation, unless you specifically request that we not publicly To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
OTHER INFORMATION
Other Information We May Collect
“Other Information” is information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual, such as:
Browser and device information
Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies
Demographic information and other information provided by you
Aggregated information
How We May Collect Other Information
We and our third-party service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through your browser or device: Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your devices, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer
type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language and Internet browser type and version. We use this information to ensure that the Services function properly.
Using cookies: Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer that you are using. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Services, pages visited and anonymous traffic data. We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively and to personalize your experience while using the Services. We also use the information to continually improve the design and functionality of the Services, to understand how they are used and to assist us with resolving questions about them. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site. You may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/managecookies/index.html. If, however, you do not accept these cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Services. For example, we may not be able to recognize your computer and you may need to log in every time you visit.We may use third-party services, such as Google Analytics, in connection with the Services. Such services may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and to report on activities and trends. They may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. For information regarding Google Analytics, go to http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies: Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used in connection with some Services to, among other things, track the actions
of users (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about use of the Services and response rates.
IP Address: Your IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider. An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Services, along with the time of the visit and the pages visited. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels of the Services, helping diagnose server problems, and administering the Services.
From you: Information such as your preferred means of communication is collected when you voluntarily provide it.
By aggregating information: Aggregated Personal Information does not personally identify you or any other user of the Services. For example, we may aggregate Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular postal code.
How We May Use and Disclose Other Information
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information.
We may combine Other Information with Personal Information. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Services link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
SECURITY
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.
CHOICES AND ACCESS
Your choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information
We give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information for marketing purposes. You may opt-out from:
Receiving marketing emails from us: If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us, including our quarterly newsletter, you may opt-out by following the instructions
contained in each such email.
Our sharing of your Personal Information with affiliates for their direct marketing purposes: If you would prefer that we not share your Personal Information on a going-forward
basis with our affiliates for their direct marketing purposes, you may opt-out of this sharing by: We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt-out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt-out.
How you can access, change or suppress your Personal Information
If you would like to review, correct, update, suppress, or delete Personal Information that you have provided us, you may contact us at info@amazonconservation.org or:
Amazon Conservation Association
1012 14th Street NW, Suite 625
Washington, DC 20005
If you write to our postal address, please include your email address in your request. In your request, please also make clear what Personal Information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your Personal Information suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Information. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any donation transaction that you began prior to requesting such change or deletion. There may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed.
USE OF SERVICES BY MINORS
The Services are not directed to individuals under the age of eighteen (18), and we request that these individuals not provide Personal Information through the Services.
CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER
The Services are controlled and operated by us from the United States, and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country.
SENSITIVE INFORMATION
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Services or otherwise to us.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy. The “LAST UPDATED” legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services. Your use of the Services following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@amazonconservation.org
or:
Amazon Conservation Association
1012 14th Street NW, Suite 625
Washington, DC 20005
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
Donor Privacy Policy
Amazon Conservation is also committed to upholding the highest level of privacy of our donors and contributors. We never share, sell, trade, or rent personal information of our donors. Unless indicated by the donor, gifts to Amazon Conservation will be publicly acknowledged as a way to encourage more support for conservation and to recognize donors’ significant contributions.
Read our full Donor Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Our Donors
Amazon Conservation does not share, sell, trade, or rent our donors’ personal information with any other entity, unless specifically requested to do so by the donor. We also never send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations.
This policy applies to all information received by Amazon Conservation, both online and offline, on any Platform (‘Platform’, includes the Amazon Conservation website, social media sites, and mobile applications), as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications. Examples of personal information include:
Name
Postal address
Telephone number
Email address
Credit and debit card number
Country of legal residence
Social media accounts
To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation and will not be shared with others for their own commercial purposes. The privacy of information that is provided by a donor through a third-party service provider is governed by such service provider’s privacy policies. Amazon Conservation does not store donor credit card or online payment information. We also never store donor passwords related to third-party donation services that require a login to process recurring donations.
Amazon Conservation publicly acknowledges donors in some printed and electronic materials (such as on its annual reports and on its Changemakers page on this website) as a way to encourage more support for conservation and to recognize donors’ significant contributions. No individual donation amount is published; however, a donor may appear at a certain giving level to show their support. A donation to Amazon Conservation signifies a donor’s comfort with their names being shared publicly unless otherwise specified by the donor. Donors can always request their support to be made anonymously, to not be included in our materials, or to be removed from any past, current, and future materials.
Amazon Conservation abides by the industry-recognized Donor’s Bill of Rights, created by the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP), the Association for Healthcare Philanthropy (AHP), the Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE), and the Giving Institute: Leading Consultants to Non-Profits.
For any questions about Amazon Conservation’s donor privacy policy, please contact Ana Folhadella, Communications and Development Manager, at afolhadella@amazonconservation.org or 202-234-2356.
Updated April 1st, 2020
Help keep the Amazon wild.
Become a Wildkeeper
Donate
Explore Our Ecolodges
Follow us @AmazonConservation on Instagram
Loading...
1012 14th Street NW · Suite 625 · Washington DC 20005 · USA
202-234-2356
/
info@amazonconservation.org
The Amazon is essential for our survival, help us protect it:
Donate
Subscribe
© 2020 Amazon Conservation Association. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use