https://www.setra.com/privacy-policy
Setra's Operational Status - COVID-19 >>
ABOUT
SERVICE & CAL
FAQs
CONTACT
Markets
Products
OEM Solutions
Blog
Order Online
Pressure Sensors
Differential Pressure Sensors
Absolute Pressure Sensors
Barometric Pressure Sensors
Compound Pressure Sensors
Gauge Pressure Sensors
Submersible Pressure Sensors
Vacuum Pressure Sensors
UHP Pressure Sensors
Room Pressure Monitors
Environmental Monitor/Sensors
Power Meters & Accessories
Humidity/Temp Sensors
Pressure Calibrator
Particle Counters
Environmental Monitoring Software
Dolan-Jenner Fiber Optics
Building Automation
Calibration
Energy Management
HVAC/R OEM
HVAC/R
Critical Environments
Semiconductor Manufacturing
Data Centers
Fiber Optics
Scales
General Industrial
Alternative Fuels
Barometric
Data Centers
General Industrial OEM
HVAC/R OEM
Medical
Off-Highway Vehicles
Oil & Gas
Process / MFG Tank Level
Test & Measurement
Water & Wastewater
Privacy Notice
Updated: May 23, 2018
Setra Systems takes the privacy and data of our website visitors and customers very seriously. Setra is committed to maintaining customer privacy and maintaining the security of any personal data which we receive from our customers. Setra has created this privacy policy to be completely transparent about how we collect and process data. If you have questions regarding our privacy policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Setra Systems reserves the right to make changes to this policy at any time. Changes made to our privacy policy will be made public on this page.
SETRA SYSTEMS PRIVACY NOTICE
Who are we?
We are Setra Systems of 159 Swanson Road Boxborough, MA 01719, orders@setra.com, 800-257-3872 (“Setra”).
We provide premium sensing products to customers.
We use your information as further explained in this Privacy Notice.
Our website links to other websites, which will have their own privacy notices and terms.
What does this Privacy Notice cover?
We at Setra take your personal data seriously. This policy:
·         sets out the types of personal data that we collect about you;
·         explains how and why we collect and use your personal data;
·         explains how long we keep your personal data for;
·         explains when, why and with who we will share your personal data;
·         sets out the legal basis we have for using your personal data;
·         explains the effect of refusing to provide the personal data requested;
·         explains where we store your personal data and whether we transfer your data outside of the European Economic Area;
·         explains the different rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal data; and
·         explains how you can contact us.
What personal data do we collect about you?
We will collect certain personal information about you in the course of your relationship with us.
This information includes your name, contact details, and other potentially personally identifiable information, as allowed.
We may also collect sensitive personal data about you. We only collect this sensitive personal data from you, and further process this data, where you have given your explicit consent.
In certain circumstances (eg. Visits to our office), we are required to collect information to put into our visual compliance check. This information includes your name, company, country of origin. We do require a photo ID to enter our office location for security purposes. For international visitors and foreign nationals, additional personal information is required.
Where do we collect personal data about you from?
We may collect personal data about you from the following sources:
·         Directly from you. This is information you provide to us over the phone, in person, by email, through forms on our website, or other communication methods.
·         From an agent/third party acting on your behalf. [e.g. from one of our recruitment agencies]
·         Through publicly available sources. We use the following public sources:
o    LinkedIn
o    Company websites
o    Marketing intelligence platforms
·         Interactions with our website and website data collection programs.
How and why do we use your personal data?
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
·         To contact you to discuss the services or products you receive from us (and any changes to them)
·         To respond to any questions or concerns you have raised
·         To deal with administrative matters such as invoicing and renewal
·         To otherwise carry out our obligations arising under our contract with your and to enforce the same
·         To carry out anti-money laundering checks
·         To verify your identity
·         To carry our standard marketing activities
·         To comply with Visual Compliance requirements
We will not use your information for any other purposes unless we are required to do so by law.
How long do we keep your personal data?
How long we keep your information will depend on the purpose for which we use it.
We only keep your information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice and to fulfil our legal obligations.  We have internal rules that set out how long we retain information.
Reasonable requests to receive the personal information we have collected about you, or to have this information scrubbed from our systems may be made through the general contact us form on our website or by phone.
Who do we share your personal data with?
We share your personal information with third parties who perform functions on our behalf and who also provide services to us, such as professional advisors, IT consultants carrying out testing and development work on our business technology systems, research and mailing houses, visual compliance checking services, and function co-ordinators.
We share your personal information with our other Fortive Group companies for internal reasons, primarily for business and operational purposes. As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or merges with us your personal information will be disclosed to such entity.
If any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information will be considered an asset of ours and as such it is possible they will be sold or transferred to third parties
Where required we share your personal information with third parties to comply with a legal obligation; when we believe in good faith that an applicable law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to detect and protect against fraud, or any technical or security vulnerabilities; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, visitors to our website, our business or the public.
These third parties comply with similar and equally stringent undertakings of privacy and confidentiality.
No [other] third parties have access to your information unless we specifically say so in this Privacy Notice, or the law requires this.
What legal basis do we have for using your personal data?
We process your information:
·         to be able to provide you with our products and services [in line with our Terms & Conditions] via the Setra website.
·         as this is necessary for the performance of the contract with you, or to take steps at your request prior to entering into this contract.
·         to comply with our legal obligations, including but not limited to tax filing and accounting.
·         to protect your vital interests AND/OR the vital interests of other organizations or persons.
·         as this is necessary for us to carry out our functions, and this includes profiling related to international sales of our products and services.
·         as this is necessary in pursuit of our legitimate interests in producing, marketing, selling, and servicing our products and services to our customers. While there are some risks with these types of activities, on balance, we consider the risk to your rights of data protection is outweighed by the significant benefits in providing our products and services to our customers. We’ve also implemented protections for your rights by utilizing internal processes, using secure platforms with the latest security protections, and limiting entry of personal data where it is unnecessary. At Setra, we may contact you or process your information if there is legitimate interest in our company, products, or services. Legitimate interest may be implied by filling out forms on our website, or providing a business card and contact information. In these cases, Setra has the stance that responding to these inquires fulfils the transaction that has taken place with us, and that the provider of the information has legitimate interest in our company, products, and services. You’ve the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning you which is based on legitimate interests. More information on this right and on how to exercise it is set out below.
·         If you notify us of any health or disability requirements then this may involve the processing of more detailed personal data including sensitive data such as health information that you or others provide about you. In that case we always ask for your consent before undertaking such processing and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. More information on this right and how to exercise it is set out below.
What happens if you do not provide us with the information we request or ask that we stop processing your information?
We have obligations under law/contract that require us to process your information. If you don’t provide the information requested, you may be denied entry into the Setra office location(s) or you may be denied information about our products and services. We may also not be able to process orders or see account history information.
Do we make automated decisions concerning you?
In some circumstances we use an automated decision-making system to make marketing and business decisions based on your location or citizenship status.
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which has legal consequences for you or similarly significant effects. While we’re confident that the technology works, we understand that not everyone is comfortable with decisions being left entirely up to machines. If you have any questions about our identity checking system, please contact us on using the details at the end of this Privacy Notice.
Do we use Cookies to collect personal data on you?
To provide better service to you on our websites, we and our service providers use cookies to collect your personal data when you browse. For information about our use of cookies and how to decline them or turn them off please read our cookie policy: Setra uses cookies to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media.
What about marketing?
If you opt-in to receiving marketing material, Setra may contact you from time to time about our new similar products and promotional offers. Communication is normally via email and you may unsubscribe at any time.
Where do we store your personal data? Do we transfer your personal data outside the EEA?
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers and those of third-party services that we use.
Where possible, we try to only process your information within the UK and European Economic Area (EEA). If we or our service providers transfer personal data outside of the UK or EEA, we always require that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect the information when it is processed. Setra is based in the United States of America. We have put in place safeguards to protect personal data processed in or accessed from the United States of America. You can obtain a copy of the safeguards in place for such transfers by contacting us using the details at the end of this Privacy Notice.
How do we keep your personal data secure?
We ensure the security of your personal data by use of encryption, firewalls, password protection, ISO certifications.
We also take steps to ensure all our subsidiaries, agents, affiliates and suppliers employ adequate levels of security.
What rights do you have in relation to the personal data we hold on you?
By law, you have a number of rights when it comes to your personal data. Further information and advice about your rights can be obtained from the data protection regulator in your country.
Rights
What does this mean?
1.       The right to be informed
You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how we use your information and your rights. This is why we’re providing you with the information in this Privacy Notice.
2.       The right of access
You have the right to obtain access to your information (if we’re processing it), and certain other information (similar to that provided in this Privacy Notice).
This is so you’re aware and can check that we’re using your information in accordance with data protection law.
3.       The right to rectification
You are entitled to have your information corrected if it’s inaccurate or incomplete.
4.       The right to erasure
This is also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’ and, in simple terms, enables you to request the deletion or removal of your information where there’s no compelling reason for us to keep using it. This is not a general right to erasure; there are exceptions.
5.       The right to restrict processing
You have rights to ‘block’ or suppress further use of your information. When processing is restricted, we can still store your information, but may not use it further. We keep lists of people who have asked for further use of their information to be ‘blocked’ to make sure the restriction is respected in future.
6.       The right to data portability
You have rights to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services. For example, if you decide to switch to a new provider, this enables you to move, copy or transfer your information easily between our IT systems and theirs safely and securely, without affecting its usability.
7.       The right to object to processing
You have the right to object to certain types of processing, including processing based on our legitimate interests and processing for direct marketing (i.e. if you no longer want to be contacted with potential opportunities).
8.       The right to lodge a complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint about the way we handle or process your personal data with your national data protection regulator.
9.       The right to withdraw consent
If you have given your consent to anything we do with your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time (although if you do so, it does not mean that anything we have done with your personal data with your consent up to that point is unlawful). This includes your right to withdraw consent to us using your personal data for marketing purposes.
How can you make a request to exercise your rights?
To exercise any of the rights above, or to ask a question, contact us using the details set out at the end of this Privacy Notice. Requests may be made by phone also at 800-257-3872
How will we handle a request to exercise your rights?
We’ll respond as soon as we can. Generally, this will be within one month from when we receive your request but, if the request is going to take longer to deal with, we’ll come back to you and let you know.
We usually act on requests and provide information free of charge, but may charge a reasonable fee to cover our administrative costs of providing the information for:
·           baseless or excessive/repeated requests, or
·           further copies of the same information.
Alternatively, the law may allow us to refuse to act on the request.
How can you contact us?
If you have questions on the processing of your personal data, would like to exercise any of your rights, or are unhappy with how we’ve handled your information, please contact us here: 159 Swanson Road Boxborough, MA 01719,  orders@setra.com, 800-257-3872.
The easiest way to begin a request or ask a question is through the contact form on our website.
If you’re not satisfied with our response to any complaint or believe our processing of your information does not comply with data protection law, you can make a complaint to the data protection regulator in your country.
Featured Downloads
ProductsService/RMASupplierCustomerContact Us
FAQsAboutCareersRequest QuoteBlog
Setra Systems, Inc.159 Swanson RoadBoxborough, MA 01719978-263-1400 orders@setra.com
Copyright © 2020 Setra Systems. All Rights Reserved. | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Notice | ISO 9001:2015 Certified | Prop 65
CLOSE X
Call Setra at 1-800-257-3872
Email Setra
Product Support
Contact Us
CLOSE X
Call Setra
Send a Message
Contact Us