https://www.cornell.edu/privacy-notice.cfm
Skip to content
Cornell University is committed to protecting your privacy
The following privacy notice describes what information we collect from you when you visit www.cornell.edu and how we use this information. Please read this privacy notice carefully so that you understand our privacy practices.
Effective Date of Privacy Notice
The privacy notice was last revised on February 13, 2020.
What information we gather during your visit
Information we gather:
We automatically collect certain information from you when you visit www.cornell.edu. This data is used in conjunction with Google Analytics to gather metrics on site usage including geographic location of visitors, pathways navigated through the website, and which portion of our audience is internal to the Cornell network. The information we collect is not linked to anything that identifies you as an individual. Your session will be tracked but you will remain anonymous as a user. As part of Google Analytics, we also gather device and browser-related information.
Information you may provide:
We may also collect other information as described in this notice or other specific university privacy notices. In order to take full advantage of some of our services, certain tools, such as the plan your visit tool, the university events calendar and events emailer, and the CornellCast video library may request additional contact information and/or online identifiers (ex. supplied username or NetID).
How we use your information
We use gathered information to track user trends and site usage with the goal of improving our visitors’ experience and optimizing our websites. We also use the information to administer this website and prevent abuse.
Special cases:
If you use the plan your visit, service the information that is gathered may be used to send you postal mail or email, or in some cases, it may be used to contact you via phone pertaining to your visit to the university. Additionally, the information gathered may be used for admissions-related purposes such as sending you information about enrollment to the university if you self-identify as a prospective undergraduate or graduate student.
The events emailer service associates your email address with preferences you provide for receiving email notifications based on various user-selected criteria pertaining to emailing you about upcoming events. We aggregate reports about preferences but do not correlate them with the email addresses.
The CornellCast video library has an optional feature that allows you to sign up for email reminders before a live broadcast of your choice begins. Your email address will only be used for communicating with you about the live broadcast.
Additionally, you may provide your email address during a live broadcast to ask or receive follow up to questions that were not addressed during the broadcast.
With whom we share your information
Information we gather may also be shared with campus constituents to improve programs, outreach, and other campus initiatives. Additionally, metrics may be shared with vendors to improve communications related to these activities. However, we will not sell this data to third-parties for their use in direct marketing, advertising, or for the promotion of their products and services.
Special cases:
The university events calendar is powered by a third-party vendor, Localist, and its usage is subject to its terms of service and privacy policy.
Cookies and other collection technologies
Cookies
Cookies are text files stored on your computer and accessible only to the websites which create them.
Our websites may use cookies to keep you logged into secure areas of the website and/or to keep track of your preferences as you interact with certain services. You may disable cookies in your browser, however, our websites may not work properly if you do so.
Log Files
Our websites automatically gather anonymous information about our visitors including IP addresses, browser types, and the times and dates of webpage visits. The information collected does not include any personally identifiable details and is used to improve our services and administer our websites.
Protecting your information
No method of transmitting over the internet or storing electronic data is 100% secure, but this site has measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information that is under our control.
Email Marketing
Marketing emails you may receive from the university contain options to unsubscribe. However, there are certain internal or safety-related email messages that are delivered to all Cornell University community members that will not contain an opt-out option as these are considered critical internal communications.
Social Media Presence
If you share our content through social media, such as liking us on Facebook or tweeting about us on Twitter, those social networks will record that you have done so and may set a cookie for this purpose.
If you wish to opt-out of any of these social interactions please refer to the specific social media platform for instructions on how to do so.
External Website Links
From time-to-time, we will link to external websites that we neither own nor control. Cornell University is not responsible for the content, privacy practices, or web accessibility needs on these websites.
Special Notice for EU Residents
If you are located within the European Economic Area (European Union, Norway, Liechtenstein, and Iceland), we acknowledge the rights granted to you under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
These rights may include:
Right to access your information held by us
Right to correct inaccurate or incorrect information about you
Right to the erasure of your information when it is no longer necessary for us to retain it
Right to restrict processing of your personal information in specific situations
Right to object to processing your information, including sending you communications that may be considered direct-marketing materials
Right to object to automated decision-making and profiling, where applicable
Right to complain to a supervisory authority in your jurisdiction within the EU
Please contact the IT Service Desk with any questions, concerns, or if you wish to exercise any of these rights.
Contact Information
If you have questions about our privacy notice or the privacy practices it describes, please contact the IT Service Desk.