http://www.aaa.org/terms-of-use
Skip to content
Home » Terms of Use
Primary Links
Calendar
Observing
Observing Forecast
Astrospheric – Advanced forecasting
Clear Sky Chart
High Line
High Line – Solar Observing
Lincoln Center
Carl Schurz Park
Pier i Stargazing and Sungazing
Brooklyn Bridge Park
Pioneer Works, Brooklyn
Brooklyn Museum Plaza
Evergreens Cemetery
Hunters Point Park
Floyd Bennett Field
Riverdale, Bronx
Great Kills, Staten Island
Observing Out-Of-Town
North South Lake, Haines Falls, NY
Ward Pound Ridge Reservation, Pound Ridge, NY
UACNJ-Jenny Jump State Park
Lectures
Astro Answers
Classes
Classes Archive 2017-2018
Classes Archive 2016–2017
Classes Archive 2015–2016
Classes Archive – Older Classes
Schools
School Outreach
Scopes for Schools
Articles
Sound Clip of Rik and Lynn – WNYC – May 10, 2002
History of the Transit of Venus – prelude to the June 5th, 2012 Transit of Venus.
Choosing and Using Binoculars
Why is the Moon so high (or so Low)?
Best Celestial Events of 2006
An Asymmetrical Mount For a 17.5" Newtonian
Mars Attacks: First Anniversary of the Great Approach
Optical Surface Cleaning Procedure
Observing Resources for Amateur Astronomers – Part 1: Beginning Observers
Observing Resources for Amateur Astronomers – Part 2: Intermediate Observers
Observing Resources for Amateur Astronomers – Part 3: Advanced Observers
Observing Resources for Amateur Astronomers – Part 4: Magazines and Miscellany
Comet Hyakutake: The Great "Earthgrazing" Comet of 1996
A History of the First Forty Years of the Amateur Astronomers Association
Amateur Telescope Making
NYC Urban Starfest – Background & History of the Event
Observer Reports Archive
Gallery
Club Events
Lecture Series
Jan. 2015 Holiday Party
2014 Annual Meeting
2013 Holiday Party
Dec. 2012 Holiday Party
Jan. 2012 Holiday Party
Pulkovo Observatory, St. Petersburgh, Russia
Stereoviews of Telescopes
Night Sky Photography Class
Astrophotography
Stanley Fertig Gallery
Michael Krypel Gallery
Alexander Krivenyshev Gallery
Julian Parks Gallery
2012 Annular Solar Eclipse by Stan Honda
2011 Manhattanhenge
Stan Honda Gallery
Tony Hoffman Gallery
Mike Naideau Gallery
Deep Sky Images by Joe DiNapoli
Urban Lunar Eclipses
Deep Sky Gallery by Ed Fox
Comets
(Mostly) Urban Astro-images
Our Sun
Observing Events
Beyond New York City
Tanabata Festival 2019
2012 Transit of Venus
2004 Transit of Venus
Star Fests
The First Star Fest
Autumn Starfest 2019
Spring Starfest 2019
2014 Autumn Urban StarFest
2014 Spring StarFest
2013 Autumn Urban Star Fest
2013 Spring Star Fest
2011 Star Fest
2010 Star Fest
2008 Star Fest
The Club
AAA Membership
By-Laws
Our Logo
Financials
Amateur Astronomers Medal
Links
Astronomy Clubs near NYC
AAA In the News
Contacting the AAA
Donate
Join
Members Portal
Membership Become a member!
Member Portal
All content (“content” will be understood to encompass all logos, text, imagery, and design) on this website is copyright © 2008-2015 Amateur Astronomers Association of New York (AAA) except where indicated, and is provided under the following terms of use. We reserve the right to modify, change, amend, and update these terms at any time without notice to you. If these terms are, or become unacceptable to you, discontinue use of this site immediately.
Use of this site constitutes your implicit agreement to these terms and conditions. Future use of this site indicates your continued willingness to be bound by the terms in place at time of use.
This site was created to inform members and potential members about AAA’s history, facilities, services, and resources. Its content cannot be reproduced, in part or in whole, without the express consent of the Amateur Astronomers Association of New York. Should you have an interest in reproducing any portion of this site’s content, whether in print or online, contact webmaster@aaa.org.
This site will occasionally provide links to other Web sites that contain information we believe may be useful to you. Those sites may or may not have a privacy policy equivalent to ours, and Amateur Astronomers Association of New York  is not responsible for any breaches in privacy that arise from your access of them. If you have any questions regarding the privacy or security of those sites, you should contact the appropriate webmasters at those sites directly.
The Amateur Astronomers Association of New York welcomes external links to this website, but only to the home page, and never from any site that may be deemed offensive in any way, such as pornographic sites or any site dedicated to the negative portrayal of any person or group of people. If you have any questions regarding these terms of use, contact webmaster@aaa.org