https://www.jwnenergy.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy and cookie usage policy
October 3, 2019
The privacy of your personal data/information is important to Glacier RIG Ltd. Glacier RIG Ltd. is owned by Glacier Media Inc. This notice (the “Policy”) describes Glacier RIG Ltd. privacy and cookie usage policy as it pertains to the following websites (“Websites”, or individually a “Website”):
CanOils – www.canoils.com
Daily Oil Bulletin – www.dailyoilbulletin.com
JWN Energy – www.jwnenergy.com
The Oilfield Atlas – www.oilfieldatlas.com
POST Report – www.postreport.ca
Rig Locator – www.riglocator.ca
By using any of these Websites, you are acknowledging and accepting this Policy.
1. Information We Collect.  Glacier RIG Ltd. may ask for and collect from you personally identifiable and other information at certain intervals throughout your access to and use of one or more of our Websites. Depending on the information and/or services you request, you may be asked to provide your name, email address, company, position, title and other information that is relevant to the information and/or services you have requested. In addition to the information you provide to us directly, Glacier RIG Ltd. and its service providers, such as Google Inc., Salesforce and Pardot, also collect the domain names and IP addresses of its visitors, along with usage statistics (e.g., types of web browsers and operating systems used) and browsing history, including web pages visited, web forms completed and reports requested and downloaded. This data is used to more efficiently operate Glacier RIG Ltd. business, promote our services and administer our Websites. Glacier RIG Ltd. may combine this personally identifiable and additional data with other information it collects. Glacier RIG Ltd. may also collect any information you choose to provide in your communications with us. Please do not send us personally identifiable information or complete any web forms containing personally identifiable information that you do not wish us to receive and process.
2. How We Collect Information.  In addition to the methods described above, Glacier RIG Ltd. and its service providers, such as Google Inc., Salesforce and Pardot, collect personal information/data using cookies, web beacons, pixel tags or similar digital marker technologies. These methods and technologies permit us to collect various types of information, including which pages you visit and which of our newsletter articles you clicked on. We and our service providers use this information to monitor and improve the Websites and to show you advertisements about Glacier RIG Ltd. when you visit other Websites. Use of information collected also helps us ensure we only contact and provide you with the information most relevant to your requests and other communications with us. For more details on how we use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and similar digital marker technologies, see the “Cookie Usage” section below.
3. HowGlacier RIG Ltd. Uses Your Information.  Glacier RIG Ltd. processes personal information for certain business purposes, in keeping with its legitimate interests for processing your personal data/information and those of its stakeholders, namely customers, prospects, readers, advertisers and sponsors. These business purposes include some or all of the following:
To process and respond to inquiries;
For the purposes for which you provided the information;
To enhance, modify, personalize or otherwise improve our services and communications for the benefit of our customers and Website visitors;
To better understand how users interact with our Websites and thereby to improve Website content and navigability;
To alert you to new products and features, special events and service offerings;
To distribute specific direct marketing pieces that bring value to our readers and target audience;
To determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertising;
To identify and prevent fraudulent use of our services;
To enhance the security and performance of our network and information systems;
To enforce the Terms and Conditions of the respective websites.
Whenever we process data for these purposes we will ensure that we do so responsibly and in accordance with the policies outlined herein. You have the right to object to this processing if you wish, and if you wish to do so please email us at customerservice@jwnenergy.com with your request.  Please bear in mind that if you object this may affect our ability to undertake the provision of services or products that you have requested of us.
4. Information-Sharing with Third Parties.  Glacier RIG Ltd. may disclose your personally identifiable information in confidence to another entity (i) for purposes of outsourcing one or more of the business purposes outlined in section 3 of this policy; (ii) to confirm or update information provided by you; (iii) to inform you of events, information about our services, and other important information, and (iv) for other purposes disclosed at or before the time the information is collected on relevant web pages and forms. For example, if you download a sponsored report or whitepaper, the report’s sponsor may be provided your name and basic contact information. If you tell us you wish to attend an event, your name and organization may appear on a list we provide to other delegates and sponsors at the event. We will also share your information when legally required to do so. In some cases, your subscription may be owned by your employer or by another entity that has purchased it on your behalf; Glacier RIG Ltd. reserves the right to share information about the usage of a subscription with the party that paid for it. Glacier RIG Ltd. may also share your information with Evaluate Energy Limited, a co-managed affiliate of Glacier RIG Ltd., also wholly owned by Glacier Media Inc. To view Evaluate Energy Limited’s privacy policy, please click here.
5. How We Protect Information.  Glacier RIG Ltd. endeavours to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your personal information. Glacier RIG Ltd. has implemented reasonable administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your personal information.
6. How You Can View or Update Your Personal Information.  To ensure that you have as much control over your personally identifiable and other information as possible, you may update your information or have your information removed from our servers (“right to be forgotten”) by contacting us as provided in the “Contacts” section below. We will use reasonable efforts to process any changes you make; provided, however, that requests to delete information are subject to Glacier RIG Ltd. internal reporting and retention policies and all applicable legal obligations.
7. Transfer of Information outside the EEA.  We currently transfer information outside the EEA in the following circumstances: (a) where you have registered, signed-up or otherwise subscribed to our services, to our team members operating in countries outside the EEA to enable them to inform you of changes or enhancements to the Websites or the products or services which we offer; and (b) to our servers which are currently located in Canada and the USA but which may in the future be located in another country outside the EEA. Because our servers are located in Canada and the USA, transfer of all our data outside the EEA is necessary to enable us to operate our Websites. If you provide us personal information via the Websites, you are deemed to have consented to the transfer and storage of your personal data and information outside the EEA as set out herein. If you do not wish any of your personal data or information to be stored or transferred outside the EEA, you may withdraw your consent to this at any time by notifying us at the e-mail address specified in Clause 11 of this Policy. However, because our servers are located outside the EEA, if you withdraw your consent, we will no longer be able to keep your data, keep you informed of our services, or otherwise provide you with our services.
8. How to Opt-Out.  If you prefer not to receive any further communications from us, you may selectively opt-out of marketing communications by visiting Glacier RIG Ltd. preference center.  Alternatively, please email customerservice@jwnenergy.com.
9. Changes to This Policy.  From time to time, we may change this Policy. Changes to this Policy are effective as of the effective date listed above and indicates the last time this Policy was updated. Your continued use of Glacier RIG Ltd. Websites indicates your consent to the changes to this Policy.
10. Third-Party Links.  Glacier RIG Ltd. Websites may contain links to advertiser and other third-party websites that Glacier RIG Ltd. does not own or control. Glacier RIG Ltd. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.  Once you have left one of our Websites, we cannot safeguard and are not responsible for the protection and privacy of any personal information/personal data that you provide on other websites. Please review the applicable terms of use and privacy policies for those other websites.
11. Contacts.  For additional information on this Policy and compliance with the Alberta Personal Information Protection Act and the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation, contact Glacier RIG Ltd. privacy officer by email at customerservice@jwnenergy.com, by mail at 2nd Flr-816 55 Avenue NE, Calgary, Alberta, Canada, T2E 6Y4, or phone at 403.209.3500 or toll free at 1.800.387.2446.
Cookie Usage
Glacier RIG Ltd. and its service providers use “cookies”, pixel tags, and other digital markers on our Websites. We also use pixel tags in our newsletters. A cookie is a very small piece of information in the form of a text file placed on your computer. A pixel tag is a small image file that allows us to know that you have visited one of our pages. These digital markers allow us and our service providers to recognize that you have previously visited one of our Websites. They can also tell us whether you have clicked on a link in one of our newsletters.
Website Performance
We use cookies to create aggregated statistics on visitors to our Websites and their browsing behaviour. We use this information to understand what portions of our Websites are relevant to you and to make improvements. Our Websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help analyze how users use the Websites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Websites (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Websites, compiling reports on Website activity for Website operators and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage. You can view Google’s privacy policy here.
Advertising
Our service providers also use cookies and digital markers to assist us with our advertising programs. When you visit other websites you may see an advertisement for Glacier RIG Ltd. because you visited one of our Websites. You may opt-out of network advertising programs that track your activities across multiple websites to deliver personalized advertising content to you.  In the U.S., please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance Ad Choices Opt-Out Page. In Canada, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page. In the EU visit the Your Online Choices page for guidance.
Managing your Cookies
Cookie management is implemented differently in every browser, and you can acquaint yourself with this by visiting the appropriate ”help” information associated with your specific browser. For further information about ‘cookies’ please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.