http://www.ensafe.com/index.php/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home » Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This web page describes the privacy policy guidelines regarding the collection and use of personal or corporate information that you provide through this website. Your right to privacy is very important, and our policy is in place to protect your personal information. We recognize that when you choose to provide us with information about yourself, you trust us to act in a responsible manner.
Personal Information
We collect only information required to provide high levels of service to you. During your visit to this website, we generally will NOT collect any personally-identifiable information about you, such as your name, address, phone number or e-mail address. We may, however, collect non-personally-identifiable (anonymous) information such as:
Your IP address (a unique number assigned to every computer on the Internet.)Your geographic location (e.g. United States, Florida, etc.)Your referring source (e.g., Google, Yahoo, MSN, etc.)Your domain type (e.g., .com, .net, .org, etc.)Standard information included with every communication sent on the Internet, such as browser type, operating system, browser language, service provider, and local time.
We do gather personally-identifiable information on our sites when you voluntarily provide it. For example, if you submit your resume or contact request form, we will ask you to provide things like your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, and other information. Should you choose not to provide such information it may hinder our ability to serve your interests.
Privacy Protection
We will take appropriate steps to protect your privacy and take reasonable security measures to protect your personal information in storage. We do not provide your personal information to other companies without your permission, with the following exceptions:
Personally-identifiable information may be processed for us by outside vendors, who are obligated to keep such information confidential.We will provide personally-identifiable data to governmental authorities only as required by law.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that store website data on your computer. They are widely used in order to make websites work more efficiently, as well as to help collect data. A cookie makes your next visit to the website easier if you are using the same PC, laptop, tablet or mobile phone and the same internet browser. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
We do occasionally use cookies to create a better experience on our sites. A cookie is useful information gathered by your browser and stored on your hard drive, enabling your PC to “remember” some useful items when you return to a web site.
You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie in order to accept or reject it, or you can set your browser to turn off all cookies. If you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you can still access all of the our web sites.
Information Usage
We may use the information provided by cookies and IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the web sites, or for research and marketing purposes to help us refine our marketing approach.
Security of Personal Data
We take appropriate technical and organizational measures to guard against unauthorized or unlawful processing of your personal data and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, your personal data. While we believe the measures we have implemented reduce our vulnerability to security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data we hold, no system is completely secure and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
How to Access and Manage Your Personal Data
Communications/Marketing Preferences. You can choose whether you wish to receive direct marketing communications from EnSafe. You can opt-out at any time and unsubscribe from these communications by following the unsubscribe instructions in the message.
Browser-Based Controls. There are browser-based controls for cookies, described in the Cookies section of this privacy statement, and for blocking tracking or third-party content. Further, certain countries may grant you specific rights to access, correct, delete, or object to the processing of, or transfer your personal data. To make a specific request, please contact info@ensafe.com. You must be able to provide your name and email address or other information sufficient information to allow us to identify you. Once identified, we will respond to your request as appropriate. We will follow internal procedures when these requests are made to protect the integrity of the data we hold.
Links
This web sites contain links to other web sites belonging to clients, vendors, partners, and other sites of interest to our users. We do not control the privacy practices of these other sites.
Changes to this privacy statement
This privacy statement was last updated on the date noted belowand applies from that date. We may occasionally amend this privacy statement. You can determine if the privacy statement has been revised since your last visit by referring to the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page. Any new statement will automatically be in force when it is published on the website. Your use of our Site following such revision constitutes your acceptance of the contents of the privacy statement as amended or revised by us. You should therefore return here regularly to view our most up to date privacy statement.
Questions
We welcome comments and questions on this policy. You may contact us at any time at either info@ensafe.com or by phone 901.372.7962.
This privacy policy was last updated on
December 11, 2019. We may modify the provisions of this privacy policy from time to time. The new provisions will be effective as soon as they are posted. Please check this page periodically to ensure that you are aware of any change. This is not a contract.
2,905 total views,  8 views today