http://www.rss.org.uk/training-events/rss-2020-conference/terms-and-conditions/
RSS - Terms and conditions
We use cookies necessary to giving you a better online experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
I agree
The RSS is a professional body for all statisticians and data analysts wherever they may live.
My RSS
My RSS
Membership
Join now
Chartered Statistician
Graduate Statistician
Fellow
E-student
Corporate
Meet our members
FAQs
Member benefits
Members
Upgrade your membership
Renew your membership
Refer a member
Consultants Directory
Professional Register
Professional Development
Chartered Statistician
Graduate Statistician
Professional Statistician's Network
Mentoring scheme
Accreditation scheme
Sections and local groups
Sections
Local groups
Special interest groups
Upgrade
Member Type
Preferences
Summary
Payment
Confirmation
Volunteering
Statisticians for Society
Volunteer with AIMS
Volunteer profiles
Find a volunteering opportunity
Volunteer as a charity trustee
Other pro bono opportunities
Guidelines for RSS volunteers
Promoting statistics
RSS statistical ambassadors
Hands-on-statistics
Become a school governor
Inspire school students
William Guy Lecture
News & Publications
News
Press releases
RSS in the media
Publications
Journals
Our research
Significance
Training and events
Training
Public courses
Online courses
In-company courses
Lean & 6 sigma
CPD
Stats resources
Conference 2021
Registration
Conference costs
Conference streams
Invited topics sessions
Events code of conduct
Conference 2020
Keynote speakers
Conference programme
Registration
Sponsorship opportunities
Conference streams
Invited topics sessions
Terms and conditions
Events code of conduct
Forthcoming RSS Conferences
Past conferences
Events
Events calendar
Excellence Awards
RSS Honours
Key events
Video and audio
Webinars
Policy and campaigns
Policy
Covid-19 Task Force
Working Group on Diagnostic Tests
Our Data Manifesto
Policy submissions and reports
RSS policy groups/Get in touch
Price indices and the measurement of inflation
Campaigns
Statistics of the Year
Pre-release access to statistics
Parliament Counts
Jobs and careers
Jobs board
Advertise with us
Career development
Opportunities at the RSS
Sign in
Join
Introducing the RSS
A short, two minute video introduction
Watch our video
Who we are and what we do
Our history and where to find us
View our about section
Consultants Directory
Find a professionally qualified statistical consultant
Find a consultant
President and staff
Meet our personnel
Meet our president and staff
About RSS
Home
Conference 2020
Terms and conditions
< Back to Conference 2020
In this section
Keynote speakers
Conference programme
Registration
Sponsorship opportunities
Conference streams
Invited topics sessions
Terms and conditions
Events code of conduct
Forthcoming RSS Conferences
Past conferences
Terms and conditions
1. General conditions
Completing the booking process constitutes a legally binding contract. Cancellations must be made in writing. We reserve the right to refuse admission if payment of the fee has not been received prior to the conference. It is the responsibility of the attendee to ensure that the information provided during the booking process is correct including all financial information. We reserve the right to make changes to the conference start date, duration, and content, if necessary. In the unlikely event that the Royal Statistical Society (RSS) has to cancel the conference, RSS will refund the fee in full, but will disclaim any further liability.
2. Payment methods and deadlines
Payment is required in order to book a place at the conference unless otherwise agreed with the conference organiser. We reserve the right to cancel a place if payment has not been received and any payments outstanding 8 weeks after issue of an invoice will result in cancellation of the attendee's place. Payment is due immediately upon booking, by credit/debit card, BACS, or cheque. Please see your invoice for details. For bookings made less than 30 days prior to the conference start date payment can only be made online by credit/debit card. We reserve the right to charge all fees, statutory interest on late payments and commission relating to the pursuit of overdue debt to the delegate/company (as appropriate).
If a payment is outstanding more than 30 days after the end of a registration discount period we reserve the right to reissue the invoice at the appropriate fee level for the following discount period, for example any invoices issued under the additional discount for RSS 2019 attendees that remain unpaid on 28 November will be reissued at the 25% discount (Fellows) or 20% (non-Fellows) rate.
3. Credit card sales
Please do not send your credit card details via e-mail as this is not secure. If you do send your credit card details by e-mail RSS accepts no liability for any credit card fraud perpetrated by a third party. Card details are processed via our website by a secure encrypted third party processor (SagePay). We log all originating information on online orders. We reserve the right to decline orders as necessary due to credit card fraud. Please note that RSS can also accept credit card payments by telephone.
4. Cancellations and Substitutions
Cancellation requests must be received in writing.
Cancellations made more than six weeks prior to the conference will receive a full refund (less £50+VAT administrative charge.
Cancellations made between four and six weeks beforehand will receive a 50% refund.
Cancellations made between two and four weeks beforehand will receive a 25% refund.
No refunds will be given for cancellations made two weeks or less prior to the conference.
Refunds will be made manually – not via the website – and should be paid within 10 working days of confirmation of the cancellation.
The delegate shall be responsible for obtaining any visas required to attend the conference. Failure to obtain a visa will be treated as a cancellation.
There is no charge for a delegate to substitute someone else to attend the conference. Substitute delegates will be accepted at any time.
Non-attendance does not classify as a cancellation and payment will still be due.
5. Privacy policy
Please note that personal details are collected during the ordering process on the website. Any information given during the ordering process is only held by RSS for processing your order and providing updates on RSS conference. Your name and the information provided in the organisation field will be added to a list of attendees which will be available to other participants in the conference. These details will only be used for this and not be passed to any third parties.
The standard method of communication will be by email.
We will occasionally send out mailings relating to future annual conferences. Otherwise you will not receive any mailings from us unless you are already a Society member/subscriber or if you have authorised us to do so by making a selection on the check box when entering your customer details within the order process on the website. RSS does not hold or have access to your credit card details.
The Society will have a photographer taking photographs in many sessions and at social events. The Society may use photographs taken in publications and in future publicity materials. If you would prefer your image not to be used in this way please contact the conference office.
Selected sessions and speakers will be filmed (with the agreement of the session organisers and speakers) to be made available via the Society's Youtube channel - a list of sessions being recorded will be made available on request.
6. Miscellaneous
None of the above terms and conditions affects the delegate’s statutory rights as a consumer. These terms and conditions shall take precedence over any terms a delegate may seek to impose (including any terms included on a delegate's purchase order) and such terms shall not form part of this Agreement
7. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
This Agreement is made and shall be interpreted in accordance with English Law and subject to the jurisdiction of the English courts sitting in England.
8. Complaints
We endeavour to respond to all complaints immediately. If you wish to make a complaint please contact:
Conferences & Events Manager
Royal Statistical Society
12 Errol Street
London
EC1Y 8LX
Get your place
Conference 2020
My RSS
About
Useful resources
Privacy policy
Consultants Directory
Covid-19 Task Force
Sign up for our newsletters
Conference Newsletter
Events Newsletter
Quarterly update
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our supporters; our privacy notice explains how we will handle your personal data.
12 Errol Street (entrance on Lamb's Buildings)
London, EC1Y 8LX.
Tel: +44 (0)20 7638 8998
Email: info@rss.org.uk
© Copyright 2020 The Royal Statistical Society.
Registered charity in England and Wales. No.306096.