https://www.esperantic.org/en/privacy-policy/
English
Esperanto
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
This is the Privacy Policy for the Esperanto Studies Foundation (ESF) and companion sites www.esfacademic.org and www.esfconnected.org.  The ESF website address is: www.esperantic.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Information We Collect
If you sign up to receive the ESF newsletter, Information For Interlinguists (IFI), Informilo Por Interligvistoj (IPI) and announcements by email, we collect your email address, and other information, if you choose to share it with us.
If you donate to ESF, we collect your email address. We also collect names and addresses for use on tax receipts.
If you no longer wish to receive emails from ESF, you may opt out at any time by sending an email to admin(at)esperantic.org or, in some cases, by unsubscribing.
Upon your request, if you no longer wish to be connected to ESF, we will completely remove your email address, name, and other information from our lists.
We are grateful to those who support ESF and its projects via your ideas, donations and other gifts, and your contributions to the realization of ESF-funded and endorsed projects. We would like to establish ongoing two-way communication with everyone who supports ESF’s work, and we welcome you to opt-in to this collaborative role.  In this case, you will have the option of letting ESF retain some additional information about our interactions, in order to facilitate effective collaboration with you.
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
If you are allowed to log in as a user (not currently enabled), we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How We Use Your Information
We use your email address to send you ESF newsletters, bulletins you have subscribed to, announcements, and occasional emails with news items deemed of interest to subscribers.
We have access to the information available on PayPal or other third party credit card processors that receive donations and payments for ESF. We use this information to acknowledge receipt of donations and to provide receipts when requested.
Who we share your data with
The Esperantic Studies Foundation does not share your information. We do not rent or sell your Personal Identifiable Information or non-Personal Identifiable Information to others.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register to receive the ESF newsletter, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Storage and Processing
Your email information may be stored and processed in the United States or Canada. The elements of your information necessary for completing the services that you request, for example our web services, information and product delivery, and payment processing, may be stored on servers in countries where the GDPR-compliant service providers and companies that we use have their servers.
How we protect your data
ESF is concerned with protecting your privacy and data. Information is encrypted when applicable, and we apply additional industry security guidelines.  We follow the standards and best practices recommended for GDPR-compliance for organizations of our type and size, and use GDPR-compliant software where available.  However, data breaches occur at all levels of government, business, and private Internet activity.  Therefore, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to ESF, or guarantee that your information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by a breach of any of our industry-standard physical, technical or managerial safeguards.  (Currently we do not ask you to set up an account so USERID and password information is not collected.)
Questions about ESF’s Privacy Policy or how we safeguard your information can be addressed to admin(at)esperantic.org
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
For E.U. Subscribers and Donors.  ESF complies with the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC framework as set forth by the European Union regarding the collection, use and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland.  We have the same Privacy Policy for all subscriber and donors both in and out of the EU.
Comments are closed