https://www.species360.org/privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
ZIMS LOGIN
TRUSTEE LOGIN
HELP
Submit
Website Privacy Policy
Species360 is committed to protecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your Personal Information. This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for (http://www.species360.org) and applies only to information collected by this Site. By continuing to access or use the Site, you agree to be bound by the then-current terms of this Privacy Policy. Please consult our Terms and Conditions for additional conditions that apply to your use of, and access to, this Site.
Specifically, this Privacy Policy will notify you of the following:
What Personal Information is collected by our website
How the information is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your Personal Information and how you can correct any inaccuracies
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
Note, if you are a Species360 member, affiliated with a Species360 member, or ZIMS user, you may still receive member related email from us even if you unsubscribe from email news.
1 – TYPE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information you voluntarily provide
You may provide us with certain information about yourself in an application for membership or renewal, a request for information, submission of a contact form, a personal donation or payment for goods or services, a response to surveys or marketing communications, event registrations, participation in raffles or contests, or any similar program sponsored or cosponsored by us. In addition, your personal information may be received by us when you forward a web page, or electronic newsletter.
Information we gather automatically
We also use certain standard Internet technologies to collect other information that cannot identify you personally when you visit our website. This non-personally identifiable information may include your IP address, the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using and the domain name of your Internet service provider. Species360 logs non-personally identifiable information, and aggregates it for system administration and to monitor the use of our Site. We use the aggregated information to measure the number of visits to our Site, the average time spent on our Site, the number of pages viewed, and various other Site statistics. This monitoring helps us to provide a more useful and engaging online experience to Species360.org visitors, and helps us to improve the quality of our content.
Cookies
Like many websites, Species360 uses cookies to collect information and help personalize your online experience. Cookies are small data files stored on your computer that we use to recognize you and your access privileges and preferences. We store minimal personally identifying information in cookies. We do not store complete records or credit card numbers in cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies. Your web browser allows you to control which cookies your computer will and won’t accept – use the ‘Help’ menu in your browser window to find out more.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Species360’s Privacy Policy does not apply to your interactions with other websites and Species360 is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of third-party websites. Please check with these third-party websites for their specific privacy policies
User postings and content
Some sections of the Site may allow you as a user to provide or post content, messages, screen names, computer files and other materials. Any such information you choose to post, including any of your personally identifiable information, Species360 will consider to be public information and not subject to the limitations contained in this Privacy Policy.
2 – USE OF INFORMATION
We may use the information you voluntarily provide to contact you regarding Species360 membership, ZIMS, zoo, aquarium and conservation science information that may be of interest to you, Species360 programs, and to invite you to support our programs. We may also send such information to the people whose e-mail addresses you provide when forwarding Species360 electronic content. When we do so, our sole intent is to serve and enlarge our community of informed supporters. Generally, we only maintain your name and email address for purposes of these type of email communications. You can quickly and easily “opt out” of future such communications by following the instructions on any electronic communication we send.
We do not release individual information about your use of our site. We may report general activity trends about our website to third parties, which may include advertisers and sponsors.
3 – YOUR CHOICE
You may opt out of any future communications from us at any time. If you wish to update or remove your personal information, or if you have any questions or concerns, please e-mail us at support@species360.org
We can help you with the following:
See what data we have about you, if any
Change/correct any data we have about you
Delete any data we have about you or forward your request to your institution
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
External Links
Species360 may include links to other websites whose privacy policies we do not control. Species360’s Privacy Policy does not apply to your interactions with other websites and Species360 is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of third-party websites. Please check with these third-party websites for their specific privacy policies.
4 – SECURITY
Species360 uses generally accepted, industry-standard security systems, software, and encryption technologies to protect against unauthorized access to Species360 servers, equipment, and other components. They include physical, technical, and managerial measures to keep Personal Information protected from unauthorized access. However, due to the nature of the Internet and related technology, we cannot absolutely guarantee the security of Personal Information. Species360 does not warrant or guarantee that personally identifiable information will never be illegally accessed, used, or disclosed.
Children’s guidelines
Species360 does not knowingly collect identifiable personal information from children.  We take specific steps to protect the privacy of children by making reasonable efforts to ensure that a parent has authorized the collection of the child’s personal data. We are unable to reply to information requests from children under the age of 13, if so identified. A parent or guardian must initiate any requests for information from children under the age of 13 on their behalf. We encourage parents to supervise children when they browse the Internet.
NOTICE TO EU RESIDENTS
Under the new GDPR, EU residents have specific data privacy rights. These include:
Right to access your personal data.
Right to rectify inaccurate or incomplete personal data, including the right to erase on request (“right to be forgotten”).
Right to restrict or suspend the processing of your personal data, where you can object to the processing of your personal details where it is justified.
Right to complaint.
Right to be informed.
Right to data portability, where you can receive personal data you have provided and ask it be transferred to another in a safe and secure way.
Right to object to decision-making based on automated processing.
Right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us at support@species360.org.
BECOME A MEMBER SupportPay By Credit CardOnline StoreTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyContact UsCareers
Special thanks to our sponsors
Global headquarters Minneapolis USA; Supporting membership in over 95 countries
Copyright © 2020 Species360 - All Rights Reserved.
Back To Top