https://www.udel.edu/home/legal-notices/
Skip to site content
Quick Links
MyUD
Maps
People Directory
Email
Careers
Library
A-Z Index
News
Events
About UD
Leadership
Mission
Experience UD
UD and the State of Delaware
History
Facts & Figures
UD Community
Prospective Students
Success After UD
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Professional & Continuing Studies
Online Programs
Current Students
Academic Calendar
Housing
Finances & Aid
Advising
Faculty & Staff
Careers
Experts
Employee Resources
Alumni & Friends
Connect
Give
Resources
About
Academics
Colleges
Library
Programs
Go Global
Research & Innovation
Research at UD
Horn Entrepreneurship
STAR Campus
Athletics
BlueHens.com
UD Home
Legal Notices
Legal Notices
Notice of Non-Discrimination, Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action
The University of Delaware does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, genetic information, marital status, disability, religion, age, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable law in its employment, educational programs and activities, admissions policies, and scholarship and loan programs as required by Title IX of the Educational Amendments of 1972, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and other applicable statutes and University policies. The University of Delaware also prohibits unlawful harassment including sexual harassment and sexual violence.
For inquiries or complaints related to non-discrimination policies, please contact:
Danica A. Myers
Interim Title IX Coordinator
305 Hullihen Hall, Newark, DE 19716
302-831-8063
titleixcoordinator@udel.edu
For complaints related to Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and/or the Americans with Disabilities Act, please contact:
Elizabeth Reed
Director, Office of Disability Support Services
Alison Hall, Suite 130
Newark, DE 19716
302-831-4643
ecreed@udel.edu
OR contact the U.S. Department of Education - Office for Civil Rights.
More information on Accessibility at UD
Disclaimers
Information on University of Delaware web pages is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement. In no event will the University of Delaware be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation any special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, even if the University of Delaware has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Although every effort is made to ensure the correctness of information submitted for publication on University of Delaware web pages, this website may inadvertently contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. The University of Delaware also reserves the right to make changes to the programs and policies described on its website at any time without notice. The University of Delaware assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions on its website or in documents that are referenced by or linked to this website.
Responsibility for the content of personal home pages resides solely with the author(s). The views and opinions expressed on student and faculty personal pages are strictly the views and opinions of the authors and do not constitute the official sanction of the University of Delaware. The University will not impose any restraints on, nor make any effort to monitor the content of, communications other than those imposed by applicable Federal, State or local laws, including laws regarding the right to privacy and laws which prohibit defamatory material. The University of Delaware can accept no responsibility for the content of personal web pages.
The University of Delaware is not authorized by the Delaware Association of Professional Engineers to do business in Delaware as an "engineering corporation" as that term is defined in the Delaware Professional Engineers Act (24 Del. C. Ch. 28). The University, in its own name or in the name of any University­ affiliated research center or other unit, is not authorized to perform or to offer to perform any professional service for the general public (such as consultation, investigation, evaluation, planning, design, or responsible supervision of construction or operation in connection with any public or private buildings, structures, utilities, machines, equipment, processes, works, or projects) when such professional service requires the application of engineering principles and data.
Privacy statement
The University of Delaware is committed to protecting the privacy and accuracy of confidential information of users who visit our web pages, to the extent possible, subject to provisions of state and federal law. The University of Delaware collects certain kinds of data from users as they browse the University of Delaware site. This privacy statement details the nature of this information, how this information is used, and what rights the University of Delaware assures users regarding this information.
This general privacy statement applies to all University of Delaware-owned websites and services users may encounter. However, individual University of Delaware departments or service providers may have their own privacy statements that address unique data practices. Users should read these supplemental privacy statements to stay informed about how the individual University of Delaware departments or service providers use their information.
Information gathering
The University of Delaware may collect personal information such as name, address, e-mail address, telephone number(s) and/or educational interests. The University collects this information for research, public service or teaching programs, or for administrative purposes. Additional personal information, such as credit card account information, may be required for purchase or enrollment purposes. If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), please see the Notice to Individuals in the European Economic Area for information about the University’s processing of your personal data.
The University of Delaware gathers some kinds of information from users as they browse our web pages. For example, a user’s IP address, browser used, referring web page, page requested, and date and time may all be logged when a user loads a page. The University of Delaware may collect statistics identifying particular IP addresses from which University websites are accessed. Some of this information is collected using information collection technology as described below.
Cookies & other information collection technology
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a computer or device used to collect data. A cookie typically contains the name of the domain (internet location) from which the cookie originated, the “lifetime” of the cookie (i.e., when it expires) and a randomly generated identifier. A cookie also may contain information about your computer, such as user settings, browsing history and activities conducted while using our services. Web beacons (also called pixel tags or clear GIFs) are another type of information collection technology that track users’ activities as they use our website. The University of Delaware uses information collection technology to help customize users’ browsing experiences, save site settings, and identify registered users. Some web browsers provide settings that allow you to control or reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer.  Declining cookies from the University of Delaware will not affect a user’s access to our web pages, but it may prevent a user from taking full advantage of some features offered by the University of Delaware.
Notice to Individuals in the European Economic Area
If you live in the European Economic Area, the data controller for personal data is: University of Delaware 210 South College Avenue, Newark, DE 19716 (the “University” or “we”).
The University collects and processes personal data from you to provide you with the services you requested and to deliver legal notices. The University shares some of your personal with its service providers and partners who help us provide the services you requested and, in some cases, legal authorities.
If you choose to provide the University with personal data that reveals your ethnic origin, religion and/or sexual orientation, you expressly consent to the University’s processing of this sensitive personal data for the purposes for which you provided it.
If you want to request rectification or deletion of personal data that the University holds about you or object to its processing, please contact us at gdprcompliance@udel.edu.  When you make a request, we may ask you to verify your identity or provide additional information before we honor your request.  We may reject your request for certain reasons, such as when your request may infringe on trade secrets, intellectual property or privacy of others or to comply with law. We will notify you either way. Your personal data will be retained for no longer than necessary to fulfill the purposes specified above or to comply with applicable legal ad regulatory requirements.
You have a right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority if you have concerns about how the University processes your personal data.
Information use and distribution
The University of Delaware may use personal information collected from websites for the purpose of future communication back to online enrollees about upcoming events or available programs, offers, updates, and reminders. A user may opt-out of these mailing lists at any time.
The University of Delaware may use personal information collected in connection with a specific function only to support that function. For example, a user may opt to complete and submit a newsletter mailing list, an application form, or a registration form. Requests for information and private communications submitted through University of Delaware services will not be monitored.
User non-personal and/or de-identified information (such as a user’s browser software or the page a user requested) may be distributed to third parties to facilitate site analytics. This information is generally used to improve web presentation and utilization. Additionally, the University may use this information for system administration (e.g., troubleshooting) purposes.
The University of Delaware will not distribute a user’s personal information to third parties unless a user provides explicit consent to have their information shared with an identified third party or the University has a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;
enforce applicable University policies, including investigation of potential violations of University policies or procedures;
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of the University, the University’s employees, faculty and staff, students, users or the public as required or permitted by law.
The University of Delaware will not sell, rent, or lease mailing lists or personal information to third-party organizations. Any contact information a user provides to the University of Delaware is kept confidential and used only for the purposes specified when it was collected.
Third-party sites
The University of Delaware’s web pages may occasionally link to third-party websites. The University does not monitor the privacy policies of external organizations, and its privacy policies do not apply to non-University of Delaware websites. Although the University of Delaware will make efforts to ensure that it provides links only to trustworthy third-party web pages, it does not guarantee the security of those pages. Users access these links at their own risk.
Individual choice
Individuals who wish to use methods other than online enrollment may submit requests by email or U.S. mail addressed to the University of Delaware organization responsible for the website.
Access to own information
Questions regarding users’ rights to review, modify or delete their previously provided personal information should be directed to the campus unit to which they provided the information. Any disputes will be resolved under existing records regulations applicable to the University of Delaware.
Copyright Notice
All graphics, photographs and text appearing on the University of Delaware home page and subsequent web pages are protected by copyright. Redistribution or commercial use is prohibited without express written permission.
University of Delaware Office of the Vice Provost for Research
- Intellectual Property
University of Delaware Policy on Copyrightable Material
Copyright Infringement
To report electronic copyright infringements originating at the University of Delaware, please notify:
UD IT Security
University of Delaware
Information Technologies
192 South Chapel St.
Newark, DE 19716
e-mail: secadmin@udel.edu
302-831-3700
UD IT Security is the agent designated under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
All infringement claims must include the following:
a physical or electronic signature;
identification of the infringed work;
identification of the infringed material;
contact information for the complaint, e.g. address, telephone number, electronic mail address;
a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner or the law;
a statement that the information contained in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Logos, Photography & Licensed University Marks
Logos and graphics relating to the University are registered and are subject to licensing agreements. If you have questions about legal use of these items, see the IMG College Licensing website or contact the Office of Administrative Services. If you are interested in using or obtaining photographic images, contact the Office of Communications and Marketing.
Developing and Adding Pages to www.udel.edu
To develop pages for the University of Delaware's web site, consult the UD Brand Style Guide. The University of Delaware targets WCAG 2.0 and ARIA 1.0 in order to allow Web content and assistive technologies to convey appropriate information to persons with disabilities.
Questions & Comments
Send questions or comments to ocm@udel.edu.
University of Delaware
Newark, DE 19716 USA
302-831-2000
The University of Delaware is an Equal Opportunity Institution.