http://www.microscopy.org/privacy_policy.cfm
Home
Contact Us
News
Join MSA
Donate
Buy a T-shirt
Sign In
Go!
Toggle navigation
Go!
About
About MSA
History
Mission and Vision
MSA Council
Committees
Meeting Minutes & Bylaws
Get Involved in the Society
Become a Member
Donate to MSA
Honorary Members
Contact Us
Events
MSA Events
Microscopy & Microanalysis 2021
Future MSA Events
Past MSA Events
Other Microscopy Events
Microscopy Today Webinars
Publications
MSA Publications
Microscopy Today
Microscopy and Microanalysis
MSA Update
MSA Book Series
Education
Educational Opportunities
Project MICRO
CEMT Certification Program
Education Book List
Video Library
Microscopy Links
CEMUs
Awards & Scholarships
Awards & Scholarships
Society Awards
MSA Fellows
M&M Awards and Travel Support
Undergraduate Research Scholarship Program
Microscopy Today Micrograph Awards
Onsite Awards
Resources
Resources
Member Resources
University Resources
Student Resources
Strategic Initiatives
Placement Office/Job Openings
Education Book List
Archives Booklist
Image Collection
Microscopy Listserver
Ask a Microscopist
Standards & Scientific Data
Communities
Communities
Local Affiliated Societies
Focused Interest Groups (FIG)
Technologists' Forum
Certified Microscopists
International
Sister Societies
Students
Students
The Student Council (StC)
StC Officer Responsibilities
MSA Student Bursary Program at M&M
Student Council Media Links
X60 Pre-meeting Congress
Student Networking Opportunities
Scholarships, Awards and Recognition
Sustaining Members
Sustaining Member Directory
Sustaining Member Benefits
Sustaining Member News
Members Portal
My MSA
Vote in the MSA Council Elections
Council/Committee Portal
Membership Directory
Membership Renewal Online
FIG Store
Meeting Minutes
Update Profile
Join MSA
Donate to MSA
Contact Us
News
Home
Privacy Policy
Microscopy Society of America Privacy Policy
The Microscopy Society of America (MSA or the Society) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains our data practices regarding Personal Data (as defined below).
For the purpose of this document a Client is defined as follows:
i. MSA member or member of a Society with a business relationship with MSA (ie MAS or joining Societies for the Microscopy and Microanalysis meetings)
ii.	Microscopy and Microanalysis meeting attendee as well as other MSA supported meetings
iii. Subscriber to any component of the MSA Publication Portfolio
iv.	Authors and co-authors of a paper in any component of the MSA Publication Portfolio
v. Subscribers to services provided on behalf of MSA (i.e., Microscopy Listserve).
Information that we collect may be in connection with:
i. Membership services provided through the MSA website (www.microscopy.org where you can learn more about MSA services, and request
information and content)
ii. MSA sponsored events you may attend (for example, the Microscopy and Microanalysis Annual Meeting).
iii. Submission of a manuscript to the MSA publication portfolio
iv. Subscribing to an MSA sponsored publication or website
By using our Website, you consent to policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Website.
Our Collection of Your Personal Data
The Society collects and uses information that, alone or in combination with other information, could be used to identify you ("Personal Data") in order to deliver our services, process applications to join MSA, inform you of various opportunities, and provide support, as described below (please also see the "How We Use Information" section below).
Personal Data That You Voluntarily Provide To Us. The Society primarily collects Personal Data provided to us by individuals when they interact with our services. For example, you may voluntarily provide us with Personal Data when you join the society, register for meetings, subscribe to one of our publications, submit a web form, submit a paper for any of our publications, submit a micrograph for our micrograph competitions or other purposes, apply for grants or scholarships, apply for certification, submit award nominations, call or email us directly, request an overview of our services, or submit your business card.
The types of Personal Data that we collect vary based on the services offered on the Websites, but generally include your name, address, telephone number, company name, job title, e-mail address, and other information that you voluntarily submit to us.
You should carefully consider whether you wish to submit Personal Data via our secure submission sites. You should also review any additional terms and conditions that may govern your use of our services.
Information Received from Other Sources. We may receive information about you from publicly available and third-party databases or services that provide information about business people and companies, or from third parties from whom we have purchased information (including an individual's name, job title, business contact information, and information about the business where the individual works), and combine this data with information we already have about you. This may include your Personal Data provided by a colleague or co-author during submission of a manuscript for publication in the MSA publication portfolio. This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new clients, and provide services that may be of interest to you. We will obtain your consent before subsequent contact with you if required by the law of the country in which you are located.
Automatically Collected Data. As you interact on our Websites, we may collect information about your computer or device and visits to our Websites ("Automatically Collected Data") through cookies, web beacons and other technologies, Internet Protocol (IP) address tracking/URL tracking, and other tools (collectively, "Tracking Technologies"). While not a complete list, the types of Automatically Collected Data collected on our Websites through the use of these and other tools that we may add from time to time may include: the search terms you used, new or returning user information, browser information, computer or device type, operating system, internet service provider, website usage, referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, number of clicks, and ads viewed. Please see the "Tracking Technologies" section below to learn more about how we use Tracking Technologies.
Service Data. In providing our services to Clients we may process information, including Personal Data that has been uploaded to the MSA database. Our Clients may decide what data to submit relevant to their specific interaction with our websites. We only collect such information
and have no direct relationship with the individuals whose Personal Data we process.
How We Use Information
Provide our services and respond
to requests. We use the Personal
Data we collect
from you (unless otherwise
restricted by law) to:
Provide you support or other services you have requested from us. For EU Data Subjects, such use is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us.
Respond directly to your information requests (including registrations or other specific requests) or other inquiries. For EU Data Subjects, such use is necessary to respond to or implement your request prior to entering an interaction with us.
Marketing. We may also use your contact information to contact you by email or by phone regarding information that we think may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive marketing materials, brochures, or emails from MSA you may inform us of your preference by updating communication preferences in your online profile, sending a letter or calling MSA at the contact information below. You may also unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of our e-mails.
Where required by the applicable law (for example, if you are an EU Data Subject), we will send you marketing information or notifications only with your consent, which was given at the time you provided us with your Personal Data. In such case, if you do not provide us with your consent to the processing of your Personal Data for this purpose, we will not send you this information, (please refer to the "EU Data Subjects" section below for information on your rights). For California residents, please consult the "Your Privacy Rights" section below for additional considerations.
With your permission, we may also use information you provide to us as a testimonial posted on our Websites.
Correspondence. If you correspond with MSA via e-mail, the postal service, our web forms, or other form of communication, we may retain the correspondence and the information it contains. We may use the information for business purposes, including responding to your inquiry, notifying you of MSA related opportunities, and other marketing purposes (please read the Marketing section above for more information on our marketing practices and how to opt out or unsubscribe).
URL and IP Address. The Society collects information about users' IP addresses, including users' utilization of our Websites, to help us design our Websites to better suit our Website users' needs. We may use information about your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Websites, analyze trends, track visitor movements, and gather information that assists us in identifying visitor preferences. We also may use your IP address to enhance our security and investigate an actual or potential security incident. For EU Data Subjects, this use of your information is necessary for our legitimate interests in understanding how the Websites and our Services are being used by you, to improve your experience when using our websites, and ensuring network and information security. For more information about what we mean by legitimate interests, and when we may process Personal Data for our legitimate interests, please see the "EU Data Subjects" section below.
Aggregated Data. We may also compile, anonymize and/or aggregate Personal Data and other information collected about Websites' visitors, as described in this Privacy Policy, and use such anonymized and/or aggregated data for our business purposes, including disclosing such data to our partners, service providers, advertisers and/or other third parties for marketing or promotional purposes. This aggregate information does not identify you. For EU Data Subjects, this use of your Personal Data is necessary for our legitimate interests in understanding how our Websites, products and services are being used by you and to improve your experience when interacting with MSA. For more information about what we mean by legitimate interests, and when we may process Personal Data for our legitimate interests, please see the "EU Data Subjects" section below.
Service Data. Our use of information collected through the Platforms on behalf of our Clients is limited to the purpose of providing the service(s) requested from MSA and is governed by our contract with the clients and their own privacy policies.
Disclosure of Information
The Society discloses Personal Data that we collect (described above) in accordance with the terms set forth in this section.
We share your Personal Data with third parties who provide certain services to us to assist us in meeting business operation needs. These parties are authorized to process your Personal Data, on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions, only as necessary to provide these services to us. We share your Personal Data with the following service providers:
Providers of payment processing and accounting, as necessary to process payment from our Clients
Providers helping us fulfill subscription services (such as Cambridge University Press, The Sheridan Group)
Providers of research and analytics services, including Google Analytics
Providers of cloud computing infrastructure services
We may also disclose Personal Data to third parties in the following circumstances: (1) if you request or authorize disclosure
(when required by the law, we will inform you in advance of the third parties to which we may provide your data and the purpose for doing so, and we will obtain your prior consent for such use); (2) the information is provided (a) to comply with the law (for example, to comply with a search warrant, subpoena or other legal process), (b) to enforce an agreement we have with you, (c) to protect our rights, property or safety, or the rights, property or safety of our employees or others, (d) to investigate fraud, or (e) to respond to a government request or to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (3) to address emergencies or acts of God; (4) to address disputes, claims, or to persons holding a legal or beneficial interest; (5) if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, in which case your Personal Data and other information may be transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction along with other assets.
We collect, store and process the information from our Websites and Apps in the U.S. If you are outside the U.S., then your Personal Data and other information will be transferred to the U.S. The data privacy and data protection laws outside your country may offer less protection than the laws in your country. By using our services, the Websites and/or Apps or otherwise providing us with your Personal Data, you agree to the transfer of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to such cross-border transfers of your Personal Data, please do not submit it through the Websites and/or Apps.
The Websites use interfaces with social media websites or platforms that are owned and/or controlled by third parties, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others ("Social Media Sites"). If you choose to "like" or share information from a Website through any Social Media Sites, if you are a member of a Social Media Site that interfaces on our Websites we may allow the Social Media Site to connect your website visit to your Personal Data. The information that you share with the Social Media Sites will be governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the Social Media Sites and not by this Privacy Policy. You should review the privacy policy of that Social Media Site before choosing to access and use any Social Media Sites, including interacting with our pages on those sites.
How You Can Access and Change Information
The Society acknowledges that you have the right to access your Personal Data. In case you request us to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
Upon request, MSA will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Data. You can update or correct your Personal Data or remove it from our system by making a request to us at the contact information provided below. Requests typically receive a response within thirty (30) days. If access cannot be provided within that time frame, we will provide the requesting party with an estimated date by which the information will be provided. If for some reason access is denied, we will provide an explanation of why access has been denied.
If you are an EU Data Subject, please see the "EU Data Subject" section below for information on your rights in relation to the Personal Data we hold about you.
EU Data Subjects
Scope. This section applies if you are an individual located in the European Union or European Economic Area (collectively, "EU") ("EU Data Subject"). For these purposes, reference to the EU also includes the European Economic Area countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway and, where applicable, Switzerland.
Data Controller. The Society is the data controller for the processing of your Personal Data.
Your Rights. Subject to applicable law, you have the following rights in relation to your Personal Data:
Right of access: If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data and, if so, provide you with a copy of that Personal Data (along with certain other details). If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.
Right to rectification: If your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have it rectified or completed. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the rectification where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to erasure: You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data and we will do so in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it (we may not delete your data when other interests outweigh your right to deletion). If we have shared your data with others, we will tell them about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to restrict processing: You may ask us to restrict or ‘block' the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of that Personal Data or object to us processing it. We will tell you before we lift any restriction on processing. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the restriction where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to data portability: Effective 25 May 2018, you have the right to obtain your Personal Data from us that you consented to give us or that is necessary to perform a contract with you. We will give you your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You may reuse it elsewhere.
Right to object: You may ask us at any time to stop processing your Personal Data, and we will do so:
If we are relying on a
legitimate interest to process your Personal Data — unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing; or
If we are processing your Personal
Data for direct marketing.
Rights in
relation
to automated decision-making and profiling: You have the right to be free from decisions based solely on automated processing of your Personal Data, including profiling, that affect you, unless such processing is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us or you provide your explicit consent to such processing.
Right to withdraw
consent: If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your prior consent.
Right to lodge a complaint
with the data protection authority: If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we have handled your Personal Data, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns.
You may exercise your rights by contacting us as indicated under "Contact Us" section below.
Legitimate Interest. "Legitimate interests" means the interests of MSA in conducting and managing our organization. For example, we have a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to analyze how the Websites, Apps and our services are being used by you, and to ensure network and information security, as described in this Privacy Policy. When we process your Personal Data for our legitimate interests, we make sure to consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights under data protection laws. Our legitimate interests do not automatically override your interests. We will not use your Personal Data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you, unless we have your consent, or those activities are otherwise required or permitted by law. You have the right to object to processing that is based on our legitimate interests. For more information on your rights, please see "Your Rights" section above.
Retention Of Personal Data
Personal data that we process will not be retained for longer than is necessary for the purpose(s) for which it has been obtained. In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained.
Notwithstanding any contrary provisions in this Policy, however, we may retain your Personal Data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Our Security Measures to Protect Your Personal Data
We are committed to taking reasonable efforts to secure the information that you choose to provide us, and we use a variety of security procedures to help protect against unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure, or destruction of Personal Data. We restrict access to Personal Data to our employees, contractors and service providers (described in the "Disclosure of Information" section above) who need to know the information to operate, develop, or improve our services.
Unfortunately, no transmission of Personal Data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, and despite our efforts, MSA cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, or to or from our online services.
The Society has no responsibility or liability for the security of information transmitted via the Internet. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or the security of your Personal Data, please contact us as indicated under the "Contact Us" section below.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. We retain Personal Data collected through the Platforms we process on behalf of our Clients for as long as needed to provide services to our Client and pursuant to our contract with that Client.
Tracking Technologies
The Society a uses cookies and other technologies to analyze trends, administer the Website, track users' movements around the Website, to gather demographic information about our user base and to collect information about your browsing habits to make advertising relevant to you and your interests, as described below.
When you first visit the Website, you will be asked to consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies on the Website in accordance with this Policy, and if you accept we will store cookies and similar technologies on your computer.
I. What Are Cookies
Cookies are pieces of data sent to your browser when you visit a website and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. For example, cookies can store your session information for easy log-in to a website or platform, or your language or user interface customization preferences or may allow websites to record your browsing activities (for example, number of page views, number of visitors, and time spent on each page).
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for a set period or until you delete it.
II.	How We Use Cookies
We classify cookies in the following categories:
Categories of Use
Purpose
Strictly Necessary
These cookies allow to link the actions of a user during a browser session to allow navigation around web pages, access to secure areas of the Websites or Platforms and help make the services available through our Websites and Platforms work. Without these cookies, basic functions of the Website would not work.
You can block or delete these cookies by changing the browser settings as explained below
Analytics
These cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Website when they are
using it. This helps us to improve the way our Website works, for example by
making sure visitors are finding what they need easily. The information
collected through these cookies include anonymous traffic statistics, like
number of page views, number of visitors, and time spent on each page.
We use cookies from Google Analytics, a web analytics
service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). The information collected
by Google (including your internet protocol (IP) address) will be transmitted
to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this
information on our behalf for evaluating your use of the Website, compiling
reports on the Websites activity and providing further services to us
relating to the Websites usage. Learn more about Google Analytics' privacy
practices, and see a copy of Google's privacy policy, at the following link: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en&ref_topic=2919631.
You can block or delete these cookies by changing the
browser settings as explained below.
You can also prevent your data from being collected by
Google Analytics on the Website by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser at the
following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
In their use of our services, Clients' may enable various integrations which may set additional cookies. These cookies are set and controlled by Clients for various purposes such as website usage tracking and analytics and enabling social media features. The Society does not control the placement of such cookies. Use of these cookies is governed by the Client's own privacy and cookie policies.
Other Technologies
The Society may use a tracking technique that employs embedded URLs to allow use of the Websites without cookies. Embedded URLs allow limited information to follow you as you navigate the Websites but are not associated with Personal Data and are not used beyond the session.
The Society and its service providers may use embedded pixel technologies (or pixel tags) for the purposes of identifying unique user visits (as opposed to aggregate hits) and for advertising purposes. In addition, embedded pixels or other technologies may be used in e-mails to provide information on when the e-mail was opened to track marketing campaign responsiveness; information collected using these technologies may be associated with the recipient's e-mail address.
We may use widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that run on our site to provide specific services from another company (e.g., links to bookmarked sites), along with buttons or other tools that link to other companies' services (e.g., a "Like" button or third-party map). The widget, button or tool may collect and automatically send Personal Data, such as your e-mail address, or other Information (such as your browser information, or IP address), to a third party. Cookies may also be set or used by the widgets, buttons or tools to enable them to function properly or for other purposes, which may include advertising. Information collected or used by a widget, button or tool, including cookie settings and preferences, is governed by the privacy policy of the company that created it.
IIII. Your Choices
On most web browsers, you will find a "help" section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive a notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. Please see the links below for guidance on how to modify your web browser's settings on the most popular browsers:
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Apple Safari
Please note that if you reject cookies or disable cookies, your use of certain features or functions on our Website may be limited.
To
find out more about cookies
and similar technologies, including how to see what cookies
and similar technologies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org and/or or the Network Advertising Initiative's online
resources, at http://www.networkadvertising.org, and follow the opt-out
instructions there. If you access the Websites on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking
technologies through the settings.
Inapplicability of Privacy
Policies of Any Linked Websites or Other Third Parties
This Privacy Policy only addresses MSA use and disclosure of your Personal Data. The Websites and Apps may contain links to other websites, so please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites, and we are not liable for their misuse of Personal Data. We encourage you to be aware that when you go to another website you should carefully read their privacy policy.
California Privacy Rights
In addition to the information provided in this Privacy Policy, under California's "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide "personal information" (as defined in the statute) in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us, once a calendar year, information about the personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of personal information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared such personal information for the immediately prior calendar year. To obtain this information, please contact us by sending a letter or calling us at the contact information below. You may also submit a contact form electronically through the Websites.
Children
The Websites and Apps are not intended for use by or targeted at children under 13, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children under 13. Children under 13 should not use the Website or Apps.
Conditions of Use
By using the Websites and our services, you agree to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy and Conditions of Use and/or any other agreement that we might have with you. If you do not agree to any of these terms and conditions, you should not use the Website and/or any MSA benefits or services. You agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy and Conditions of Use and any other agreement we have with you will be governed by the laws of Delaware. You also agree to arbitrate any such dispute in Dover, DE, and to abide by any limitation on damages contained in any agreement we may have with you.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
As MSA, and its services change from time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason, and may do so by posting a new version online. Your continued use of the Website and/or continued provision of Personal Data to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes or if otherwise required by the applicable law, we will notify you by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Us
If
you have any questions about this Privacy
Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please
contact as at:
Address: Drohan Management Group
11130
Sunrise Valley Drive,
Suite 350 Reston,
VA 20191
Phone: 703-234-4147
Email: privacy@microscopy.org
Last updated June 6, 2018 (BP)