http://www.process-worldwide.com/privacy/
Newsletter
Whitepaper
Webinars
Newsletter
Whitepaper
Webinars
News
Control & Automation
Engineering
Ex Protection & Safety
Pharma & Food
Pumps & Compressors
Topics
Water Treatment
Powder Bulk Handling
Business & Economics
Heat Transfer
Operation & Maintenance
Events
Oil & Gas
PROCESS Milestones
Bioprocess Technology
Compressed Air Technology /Compressors
Digitization/IIoT
Explosion Protection/Pressure Relief
Instrumentation
Interface Technology/Connectivity
Powder & Bulk Solids Technology
Process Automation
Pump Technology
Safety Technology
Separation Technology
Software
Technical Gases / Industrial Gases
Thermal Processing
Vacuum Technology
Valve Technology/Fluid Control
Service
Galleries
Videos
Companies
Digital Issue
News
Control & Automation
Latest Articles in "Control & Automation"
Engineering
Latest Articles in "Engineering"
Ex Protection & Safety
Latest Articles in "Ex Protection & Safety"
Pharma & Food
Latest Articles in "Pharma & Food"
Pumps & Compressors
Latest Articles in "Pumps & Compressors"
Topics
Water Treatment
Powder Bulk Handling
Business & Economics
Heat Transfer
Operation & Maintenance
Events
Achema
Oil & Gas
Latest Articles in "Topics"
PROCESS Milestones
Bioprocess Technology
Compressed Air Technology /Compressors
Digitization/IIoT
Explosion Protection/Pressure Relief
Instrumentation
Interface Technology/Connectivity
Powder & Bulk Solids Technology
Process Automation
Pump Technology
Safety Technology
Separation Technology
Software
Technical Gases / Industrial Gases
Thermal Processing
Vacuum Technology
Valve Technology/Fluid Control
Latest Articles in "PROCESS Milestones"
Service
Galleries
Videos
Companies
Digital Issue
more...
Login
Privacy policy
Stand vom 30.10.2020
For us, privacy comes first. With this privacy policy, we would like to inform you how we process your personal data when you use these websites and the services offered there.
Content
Controller and privacy officer
Purposes and legal basis for the processing of personal data
What personal data is processed?
Storage duration of your personal data
Recipients of data
Your rights
Can the processing of personal data or this privacy policy change?
Cookie policy
How are cookie used?
Your options regarding cookies and the legal basis for cookie use
Other special processing
Editorial newsletter (via e-mail) and e-mail success
Measurement
Registration for events via doo.net
Participation in affiliate partner programmes
Online meeting; conference calls; and web-bades seminars via "zoom"
Information on data privacy for virtual events on the platform of the provider mayflower
Applications
Google Maps
Controller and privacy officer
The Vogel Communications Group GmbH & Co. KG (hereinafter: “Vogel”), Max-Planckstr. 7-9, 97082 Würzburg, https://support.vogel.de is the controller for the processing of personal data within the scope of these websites and the services offered on these websites in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").
For questions or comments on the topic of data protection, please contact Vogel’s privacy officer (address: see above, e-mail: datenschutz@vogel.de).
Purposes and legal basis for the processing of personal data
As part of our range of services we process your personal data in order to be able to offer customer-oriented services. Wherever possible, we give you the opportunity to decide for yourself, which data you would like to share with us.
We process your data for the purposes mentioned below on the legal basis provided for each case.
As we require your consent for certain processing purposes, we will expressly ask for it when necessary. In these cases, processing data will occur in accordance with Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. a GDPR. Direct advertising via phone or e-mail can be an example of this. Additionally, as part of some of our services, you can for example use e-mail to sign up for further editorial newsletters. Further information on this, including your right to revoke your consent, can be found in the editorial newsletters (e.g. via e-mail) and e-mail success measurement section.
For analyses, statistical evaluations, targeting and re-targeting on these websites, e.g. in order to advertise to you, we use products from other providers, which are based on the so-called cookie technology and other things. The basis for this is your consent in accordance with § 15 sec. 3 s. 1 TMG in conjunction with art. 5 sec. 3 s. 1 ePrivacy Directive. Information on data processing using cookie-based technologies and the tools used for this purpose, as well as on your rights to halt the use of these technical processes, can be found in the cookie policy section.
You can revoke your respective consent at will. Information on this can be found in the Your rights section and the following sections, specifically detailing consent-based processing (e.g. in the  editorial newsletters (e.g. via e-Mail) and e-mail success measurement or cookie policy sections).
If a contract is concluded between you and us, we will process your data for the purpose of fulfilling this contract on the basis of Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. b GDPR. In particular, this is necessary for the following purposes:
Purchasing products or services on the basis of a contractual arrangement with you.
Registration for events (on-/offline), e.g. public or non-public fairs or events. In this case, we process your personal data to support the participants of our events with planning, registration, participation, and the follow-up of an event, and to provide them with all necessary and useful information.
Registration on portals and access to information services, e.g. for the offer of specialist information that you can use to either inform yourself about product and services offered in the respective branches, or to inform others of your products and services.
Personalisation of our offers to improve your user experience on our portals:
Once you register for one of our services or offers and accept our general terms of use for registered users, our goal in processing your personal data is to provide you with a special user experience in the Vogel Media World catering to your needs and interests, and to present to you offers that are custom-tailored for your information and communication needs. Our goal and one of our contractual obligations is to provide a custom, interest-based user experience in the Vogel Media World including user-focused content and offer personalisation.
Offer of special services, including consultation in the  area of development and execution of marketing campaigns, consultation on how to better reach your marketing goals, including the improvement of your customer master data, market research, consultation and implementation of events for customers or employees, agency services and communication services.
Empowering you to use our service to market yourself via our communication channels, e.g. in our print products, on our online portals, in our newsletters, or as a cooperation partner at fairs or other events.
Granting access to user-generated content, e.g. by creating comments on articles on the portals or by creating contributions on the basis of our general terms of use for registered users or separate author arrangements.
Processing and billing in case you use one of our charged services.
In cases other than those mentioned above, the basis for processing is the protection of our legitimate interests according to art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR, in particular offering customer-oriented services and advertising identical and similar products from our product portfolio. In these cases, processing occurs for the following purposes:
Advertising products and offers to better provide users or customers with information tailored to their interests and needs.
Adequate design of our offers.
Conducting advertisement success studies.
Market research, e.g. online surveys.
Acquisition of new customers
Contacting for event advertising.
Advertising via e-mail to promote similar products or services, granted your e-mail address was provided in the course of the sale of a product or service (cf. art. 7 sec. 3 of the German Act against Unfair Competition (UWG)).
Ensuring the security of our own IT systems, the optimisation, and the functionality of our websites by saving technical usage data in log files
Generally, you have a corresponding right to object if the processing takes place on the basis of our legitimate interests (see Your rights section below). There is no right to object in the case of the collection of technical usage data for the display of our websites and the storage of this data in log files for the purposes listed in this section.
Some data needs to be collected and processed by us due to mandatory legal regulations. The basis for this case is art. 6 sec. 1 lit. c GDPR. This is the case, if, for example, we are obligated to transfer data, e.g. to law enforcement on the basis of a legal obligation or if we have to store data for a certain period of time on the basis of legal regulations such as commercial or tax regulations.
What personal data is processed?
We process the data that we need for the purposes stated in this privacy policy. If you are a registered user, we process your name, your function and position in the company, your job title, your field of activity, the industry of your company, the markets in which your company is active or wants to be active. In addition, your address and your electronic contact details, if necessary. If you are an existing customer, we store all accounting data that we need to invoice our services, potentially including your bank details, your conditions with us and tax-related data.
If you as an author (e.g. according to section 5.2 of our general terms of use for registered users as so-called contributor user) write articles for us, we process your contributions, authorship, and information and communication with you in connection with the execution of the contract. In addition, we are obligated by copyright law to publish your name as the author, unless you have expressly waived your right to be named. This applies to all types of usage categories and media on which the contribution is published, specified in section 5.3.7 of the general terms of use for registered users.
For the optimization of our offers, we may store additional data, e.g. publicly accessible data on your company, or compare the topicality of your data with data from suitable, openly available databases.
Additionally, we collect data regarding your interests, which we derive from your inquiries and the use of our online portals, in order to only provide you with offers that match your wishes and interests. If we use technical procedures for this purpose, e.g. on the basis of cookie technology, you can find further information and your respective rights in the section on cookie policy.
As part of the success measurement of our editorial newsletters (see section editorial newsletters (e.g. by e-mail) and e-mail success measurement), we process information news and offers you access and click on. This is also part of the contractual services which we offer to you, e.g. on the basis of our general terms of use for registered users.
Some data is also transmitted automatically (mainly technical usage data). Your computer automatically shares information with us, such as IP address, browser type, or access times for your use of our online portals. This data is vital for us to optimally present our offers in accordance with your hardware.
Storage duration of your personal data
We store your data as long as required in order to provide our services, meet contract obligations, or if we have a legitimate interest in longer storage.
If  processing is based on your consent or on one of our legitimate interests, the data concerned will no longer be processed for the associated purpose after your revocation or objection has been receives and will be deleted if necessary, excluding legal grounds for data storage. Regardless, data stored on the basis of commercial or tax law will only be deleted after the statutory periods have expired. With the regular limitation period being three years, the duration of storage also depends on statutory limitation periods, which can be up to thirty years, for example according to §§ 195 ff. of the German Civil Code (BGB).
Under certain circumstances, your data must also be stored longer, e.g. if, in case of official or legal procedures, data deletion is prohibited for the duration of the procedure.
Information on the storage period of the cookies we use can be found in the cookie policy.
Recipients of data
Joint responsibility of the companies within the Vogel Group
Data is stored and processed within the Vogel group of companies [including Vogel's cooperation partners and their affiliated companies as defined in §§ 15 ff. AktG] at Vogel Communications Group GmbH & Co KG, Max-Planckstr. 7-9, 97082 Würzburg, and used in joint responsibility with the companies involved for the purposes stated in the section purposes and legal basis. A list of the companies in the Vogel Group can be found here. These companies are additionally bound by a separate data protection arrangement on joint responsibility (Art. 26 GDPR), and are limited in the processing of your personal data to the purposes stated in this privacy policy. Please address your rights mentioned in the section "exercising your rights" to Vogel Communications Group GmbH & Co KG using the contact details found in the section controller and privacy officer or at https://support.vogel.de. However, you are free to address your rights to any other company in the Vogel Group [or to the cooperation partners involved and the companies affiliated with them according to §§ 15 ff. AktG].
Order processing
We sometimes hire service providers to help us process personal data on our behalf. We have bound these service providers to us by an order processing contract in such a way that they may only process the data for our business purposes and on our instructions. These service providers primarily include technical service providers (including affiliated companies) for the maintenance, hosting, and support of our IT infrastructure including this website, as well as service providers for mailings, lead campaigns, and other marketing measures.
Tracking and other cookie technology service providers
Tracking and other technical procedures based on cookie technology and implemented on our websites are provided by third parties and data is also passed on to them. For information on the cookie procedures in use and the corresponding third party providers offering the technical tools, please refer to the section Cookie policy.
Transfer of your data to third parties
With your consent, we also pass on your data to those customers whose services you have accessed using one of our online portals (e.g. the white paper of a particular manufacturer). When accessing the service, we inform you which company this concerns and prior to downloading corresponding content, you can decide whether you consent to this company using your data and whether you want to download this external service. When it comes to privacy law, these companies are responsible. This transfer only occurs for the purposes of advertising, market or opinion research.
Articles and other published information about the authors can be accessed by registered users worldwide. When articles are published in digital media, they can be found by search engines and linked to other information, which may be used to create personality profiles of the authors. If you consent to publications, content may, without us having any influence on the distribution through users, "multiply" through sharing of the original publication and be used for purposes beyond our control.
Transfer of data to third countries
Generally, we do not transfer your data to other countries or third countries (countries that are neither members of the European Union nor of the European Economic Area) or to international organisations. Exceptionally, data may be transferred to third countries if this is necessary to provide services to you, if it is required by law, or if we have your consent. Some of the service providers that process personal data on our behalf are located in third countries that do not offer the same level of protection for your personal data as in the EU, due to - amongst others - the lack of laws, lack of rights, or lack of supervision in said countries. Some recipients, especially the providers of social media channels or registered users who process your data, are also located in said third countries. Personal data is only transferred to said third countries outside of the EU if the European Commission has adopted a so-called adequacy decision in this regard (article 45 sec. 3 GDPR) (see here) or if safeguards in accordance with article 46 GDPR are in place, in particular standard data protection clauses issued by the European Commission in accordance with article 46 sec. 2 lit. c GDPR (see here). You can obtain a copy of these upon request (e.g. by e-mail) - for contact details see section controller and data protection officer above or at https://support.vogel.de.
Information on possible transfers of your data to third countries can also be found in the privacy policies of the recipients that make transfers to third countries. You can also find information on this under advanced settings of our cookie management tool, where our cookie-based processing is explained.
Your Rights
Provided that the legal requirements are met, you as a data subject are entitled to the following rights in accordance with articles 12 to 21 GDPR.
Information:
You have the right to request information about your personal data stored and the scope of our data processing and transfer and to receive a copy of your stored personal data.
Rectification:
You have the right to request without delay the rectification of personal data concerning you and stored about you, if this data is incomplete or incorrect.
Erasure:
You have the right to demand the immediate erasure of your personal data stored by us if the legal requirements are met. This is particularly the case if your personal data are no longer needed for the purposes for which they were collected; the exclusive legal basis for data processing was consent which you since have revoked. you have objected to processing on the basis of legitimate interests (Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR) for personal reasons and we are unable to prove that there are overriding legitimate reasons for processing; your personal data have been processed unlawfully; or your personal data must be erased in order to comply with laws. If we have passed on your data to third parties, we will inform them about the erasure, within the scope required by law. Please note the restrictions regarding your right of erasure. For example, we are not allowed to erase data that we are required to retain by law. Data that we need to assert, exercise, or defend legal claims are also excluded from your right of erasure.
Restriction of processing:
You have the right to request restriction of processing if one of the following conditions is met: You dispute the accuracy of the personal data and we need to verify the accuracy of the personal data. The processing is unlawful, you object to the erasure of personal data and instead demand the use of personal data be restricted. Whereas we no longer need your personal data for the purposes of processing, you need the data to assert, exercise, or defend legal claims. You have filed an objection to the processing and it is yet to be determined whether our legitimate reasons override yours. In the event of a restriction of processing, the data will be blocked centrally and - apart from your own copies - processed only with your consent or for the purpose of asserting, exercising, or defending legal claims or protecting the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the EU or an EU Member State.
Data transferability:
If we automatically process the personal data you have provided to us on the basis of your consent or a contract with you (including your employment contract), you have the right to receive the data in a structured, common, and machine-readable format and to transfer this data to another controller without our interference. You also have the right to request direct transfer of personal data to another controller, given technical feasibility.
Objection:
If we process your personal data for legitimate interests or in the public interest, you have the right to object to the processing of your data for personal reasons. Furthermore, you have an unlimited objection right if we process your data for our direct advertising. Please see our separate note in the section "Your right of objection" below.
Revocation of consent:
If you have given your consent to the processing of your personal data, you can revoke this consent at any time. Please note that the revocation is only effective for the future. Processing prior to the revocation is not affected. Specific information on how you may revoke your consent can be found in our online offers when your consent is specifically requested and in the following sections of this data protection policy: -        Editorial newsletters (e.g. by e-mail) and e-mail success measurement -        Cookie policy
Complaints:
Additionally, you have the right of lodging a complaint with a supervisory authority in accordance with Art. 77 GDPR, § 19 Bundesdatenschutzgesetz (BDSG), if you believe that your personal data is being processed unlawfully. The right of complaint is independent of any other administrative or judicial remedy.
Your right to object Based on your personal situation, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data which is carried out on the basis of article 6, sec. 1, lit. f GDPR at any time, including profiling based on these provisions.
We will no longer process your personal data unless we can provide compelling reasons worthy of protection for processing which outweigh your interests, rights, and freedoms, or the processing serves to assert, exercise, or defend legal claims.
If your personal data are processed for the purpose of direct advertising, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of said marketing, including profiling related to said direct advertising.
If you object to processing for direct advertising purposes, your personal data will no longer be processed for these purposes.
You may exercise your right to object in connection with the use of information society services by means of automated procedures involving technical specifications, regardless of directive 2002/58/EC.
To exercise your rights, you can contact the controller. The contact details can be found in the section Controller and Privacy Officer or by using the contact form https://support.vogel.de.
Can the processing of personal data or this privacy policy change?
We constantly monitor the handling of personal data based on privacy regulations and make adjustments if necessary. Please take regular note of our privacy policy which presents the current status of our handling of personal data. Any changes will be announced here as well as in your user account. In the case of contractual changes, which affect e.g. the processing of your data for the fulfilment of the contract and the personalisation of our offer, we will additionally inform you separately via e-mail.
Cookie policy
"Cookies" are files stored on your computer when you visit this website and which your browser "remembers". A cookie file is saved in your web browser and allows the website or a third party provider to identify you and to better tailor the website to you on your next visit. Cookies and tracking pixels allow us to better and more efficiently provide our services to you, and to optimize your experience on our website.
Counting pixels are small graphics files that are connected to our servers and allow us to track your use of our website and its features. Additionally, we use tracking pixels or GIF files to support online advertising and to measure reach if necessary. Thus, we can evaluate the number of visitors to our website and the advertisements accessed by them. The information collected through cookies or GIF files does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address.
How are cookies used?
When you access and use our websites, a number of cookie files are saved in your web browser which are essential to the operation and presentation of our websites. These cookies are absolutely technically necessary, e.g. session cookies or cookies that store certain settings for your device (e.g. language, resolution, volume, page transitions). Additionally, we use not absolutely technically necessary cookies which are mainly implemented by third parties in order to compile statistics on the use of the website and to make our marketing efforts more targeted.
Detailed information regarding cookie-based applications can be found in the advanced settings of our cookie management tool. You will find a list of cookies used on our websites under cookies in our cookie management tool.
Your options regarding cookies and the legal basis for cookie use
Each time you visit our websites, you can actively consent to the use of cookies that are not technically necessary for our websites to run (normally all third-party cookies) via the cookie management tool that is displayed. Cookies that are not necessary for our websites to run will not be set until you give consent. You can revoke your consent to the use of cookies and the associated processing at any time using the cookie management tool.
The legal basis for this permission-based cookie-based processing is § 15 sec. 3 s. 1 Telemediengesetz (TMG) in connection with art. 5 sec. 3 ePrivacy Directive, otherwise art. 6 sec.1 lit. f GDPR (our legitimate interest in the purposes described in detail in our cookie management tool).
In order to delete cookies yourself or to set up your web browser to delete or prevent cookies, access the help section of your web browser and choose the appropriate settings.
Other special processing
Editorial newsletters (e.g. by e-mail) and e-mail success measurement
We offer the possibility to subscribe to editorial newsletters on our website for free Thereby, the data required for your registration is transmitted to us:
1.     First and last name
2.     Company name
3.     Business e-mail address
4.     Job title
5.     Field of activity
6.     Department
7.     Career level
8.     Main and sub branch
9.     Company size
10.  Potentially: interests
Additionally, the following (usually technical) data is collected during the registration:
1.     Accessing computer IP address
2.     Date and time of registration
During registration, you will be asked to consent to the processing of data and you will be referred to this privacy policy. Detailed content of the declaration of consent and further information on your consent can be found here.
The legal basis for the processing of data after registration by the user is the fulfilment of the contract in accordance with art. 6 sec, 1 lit. b GDPR, or the consent of the user (art. 6 sec. 1 lit a GDPR). The same applies to the dispatch of editorial newsletters; the additional legal basis here is art. 7 sec. 2 nr. 3 UWG.
Your e-mail address is collected in order to send the newsletter. The collection of other personal data during the registration process is used to prevent misuse of the services or of the e-mail address used.
Data will be deleted as soon as the reason for their collection no longer exists or if you exercise your right of revocation. Therefore, your e-mail address will be stored as long as there is a subscription to editorial newsletters.
Right of revocation regarding newsletters
You can revoke your subscription to editorial newsletters and any according consent at any time. For this, every editorial newsletter includes a corresponding link which can be used to unsubscribe. Alternatively, you can unsubscribe via our contact form https://support.vogel.de, or you can unsubscribe from certain newsletters via your account settings (e.g. under "My Account"), provided this is a feature of the portal where you have registered and from which you receive editorial newsletters via e-mail. Revocation does not change the lawfulness of content-based data processing that occurred up to revocation.
In our editorial newsletters, success is measured by evaluating the access rate and the click through rate. We use this to determine the level of interest in certain topics and to measure the effectiveness of our communication measures. We use data derived from this success measurement fulfil our contractual obligation to provide you with a personalised user experience in our media world on the basis of the user agreement that you enter into when registering for our services (see section purposes and legal basis). Here, the legal basis is art. 6 sec. 1 lit. b GDPR. If the evaluation does not serve the fulfilment of the contract, the legal basis is our legitimate interest in the evaluation in accordance with art. 6 sec. 1 lit f GDPR.
Right to object with regard to performance measurement
When exercising your right to revoke consent granted in order to receive editorial newsletters (see above), you can also object to the processing of your data for the purpose of success measurement. Additionally, you can terminate the user contract the registration for our services is based on at any time or, if you are a consumer, revoke it within 14 days of conclusion of the contract (for details, please see terms of use of the respective service). In the event of termination or consumer revocation, we will delete your user account including all of your personal data, and also stop success measurement, with the exception of data that is subject to a statutory retention obligation.
Registration for events via doo.net
You can register for events on our website. When you register for and participate in an event, we process your data that was either provided by you during the registration process, or collected in the course of your participation in the respective event, for the purpose of carrying out the registration and participation in the event. We send information via mail or e-mail to the contact information you provide as part of the registration to and participation in an event.
Here, the legal basis is art. 6 sec. 1 lit. b GDPR, meaning the fulfilment of the contract for participation in the respective event or the implementation of pre-contractual measures which are carried out at your request.
We use the service provider doo GmbH in Munich for the registration and management of events. Detailed information on data processing and data privay at doo can be found in the doo privacy policy at https://doo.net/de/datenschutz.html.
Participation in affiliate partner programmes
Hiq partner programme: Based on our legitimate interests (meaning interest in the economic operation of our online offer in the sense of art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR) we participate in the partner programme of Hiq. For this, we place so-called "affiliate links" on our website and by clicking said links a refund can be awarded. As an advertising sponsor, Hiq uses cookies to trace the origin of those clicking on said links. This allows Hiq to, for example, recognise that you as a visitor to our website have shown interested in this advertising by clicking on the partner link.
For more information on the processing of your data in this regard, please refer to Hiq's privacy policy: http://www.hiq.de/datenschutzerklaerung
Online meetings, conference calls, and web-based seminars via “Zoom”
Purpose: We use the tool “Zoom” for conference calls, online meetings, video conferences, and/or web-based seminars (hereinafter: “online meetings”). “Zoom” is a service provided by Zoom Video Communications, Inc., located in the USA.
Responsible party for processing data directly connected to “online meetings” is Vogel Communications Group GmbH & Co. KG, Max-Planck-Str. 7/9, 97082 Würzburg.
If you access the “Zoom” website, the provider of “Zoom” is responsible for data processing. However, accessing the website in order to use “Zoom” is only necessary to download the software required to use “Zoom”. You can also use “Zoom” by entering the respective meeting ID and potential additional access data for the meeting directly in the “Zoom” app.
In case you do not wish to use the “Zoom” app, all basic functions are available using a browser version which can also be found at the “Zoom” website.
Different types of data are being processed when using “Zoom”. The range of data depends on your personal data preferences specified prior to or during your participation in an “online meeting”.
The following personal data are subject to processing:
User information: First name, last name, telephone (optional), email address, password (if “Single-Sign-On” is not being used), profile picture (optional), department (optional)
Meeting meta data: Topic, description (optional), participants’ IP addresses, device / hardware information
For recorded sessions (optional): MP4 file of all video, audio, and presentation recordings, M4A file of all audio recordings, text file of the online meeting chat.
Joining via telephone: Information regarding Inbound and outbound phone number, country name, start and end time. Further connection data such as the device’s IP address can be saved where necessary.
Text, audio, and video data: You may have the option to use the chat, question, and survey features during an “online meeting”. In this case, your messages will be processed in order to display them in the “online meeting” and to log them if necessary. In order to allow video or audio to be played, the respective data of your device’s microphone and video camera will be processed for the duration of the meeting. Using the “Zoom” app, you can personally turn off or mute the camera or the microphone at any point.
In order to participate in an “online meeting” or to enter the “meeting room”, you need to at least provide information regarding your name.
Range of processing: We use “Zoom” to have “online meetings”. To ensure transparency, we will inform you ahead of time if we wish to record “online meetings” and will ask for your consent if needed. Additionally, the “Zoom” app will inform you of any recording taking place.
We will log chat files in case they are vital to protocol the outcomes of an online meeting. Usually, however, this will not be the case.
For web-based seminars, we can also process the questions asked by seminar participants for recording and post-processing purposes.
For registered “Zoom” users, “online meeting” reports (meeting meta data, telephone data, questions and answers in web-based seminars, survey feature in web-based seminars) can be stored for up to one month at “Zoom”.
An automated individual decision-making according to Art. 22 GDPR is not used.
Legal basis of data processing: In case of Vogel Communications Group employees processing personal data, §26 BDSG (Federal Data Protection Act) is the legal basis of data processing. If, in connection with the use of "Zoom", personal data is not required for the establishment, realisation, or termination of the employment relationship, but is nevertheless an integral part of the use of "Zoom", art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR constitutes the legal basis for data processing. We are focused on the effective conduct of "online meetings” in these cases.
Additionally, the legal basis for data processing in connection with "online meetings" is art. 6 sec. 1 lit. b GDPR for meetings held within the framework of contractual relationships.
If no contractual relationship exists, the legal basis is art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR. Here too, we are focused on the effective conduct of "online meetings".
Recipient / transfer of data: Personal data processed in connection with participation in "online meetings" will strictly not be shared with third parties, unless they are explicitly intended to be shared. Please note that contents from "online meetings" - as is the case with personal meetings - are often used to share information with customers, interested parties, or third parties and are therefore intended to be shared.
Other recipients: The provider of "Zoom" necessarily obtains knowledge of the above-mentioned data, within the scope of our data processing agreement with "Zoom".
Data processing outside of the European Union: “Zoom” is a service offered by a provider from the USA. Thus, personal data is also processed in a third country. We have formed a data processing contract with the provider of "Zoom" which meets the requirements of art. 28 GDPR and is based on the standard EU contract clauses.
Information on data privacy for virtual events on the platform of the provider Mayflower
1. Purpose of  processing
We use the platform of the provider Mayflower (hereinafter "platform") to conduct virtual events. This includes online meetings, video conferences, and/or web-based seminars, as well as live discussions (hereinafter: "virtual events").
2. Object and scope of personal data processing
Different types of data are being processed when using this platform. The scope of the data hinges on, among other things, the data you provide before or during your participation in a particular session as part of the virtual event or in certain areas of the platform (e.g. in the public event area or in the breakout room accessible to a certain number of participants).
The following personal data are subject to processing:
via the user (query at registration):
Title, first name, last name, family name
A valid e-mail address
password
Event session meta data
Topic
Description
Participants’ IP addresses
Device / hardware info
For recorded sessions (optional)
MP4 file of all video, audio, and presentation recordings
M4A file of all audio recordings
Text file of chats during the virtual event
Text files
For chat, question, or survey features: Text input in order to display or potentially log it
To participate in a virtual event or to for example join an event session or other meeting room you must at least provide your name. In the public event area (Q&A), only your first name is displayed to other participants; in the breakout room (limited to a certain number of people) your full name is displayed.
3. Legal basis for data collection:
Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. b GDPR is the legal basis for data processing during virtual events and the sessions and functions offered during the event (e.g. breakout room, participation in virtual lectures/web-based seminars). It is mandatory to enter into a user agreement to participate in the respective virtual event, which comes into effect with your registration on the platform or when accepting the respective general terms and conditions during your separate registration for the virtual event.
If no contractual relationship exists, the legal basis is art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR. Here too, we are focused on the effective conduct of the respective virtual event.
4. Data transfer to third parties, other recipients
As a rule, personal data processed in connection with participation in "online meetings" will not be transfered to third parties, unless they explicitly intended to be transfered. Your full name will only be made available to other participants of the virtual event in the breakout room. Other contact information (e.g. from your registration/login) will not be published unless you have expressly consented to publication.
Other recipients: If intended within the framework of processing agreements with our technology partners for the hosting of the event platform, for the technical conduct of virtual events, and for offering respective event features, said partners necessarily receive knowledge of the above-mentioned data.
5. Deletion of data
On principle, we always delete personal data when continued storage is not required. In particular, it may be required to store data if it is still needed to fulfil contractual services. For statutory storage obligations, deletion only comes into consideration after the expiration of respective storage obligation.
6. Rights of the data subject and right to object
Information on your rights as a data subject and your right to object can be found in the your rights section.
Applications
Our websites may include forms which you can use to apply online for job offers advertised by us or by other companies in the Vogel Group. Via the application form, you can provide your relevant personal data and upload your application documents to share with us.
Purpose of  processing
We process the data you provide when sending the application form in order to assess your suitability for the position (or potentially for other vacant positions in our companies) and to run the application procedure.
We only process information that is essential to application at hand and its processing.
Data categories in the application process
The categories of processed personal data include data that you voluntarily share with us via the application, e.g. first name, last name, and your contact information (home address, (mobile) telephone number, e-mail address). This may also include special categories of personal data such as your religious affiliation, if you have indicated this, for example, in your CV.
Legal basis of the processing
The primary purpose of processing is to handle the application process and to potentially initiate an employment relationship, without this constituting a claim to the conclusion of such an employment relationship. The primary legal basis for processing is article 6 sec. 1 lit. b GDPR in conjunction with article 26 sec. 1 BDSG.
If special categories of personal data are processed in accordance with art. 9 sec. 1 GDPR, this serves exclusively to process your application and the subsequent selection procedure within the framework of the application process. Here, the legal basis is art. 9 sec. 2 lit. b GDPR.
We will inform you ahead of time if we would like to process your personal data for a purpose other than the ones stated above.
Recipients of data
Upon sending your application for a vacant position, only the human resources department and the department that advertised the position will have access to your data, unless you have expressly consented to the transfer of your data to other recipients. If you have submitted an unsolicited application, your data will be made available to departments where vacancies clearly match your profile.
We use a specialised technology partner for the application process that provides the online form for integration into our websites and supports the internal administration of applications electronically. We have expressly committed the technology partner to conform to the data privacy regulations.
Storage duration and deletion
In the event of employment, all data will be transferred to your personnel file or to our personnel information system. If your application does not result in employment, all of your data will be deleted after six months, or stored in our candidate pool for a period of two years given your express consent.
Google Maps
To make it easier for you to find us, we have integrated maps from the Google Maps service of Google LLC into our website via an API. Google can only present this integrated content in your browser when collecting your IP address.
The legal basis for this data processing is article 6 sec. 1 lit. b GDPR, as the IP address is required to provide you with content. For this processing, our cooperation with Google is based on a contract on joint responsibility in accordance with art. 26 GDPR which can be found here.
For more information about Google's data processing practices, please refer to Google's privacy policy at https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/.