http://www.menlosystems.com/legals/privacy/
Privacy policy
1. An overview of data protectionGeneralThe following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy found below.Data collection on our websiteWho is responsible for the data collection on this website?The data collected on this website are processed by the website operator. The operator's contact details can be found in the website's required legal notice.How do we collect your data?Some data are collected when you provide it to us. This could, for example, be data you enter on a contact form.Other data are collected automatically by our IT systems when you visit the website. These data are primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you are using or when you accessed the page. These data are collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.What do we use your data for?Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. Other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site.What rights do you have regarding your data?You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.Analytics and third-party toolsWhen visiting our website, statistical analyses may be made of your surfing behavior. This happens primarily using cookies and analytics. The analysis of your surfing behavior is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to identify you from this data. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Detailed information can be found in the following privacy policy.You can object to this analysis. We will inform you below about how to exercise your options in this regard.2. General information and mandatory informationData protectionThe operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.If you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.Notice concerning the party responsible for this websiteThe party responsible for processing data on this website is:Menlo Systems GmbHTelephone: +49 89 189166 0Email: sales@menlosystems.comThe responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email addresses, etc.).Revocation of your consent to the processing of your dataMany data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.Right to file complaints with regulatory authoritiesIf there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities. The competent regulatory authority for matters related to data protection legislation is the data protection officer of the German state in which our company is headquartered. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html.Right to data portabilityYou have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.SSL or TLS encryptionThis site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon is displayed in your browser's address bar.If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.Information, blocking, deletionAs permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.3. Data protection officerStatutory data protection officerWe have appointed a data protection officer for our company.Wolfgang EversBrandlweg 583543 Rott am InnTelephone: +49 8039 4069950Email: wolfgang.evers@datenschutzzentrale.de4. Data collection on our websiteCookiesSome of our web pages use cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies." They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device's memory until you delete them. These cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site.You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use (such as the shopping cart) are stored pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f of DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.Server log filesThe website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files". These are:Browser type and browser versionOperating system usedReferrer URLHost name of the accessing computerTime of the server requestIP addressThese data will not be combined with data from other sources.The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.5. Social mediaLinkedIn pluginOur site uses functions from the LinkedIn network. The service is provided by LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.Each time one of our pages containing LinkedIn features is accessed, your browser establishes a direct connection to the LinkedIn servers. LinkedIn is informed that you have visited our web pages from your IP address. If you use the LinkedIn “Recommend” button and are logged into your LinkedIn account, it is possible for LinkedIn to associate your visit to our website to your user account. We would like to point out that, as the provider of these pages, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or how it will be used by LinkedIn.More information can be found in the LinkedIn privacy policy at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.6. Analytics and advertisingGoogle AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.Google Analytics cookies are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising.IP anonymizationWe have activated the IP anonymization feature on this website. Your IP address will be shortened by Google within the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area prior to transmission to the United States. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services regarding website activity and Internet usage for the website operator. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with any other data held by Google.Browser pluginYou can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, we wish to point out that doing so may mean you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use of the website (incl. your IP address) from being passed to Google, and the processing of these data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.Objecting to the collection of dataYou can prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from being collected on future visits to this site: Disable Google Analytics.For more information about how Google Analytics handles user data, see Google's privacy policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.Outsourced data processingWe have entered into an agreement with Google for the outsourcing of our data processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google Analytics.Demographic data collection by Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics' demographic features. This allows reports to be generated containing statements about the age, gender, and interests of site visitors. This data comes from interest-based advertising from Google and third-party visitor data. This collected data cannot be attributed to any specific individual person. You can disable this feature at any time by adjusting the ads settings in your Google account or you can forbid the collection of your data by Google Analytics as described in the section "Refusal of data collection".7. Plugins and toolsYouTubeOur website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The operator of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. Here the YouTube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited.If you're logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.YouTube is used to help make our website appealing. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of YouTube under https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.Web fontsThis site uses so-called web fonts, which are provided by external providers, for uniform representation of fonts. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly. For this purpose, the browser you are using must connect to the provider's servers. As a result, the provider is aware that our website has been accessed via your IP address. The use of web fonts is in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our online offers. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. If your browser does not support web fonts, a default font will be used by your computer. The webfont provider for this page is fonts.com.8. Subscription to our newsletterOn the Menlo Systems GmbH website, users are given the opportunity to subscribe to our company's newsletter. The input mask used for this purpose shows which personal data is transferred to the person responsible for processing when ordering the newsletter.Menlo Systems GmbH informs its customers and business partners at regular intervals by means of a newsletter about company offers. The newsletter from our company can only be received by the person concerned if (1) the person concerned has a valid email address and (2) the person concerned registers to receive the newsletter. For legal reasons, a confirmation e-mail will be sent to the e-mail address registered for the first time by a person concerned for the purpose of receiving the newsletter using the double opt-in procedure. This confirmation mail is used to check whether the owner of the e-mail address has authorized the receipt of the newsletter as a data subject.When registering for the newsletter, we also save the IP address assigned by the Internet Service Provider (ISP) of the computer system used by the person concerned at the time of registration as well as the date and time of registration. The collection of this data is necessary in order to be able to trace the (possible) misuse of the e-mail address of a data subject at a later date and therefore serves to provide legal protection for the data controller.The personal data collected in the course of registering for the newsletter is used exclusively for sending our newsletter. In addition, subscribers to the newsletter could be informed by e-mail if this is necessary for the operation of the newsletter service or for registration, as might be the case if there are changes to the newsletter offer or if technical conditions change. The personal data collected within the scope of the newsletter service will not be passed on to third parties. The subscription to our newsletter can be cancelled by the person concerned at any time. The consent to the storage of personal data, which the person concerned has given us for the newsletter service, can be revoked at any time. For the purpose of revoking the consent, a corresponding link is included in every newsletter. It is also possible to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time directly on the website of the data controller or to inform the data controller in another way.Newsletter TrackingThe Menlo Systems GmbH newsletter contains so-called tracking pixels. A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic that is embedded in e-mails sent in HTML format to enable log file recording and log file analysis. This enables a statistical evaluation of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns. The embedded pixel-code enables Menlo Systems GmbH to recognise whether and when an e-mail was opened by a person concerned and which links in the e-mail were called up by the person concerned.Such personal data collected via the tracking pixels contained in the newsletters is stored and evaluated by the data controller in order to optimise the sending of newsletters and to adapt the content of future newsletters even better to the interests of the person concerned. This personal data is not passed on to third parties. Affected persons are entitled to revoke the separate declaration of consent submitted in this regard via the double opt-in procedure at any time. After revocation, these personal data will be deleted by the data controller. Menlo Systems GmbH will automatically interpret any cancellation of receipt of the newsletter as a revocation.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Find out more.