http://www.cptigers.org/about/privacy
Facebook
Twitter
Donate
Shop
Contact
About
For Kids
Home»
About»
Privacy»
Privacy
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND THE REASON FOR THE COLLECTION
The categories of information we collect can include:
Information you provide to us directly: We may collect and maintain certain personal information about you when you send us an e-mail or complete any of our online forms, such as when you request information from us, make a donation, subscribe to one of our online newsletters, or request to become a member. Such information may include your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and phone number. You may be asked to provide payment information when you contribute to Carolina Tiger Rescue, purchase certain information from Carolina Tiger Rescue, or subscribe to various Carolina Tiger Rescue publications. We will use your personal information, including payment information, to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, but we do not store credit card information. We establish minimum and maximum retention periods based upon the type of information collected (i.e., sensitivity), the intended purposes and as otherwise required by law. For more information on how your financial information may be used or shared, please see Sharing Your Information below.
Information we collect from third parties: We may collect information about you from third party services. For example, we may receive information about you when you interact with our site through various social media networks, such as liking us on Facebook or following us on Twitter. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on thirdparty websites and services before linking or connecting them to the Carolina Tiger Rescue website.
We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features of the Carolina Tiger Rescue website and affiliated third-party websites. We may also send you emails or messages (e.g., donation summaries). For more information about how we use your information, see Sharing Your Information below, and for more information about your communication preferences, see Your Choices Regarding Your Information below.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
Carolina Tiger Rescue does not provide, sell, or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization. You may opt out of email communications at any time.
HOW WE USE COOKIES TO COLLECT INFORMATION
We and our third-party partners may automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit or use the Carolina Tiger Rescue website. For instance, when you visit our website, we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the website (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, how frequently you access the websites, and other actions you take on the website), and allow us to track your usage of the websites over time. We may collect log file information about your browser or mobile device each time you access our website. Log file information may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, information about your mobile device, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the website, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
This information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the website. We may also collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Carolina Tiger Rescue website. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, your use of third party applications, and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the website.
YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
How to control your communications preferences: We always honor our members’ requests to modify their communication preferences. You may (a) opt-out of receiving communications from us, and/or (b) have your name and contact information removed from mailing lists by sending an email to us at info@CarolinaTigerRescue.org with your complete name, address and email address. Carolina Tiger Rescue assumes no responsibility for the data collection and use practices of third parties. You may request a record of your information by calling the Development Department at (919) 542-4684 during normal business hours, Monday-Friday, 9:00am-5:00pm. If you would like to speak with someone about your communication preferences, including removal from donor lists, please contact us at:
Via US Mail:
Carolina Tiger Rescue
1940 Hanks Chapel Rd
Pittsboro, NC 27312
Via Email:
info@CarolinaTigerRescue.org
Via Telephone:
919.542.4684
Modifying or deleting your information: If you have any questions about reviewing, modifying or deleting your information, you can contact us directly at info@CarolinaTigerRescue.org.
DONOR PRIVACY
When a Donor makes a donation online or offline, we collect personal information about the Donor. Carolina Tiger Rescue does not provide, sell, or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization. You may opt out of email communications at any time.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
The Carolina Tiger Rescue website may integrate with or contain links to other third-party sites and services. We are not responsible for the practices employed by third party websites or services embedded in, linked to, or linked from the Carolina Tiger Rescue website and your interactions with any third-party website
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions , please contact us at:
Via US Mail:
Carolina Tiger Rescue
1940 Hanks Chapel Rd
Pittsboro, NC 27312
Via Email:
info@CarolinaTigerRescue.org
Via Telephone:
919.542.4684
Ticket Information
Buy your tickets now!
Our tours have limited capacity and often sell out. Book your visit early – tours are the only way you can see the animals.
Find Tickets