http://www.diptrace.com/privacy/cookies.php
Home
DipTrace Software
Schematic Capture
PCB Layout
Library Creation
3D Modeling
Guided Tour
What's New
Downloads
Download DipTrace
Libraries and 3D Models
Language Packs
Older Versions
Related Product Links
Buy
Online Store
Special Offer
Volume Prices
Academic
Non-Profit
Local Dealers
Support
Request Support
My Support Tickets
Installation Guide
Welcome to DipTrace
Tutorials
Trainings
FAQ
Community
DipTrace Forum
Testimonials
YouTube Channel
Services
PCB Design
Library Creation
PCB Manufacturing
Company
About Us
News
Contact Us
Home
Cookies
Cookies
Last updated: February 25, 2018
Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored by your web browser when you use websites. You can control how websites use cookies by configuring your browser's privacy settings (please refer to your browser's help function to learn more about cookie controls). Note that if you disable cookies entirely, Novarm websites may not function properly.
Novarm and the companies that help us run our business use cookies in several ways, such as:
Authenticating and identifying you on our websites so we can provide you the services you requested
Keeping track of information you have provided to us — for example, keeping items in your shopping cart.
Providing you the Novarm websites that you use
Remembering your preferences or where you left off in your use of an Novarm websites
Measuring your use of Novarm websites so that we can improve them, tailor our websites to your likely interests, and conduct market research
Understanding your likely interests so we can provide you more relevant Novarm ads and content on non-Novarm websites and in non-Novarm apps
Technologies similar to cookies
Technically speaking, cookies are called “HTTP cookies.” There are other technologies that can be used for similar purposes, such as HTML5 Local Storage and local shared objects (LSOs). LSOs are used by the authors of files that are read by Adobe® Flash® Player and the websites hosting those files. We may use HTML5 Local Storage, LSOs, and similar technologies for authenticating you, keeping track of information you have provided to us, and remembering your preferences (see bullet points above). When you are using an Novarm application offline, we may store information related to how you used that website on your device and then transfer it to our servers the next time you connect online to our service.
Web beacons and embedded scripts
Web beacons and embedded scripts are other technologies that we use in our websites, as well as in some of our emails and ads.
Web beacons (or “tags”) are bits of programming code included in web pages, emails, and ads that notify Novarm (or the companies that help us run our business) when those web pages, emails, or ads have been viewed or clicked on.
Embedded scripts are bits of programming code included within some of our web pages that measure how you use those web pages, such as which links you click. We use this information to improve our websites, tailor our websites to your likely interests, and conduct market research. You may be able to turn off scripting functionality, such as JavaScript, within your browser (please refer to your browser's help function). Note that if you disable scripting functionality, some Novarm websites may not function properly.