http://www.safnet.org/main/about/main/about/privacy_policy.aspx
Skip to main content
Loading
Home
»
About
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:  May 30, 2016
This privacy policy describes how the Society of American Foresters (SAF) uses information collected through this website.  This policy applies only to information collected by SAF through this website and not to information collected offline.  SAF may change this policy from time to time by giving users advance notice and posting an updated version of this policy on this page.  By using this site, you accept and agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy.
Collection of Information
In general, this website gathers information about users as a group, such as which areas users visit most frequently and what services users access the most.  This website automatically collects information about domain name, date and time of access, and general location.  SAF only uses this data in the aggregate to analyze site traffic and to determine what is most relevant to users.
SAF requires users to submit personally identifying information to create a web account, apply for or renew membership, to make donations, to receive materials, to make purchases in the SAF Store, to create Career Center user accounts, to apply for certification or recertification, to register for convention, and submit convention abstract.  This information typically includes personally identifying information such as the user’s name, email and mailing addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card information.  Applications for certification and recertification require more extensive information.
Interactive portions of this website, such as the Career Center, are provided as a service to users to voluntarily share information with other users.  Information posted there should be considered public and is not subject to this privacy policy.
Cookies
This website may use cookies to maintain user information (such as logins or shopping cart items) between visits.
Use of Information by SAF
SAF uses personally indentifying information to complete transactions as requested by users and to provide member benefits.
SAF uses email and mailing addresses to make users aware of additional SAF products and services that may be of interest to them.
SAF maintains a member directory and a leadership directory that are available only to members.  Each directory includes names, city and state, email addresses and phone numbers.
SAF maintains a public Certified Forester (CF) directory.  It includes names, business addresses, email addresses and phone and fax numbers.
In general, SAF will retain user information to enforce proper use of this website and for management and administration of SAF’s programs.
Use of Information by Third Parties
If completion of a requested transaction requires sharing information with an outside party, such as a credit card company, SAF endeavors to work only with reputable partners.
SAF reserves the right to access, store, and disclose any information that it reasonably believes is necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, (b) enforce its User Agreement, including investigation of potential violations, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues, (d) respond to user support requests, or (e) protect the rights, property, or safety of the website, its users, and the public.
Except as described above, SAF does not sell, rent, or share the personal information collected through this website.
Please be aware that this website includes applications, advertisements, and links to websites owned by third parties.  This policy does not apply to portions owned by third parties and SAF is not responsible for the practices of third parties.
Accessing Your Information
You may review and edit your account information at any time by logging in and going to your profile page.  You may opt out of certain uses by checking the appropriate box on your profile page.
Security of Information
SAF uses administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to protect personally identifying information in its records.  Encryption is used to protect sensitive information submitted through this website, such as credit card numbers.  Only employees with a need to know a user’s information are permitted access to personally identifiable information.  The equipment upon which personally identifiable information is stored is kept in a secure environment.
Users Outside the US
SAF’s operations are located in the United States.  Information submitted through this website will be transferred from the country where the user is located to the United States.
More Information
Questions and concerns regarding this privacy policy can be directed to SAF at membership@safnet.org.
About
Mission & History
Code of Ethics
Our Board
Our Staff
Our Structure
SAF Newsroom
Organizational Transparency
Policies
Diversity and Inclusion
Anti-Harassment
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##