http://www.roche-applied-science.com/global_en/footer/privacy-policy.html
Roche Diagnostics has published an updated version of its Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions, effective September 16, 2015. Your use of Roche Diagnostics's websites is governed by these documents and by continuing to use these properties, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions. The revised versions of these documents can be found at the links provided.
Close
Contact & Support
LifeScience
Products
Products
Overview
Products Overview
Instruments
MagNA Pure Systems
LightCycler®
Systems
Reagents and Consumables
Nucleic Acid Purification
Real-Time PCR
Reverse Transcription
Antibodies
Assays
Probes/Universal ProbeLibrary
Single Assays
Custom Panels
Modular Assays
Brands
Brands
Overview
Brands Overview
MagNA Pure
High Pure
LightCycler®
RealTime ready
Universal ProbeLibrary
EvoScript
FastStart/EagleTaq
FLOW
Spring Bioscience
LightMix®
Techniques & Applications
Applications
Overview
Applications Overview
Techniques
Nucleic Acid Purification
Real-Time PCR
Reverse Transcription
Sequencing
Immunohistochemistry
Application
Gene Expression
Genotyping
Qualitative Detection
Tools & Resources
Resources
Overview
Resources Overview
Documents
Instructions for Use
MSDS
Certificate of Analysis
Brochures & Manuals
Application Notes
Tools
Genomic Workflow Publication Database
Reagent Selection Guide
Assay Design
Universal ProbeLibrary Assay Design Center
RealTime ready Configurator
Support
Online Technical Support
Blog
Blog
Overview
Blog Overview
The Lab-Blog
Product Info
Instruction for Use
MSDS
Certificate of Analysis
Search
Search
Search
Search
How to retrieve a certificate of analysis
Use your Material and Lot Number to obtain Certificate of Analysis for life science Products.
Enter your Material and Lot Number in the fields above without spaces and click the search button.
LifeScience
On the path to discovery
Get clear, actionable results with our RAS/BRAF Oncology Life Science Research kits
Explore
Roche extends distribution agreement with Merck
Exclusive agreement to begin September 1, 2017
Read More
Unlock the possibilities.
The NEW MagNA Pure 24 System. Automate nucleic purification with confidence.
Explore
Your master mix might not be telling the whole story.
Demand the truth. Demand the Evoscript.
Learn More
Welcome to a new era of Roche within Life Science
We celebrate the students, the researchers, the managers who work tirelessly in the pursuit of discovery. By developing the instruments and reagents you rely on each day, we strive to support your next breakthrough so you can focus on what you do: discovery.
Discover More
Made to discover more.
Bring your qPCR to the next level with the new 5x concentrated Multiplex Master Mixes from Roche. Detect a greater number of targets per reaction, work more efficiently, and maximize your valuable samples.
Discover More
LightMix Modular Assays
Modular in design, the LightMix Modular CE-IVD Assays enable you to create a pathogen detection panel just right for you. Whether it’s a hexaplex or a single assay, the LightMix Modular Assays are changing the paradigm for pathogen detection. All assays use the same standardized protocol to generate results in three easy steps.
Learn More
LightCycler® 96 System
Intuitive for all levels of experience, the LightCycler® 96 System is a mid-throughput qPCR solution for academic researchers, providing an ideal combination of temperature homogeneity and data reproducibility.
Discover More
How to make the most of your day in the lab
Nothing beats the excitement and sense of pride that accompanies a successful experiment. And while good science is certainly the driving force behind these accomplishments, the ability to maximize your productivity and opportunities for success should not be ignored. We all can relate to those awkward time gaps when your gel is running or your samples are washing or incubating. In this article, we will list our top 10 tips for maximizing your lab productivity.
Read More
MagNA Pure 96 System
Designed for an accelerated workflow, the MagNA Pure 96 System is optimized for high throughput nucleic acid purification – 96 samples extracted in less than one hour - maximizing productivity and dramatically reducing handling errors.
Learn More
What's template got to do with it?
In this article, we will discuss the importance of starting with a high-quality cDNA template for your RT-qPCR experiments and our top tips for how to do so.
Read More
Discover the right solution for you
Your genomic workflow begins with nucleic acid purification. Start confidently and increase your workflow efficiency with Roche manual and automated solutions. Use our handy table to guide your next nucleic acid extraction.
Start Here
High-performance real-time PCR.
Benefit from Roche's experience in real-time PCR and achieve precise, consistent results with a full range of instruments, reagents, assays, and disposables to fit any laboratory throughput or budget.
Learn More
Reagent Selection Guide
This online assistant will help you find which nucleic acid purification and real-time PCR reagents are right for your applications.
Launch Guide
LabFAQs+ App
Information you need, when you need it. Now improved with newsfeed to stay up-to-date with current trends in research and offered in 3 languages: English, Chinese, and Japanese.
Learn More
Genomic Workflow Publication Database
A compilation of publications about Roche Genomic products specific to your research applications.
Search Now
Contact & Support
Products
Brands
Techniques & Applications
Reagent Selection Guide
Nucleic Acid Purification
Real-Time PCR
Lab Developed Testing
The Lab - Blog
Instructions for Use (IFU)Search now
Online Technical SupportFind help
Legal information
Privacy Policy
Terms And Conditions
Trademarks
About Us
Last Update On
16.09.2020
© 1999 - 2018 Roche Molecular Systems, Inc.
Products are for life science research only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures unless otherwise indicated. This website contains information on products which is targeted to a wide range of audiences and could contain product details or information otherwise not accessible or valid in your country. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing such information which may not comply with any valid legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin.
Got an idea?
First Name *
Last Name *
Country or Region
Country Name*
Phone Number? *
Email *
*Required Field
Submit your idea
What are you most curious to learn about? What would you like to ask our Roche Scientists? *
Please subscribe me to the email newsletter for amazing content delivered right to my inbox.
Customer Publication Submission Form
Please complete the below form. Your paper(s) will be evaluated for placement on lifescience.roche.com.
Please separate multiple entries using comma.
Your information has been successfully submitted.
Your Order Request has been successfully submitted.
Thank you for subscribing to our eNewsletter!
You will receive the Roche Newsletter for our new and exciting products and special offers.
You will hear about upcoming events, and download the latest technical and scientific literature. Your privacy is ensured.
You are being redirected to sigmaaldrich.com
Exclusive distribution agreement with Merck now in effect from Sep 1st 2017. The UPL ProbeLibrary products are now available exclusively on SigmaAldrich.com
Click "Continue" to proceed to sigmaaldrich.com
CANCEL
CONTINUE