http://www.americannationalcorpus.org/privacy-policy-2/
The purpose of this document is to show that we are extremely committed towards the protection of the privacy of our visitors. The information that our website gathers from our visitors is completely within the bounds of the respect that we are obligated to show towards your privacy and any data that we gather is either anonymous or with your consent in case it is your personal data. The term “personal data” means the name, address, phone number, email address and geo location and all this information is kept completely private so no one outside the website’s administrators has access to it.
Consent
By visiting this website, you are automatically providing us your consent to gather data from your usage of our website and as mentioned earlier, this data is completely anonymous and used for the purpose of improvement experience.
Anonymous data collection
The anonymous data that our website extracts from each user is strictly based on their usage and includes information like page clicks, scrolling and the amount of time spent on a page by the user. The purpose of gathering this data is to derive statistics that are ultimately used to bring changes in the website for optimal user satisfaction in terms of website usage.
External links
The users of our website are automatically out of the bounds of our privacy policy as soon as they visit an external link which may be provided on the website. We highly recommend that you always vet every website properly before you decide to provide them with your personal data. As far as the visiting limitations are concerned, we always provide links that are safe to visit and are always from a reliable source.
Legal Usage of data
We strictly hold the right to release your personal data to any law enforcement agencies that may require it. The purpose of such an action will be to make sure that our legal rights are protected and that we are complying with the law completely. The information will be released in response to any court order that may be served on our website with legitimate reason.
Security of your personal data
In order to make sure that the personal data of all our users is 100% protected, we employ all the industry standards to make sure that the data is protected at all times. Although our security network is very secure, the point of exchange of data between the website and the user can be exploited by anyone capable enough and is therefore never 100% secure. For that reason it is not possible for us to guarantee 100% safety at that point. The stored data however, is all kept at secure facilities that are only accessible by authorized personnel.
Underage users
The website does not automatically distinguish the users in any way and therefore does not knowingly collect data from underage users. If you have a child who is considered underage by law and has provided us with your personal information then please contact us immediately to have your data removed from our database.
If you have any further questions regarding our privacy policy, feel free to contact us at any time
Latest NewsTop Ten American English Authors and their WorksFebruary 20, 2015Writing is a form of art unlike any other and …Read More »The Best Universities around the World to Study EnglishFebruary 20, 2015English language is one of the most important tools of …Read More »
PagesHomeContact UsComparison of American and British EnglishHistory of American EnglishHow to Learn American English