https://www.melnyks.com/legal/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy: We guarantee that all personal information that you pass to us during your visit to the Website is kept strictly confidential and secure. We do not share it with anyone. Please read here for detailed privacy page.
License: Lessons provided through this Website, including audio, PDF and ALL other materials and resourses are for PERSONAL USE ONLY, you are NOT allowed to modify or/and use them for commercial or other non-commercial purposes WITHOUT the author’s consent.
Lesson Transcripts, Worksheets and any other paid written, audio or video materials on this Website CAN NOT be shared, transcribed, edited or DISTRIBUTED without the author’s consent. Transcribing the podcast to create alternative versions of transcripts is PROHIBITED.
If you are a school that would like to use the materials, please contact the author for a special license.
Disclaimer: The www.melnyks.com services and all downloadable products are offered on an “as is” basis, without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. The User assumes all responsibility for use of the www.melnyks.com web site and waives all claims against www.melnyks.com that may arise from utilization of this site. Further, www.melnyks.com shall in no event be liable for any damages or losses, including without limitation, direct, indirect, consequential, special, incidental or punitive damages resulting from or caused by this web site or its content, including without limitation from User’s use or inability to use the site, delays in operation or transmission, communications line failure, or any error or omissions in content.
Subscriptions: Subscriptions are recurring. Subscription terms can be modified by the author at any time without prior notification.
Subscription via iOS app: Subscription payment will be charged to your Apple ID account at the confirmation of purchase. Subscription automatically renews unless it is canceled at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. Your account will be charged for renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period. You can manage and cancel your subscriptions by going to your account settings on the App Store after purchase.
Currency: US Dollars.
Comment disclaimer: The author of this Website reserves the right to delete or modify any information or content without prior warning.
Refund Policy: 15 days money back guarantee, provided that nothing was downloaded. If you download lessons/transcripts and then ask for a refund – sorry no refund!
2Checkout: Secure online payments provided by Stripe, 2Checkout.com and PayPal.