http://www.valeport.co.uk/privacy/
Your browser is no longer supported. Please
upgrade your browser
to improve your experience.
Products
Find a product by Groups
Find a product by Product Types
Find a product by Applications
Find a product by Parameters
Product Search
Browse all products
Back to products
Coastal
Inland
Offshore
Back to products
CTD & Environmental
Current
Echosounders & Bathymetry
Sound Velocity
Tide
Wave
Back to products
AUV ROV ASV
Hydrography
Hydrometry
Metrology & Positioning
Oceanography
Ports, Harbours & Dredging
Renewable Energy
Back to products
Chlorophyll a
Conductivity
Density
Depth
Fluorescein
Phycocyanin
Pressure
Rhodamine
Salinity
Temperature
Turbidity
Water Level
Back to products
Search
About Valeport
Corporate Social Responsibility at Valeport
Environmental
Latest news
Meet the team
Our philosophy
Save Our Seagrass with Valeport
Valeport history
Valeport’s premises
Articles
Contact
Cookie Policy
Our international distributors
Privacy Policy
Products
Services and Calibrations
Sound Velocity Sensors
Supplier Requirements
Anti-Bribery Policy – Supplier Obligations (“Policy”)
Anti-Slavery Policy – Supplier Obligations (“Policy”)
Anti-Tax Evasion Policy – Supplier Obligations (“Policy”)
Data Processing Agreement
Support
Resources
Support by product
Training videos
Support Form Response
Technology you can trust
Warranties and Repairs
Website Terms & Conditions
Home
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy very seriously. Please read this privacy policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are and how and why we collect, store, use and share your personal information. It also explains your rights in relation to your personal information and how to contact us or supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.
This website privacy policy is divided into the following sections:
Who we are
Our collection and use of your personal information
Transfer of your information out of the UK and EEA
Cookies and similar technologies
Marketing
Your rights
How long your personal information will be kept
Keeping your personal information secure
How to complain
Changes to this website privacy policy
Who we are
This website is operated by Valeport Limited (company number:1950444) with registered office at St Peter’s Quay, Totnes, Devon, TQ9 5EW (“we”, “us”, “our” or “Valeport”).
We collect, use and are responsible for certain personal information about you as a “controller” and when we do so we are responsible for that personal information for the purposes of applicable data protection laws.
Please contact if you have any questions about this privacy notice or the information we hold about you. If you want to contact us you can do so using the following contact details:
Email: marketing@valeport.co.uk
Postal address: St. Peter’s Quay, Totnes, Devon, TQ9 5EW United Kingdom
Telephone: + 44 (0) 1803 869292
Personal information we collect about you
We collect personal information about you when you access our website or log into our distributor portal, approach us at a tradeshow or event, register with us, sign up as one of our distributors, contact us (via telephone, email, social media or our website), subscribe to receive communications, send us feedback, otherwise purchase products or complete customer surveys.
We collect this personal information from you either directly, such as when you approach us at a tradeshow or seminar or when you contact us, or indirectly, such as your browsing activity while on our website (see “Cookies” below) or via an advertising campaign.
We also collect personal information about you from other sources as follows:
via our appointed distributors or other resellers of our products
from conference and exhibition organisers, and other industry associations
from third parties who may provide us with your details because you have an interest in our products – these third parties will have obtained contact information directly from you and will pass your information to us in a secure database
The personal information we collect about you depends on the purpose for which you engage with us. This information may include the following:
Identity Data – full name, title, job title, department, employer name, along with organisational hierarchy, location, industry sector, areas of interest, product and service preferences.
Contact Data – address, email address, fax and telephone numbers.
Financial Data – bank account, payment card details and credit check information as required to process a transaction. Note that we may take payment details over the telephone in order to process your payment, however, we do not store these.
Transaction Data – details about payments to and from you and other details of services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data – internet protocol (IP) address, your distributor portal login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and geographical location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website including, where the data is available, information about the identity of the owner of fixed IP addresses.
Profile Data – your username and password, support requests and our internal record of orders made by you, your interests and preferences.
Usage Data – information about how you use our website and products, including navigation paths, visitor source, information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your use, and survey responses.
Marketing and Communications Data – your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.
This personal information is required to provide products to you whether you are a customer or one of our distributors. If you do not provide personal information we ask for, it may delay or prevent us from providing products to you.
This website is not intended for use by children.
In addition, we do not envisage that we will collect or process any special categories of personal data about you.
How and why we use your personal information
Under data protection law, we can only use your personal information if we have a legal basis for doing so for example:
Consent: where you have given us clear consent for us to process your personal information for a specific purpose
Contract: where our use of your personal information is necessary for a contract we have with you, or because you have asked us to take specific steps before entering into a contract
Legal obligation: where our use of your personal information is necessary for us to comply with the law (not including contractual obligations)
Legitimate interests: where our use of your personal information is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party (unless there is a good reason to protect your personal information which overrides our legitimate interests)
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Legal basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer or supplier
Identity
Contact
Financial
Performance of a contract with you
To provide products to you, including:
Manage payments, fees and charges
Collect and recover money owed to us
Identity
Contact
Financial
Transaction
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
Notifying you about changes to our products, terms or privacy policy
Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
Identity
Contact
Profile
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products)
To enable you to complete a survey or provide us with feedback
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
Identity
Contact
Technical
Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and marketing materials to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the marketing we send to you
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
Technical
Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about products that may be of interest to you
Identity
Contact
Technical
Usage
Profile
Transaction
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products and grow our business)
Who we share your personal information with
We routinely share personal information with:
third parties we use to help deliver our products to you, e.g. payment service providers, warehouses, freight forwarding and delivery companies
our third party distributors, e.g. when you raise an enquiry with us and we pass this to the distributor supplying our products in the country that you are based
other third parties we use to help us run our business, e.g. Facebook, LinkedIn, Salesforce third party marketing agencies and IT infrastructure providers.)
We only allow our service providers to handle your personal information if we are satisfied they take appropriate measures to protect your personal information. We also impose contractual obligations on service providers to ensure they can only use your personal information to provide services to us and to you.
We may also share personal information with external auditors, e.g. in relation to the audit of our accounts.
We may disclose and exchange information with law enforcement agencies and regulatory bodies to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
We may also need to share some personal information with other parties, such as potential purchasers of some or all of our business or during a re-structuring. Usually, information will be anonymised but this may not always be possible. The recipient of the information will be bound by confidentiality obligations.
We will not share your personal information with any other third party.
Transferring your personal information out of the UK and EEA
To deliver products to you, it is sometimes necessary for us to share your personal information outside the UK and/or European Economic Area (EEA), e.g.
with our service providers located outside the UK/EEA, for example IT hosting and maintenance, service providers whose servers are located in the US.
if you are based outside the UK/EEA, with the distributor that supplies our products in the country that you are based.
These transfers are subject to special rules under European and UK data protection law.
Non-UK/EEA countries do not have the same data protection laws as the United Kingdom and EEA. We will, however, ensure the transfer complies with data protection law and all personal information will be secure.
If you would like further information please contact us (see the contact details at the start of this policy).
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We will ask for your permission (Consent) to place cookies or other similar technologies on your device, except where they are essential for us to provide you with a service that you have requested.
If you do not want to accept any cookies, you may be able to change your browser settings so that cookies (including those which are essential to the services requested) are not accepted. If you do this, please be aware that you may lose some of the functionality of our website.
For further information on cookies, our use of cookies, please see our Cookie Notice.
Marketing
We may use your personal information to send you updates (by email, text message, telephone or post) about our products, including exclusive offers, promotions or new products. Where we have your consent or it is in our legitimate interests to do so, we may do this by post, email, telephone or text message (SMS).
We will always treat your personal information with the utmost respect and never sell it to other organisations for marketing purposes.
If you have given your consent to receive marketing communications, or it is in our legitimate interests to send them because you are not a consumer or you are a consumer that has previously purchased similar products from us, you always have the right to opt out of receiving further promotional communications by:
contacting us at marketing@valeport.co.uk with OPT-OUT in the subject line
OR
using the ‘unsubscribe’ link in emails
We may ask you to confirm or update your marketing preferences if there are changes in the law, regulation, or the structure of our business.
Please note that we may also send you other communications in relation to your purchase of products or in order to respond to queries you have raised, such communications are service communications and are not a form of marketing.
Your rights
You have the following rights, which you can exercise free of charge:
Access
The right to be provided with a copy of your personal information (the right of access)
Rectification
The right to require us to correct any mistakes in your personal information
To be forgotten
The right to require us to delete your personal information—in certain situations
Restriction of processing
The right to require us to restrict processing of your personal information—in certain circumstances, e.g. if you contest the accuracy of the data
Data portability
The right to receive the personal information you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or transmit that data to a third party—in certain situations
To object
The right to object:
at any time to your personal information being processed for direct marketing (including profiling);
in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information, e.g. processing carried out for the purpose of our legitimate interests.
Not to be subject to automated individual decision making
The right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing (including profiling) that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you
For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, please contact us or see the guidance provided by the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individuals’ rights.
If you would like to exercise any of those rights, please:
email, call or write to us — see contact details at the start of this policy;
let us have enough information to identify you g. your full name, address and customer or matter reference number;
let us have proof of your identity (a copy of your driving licence or passport);
AND
let us know what right you want to exercise and the information to which your request relates.
How long your personal information will be kept
We will not retain your personal information for longer than necessary for the purposes set out in this policy. Different retention periods apply for different types of personal information.
When it is no longer necessary to retain your personal information, we will delete or anonymise it.
As an indication, if you purchase products from us, we will keep your personal information while we are providing such products. Thereafter, we will keep your personal information for as long as is necessary:
to respond to any questions, complaints or claims made by you or on your behalf
to show that we treated you fairly
to keep records required by law
Keeping your personal information secure
We have appropriate security measures to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed unlawfully. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to access it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
How to complain
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you may raise about our use of your personal information.
Applicable data protection laws also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
Changes to this privacy policy
This privacy policy was last updated in August 2020. We keep our privacy policy under regular review to make sure it is up to date and accurate. If we change our privacy policy from time to time, we will post the details of any changes here. We may also take reasonable steps to notify you if such changes affect how your personal data is processed.