http://www.computype.com/privacy-policy?hsLang=en
Tire
Blood Banks
Rubber Belts
Research & Diagnostics
Library
Need Help?Contact Us to Address Your Labeling ChallengesLet's Chat! >
Search
Close Button
SEARCH
Computype's Privacy Policy
Updated: July 24th, 2018
Computype’s Commitment to Privacy
At Computype, we want you to know how we collect, use, share, and protect information about you. By interacting with Computype through our website, products, and services, you consent to the use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy. We may change or add to this privacy policy, so we encourage you to review it periodically.
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect: (1) via our Website, (2) during transactions through our Website, and (3) as you interact with any advertisements or applications on third-party websites and services.
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us. Examples of Personal Information include your name, contact details, information you provide when you create an account or a personal profile on our Site and information about the pages you have viewed and the path you have taken through our Site.
Before accessing, using, or interacting with the Website you should carefully review the terms and conditions of this Privacy Notice. Your use of the Website is further governed by our Terms of Use,
Eligibility to Use Computype’s Website
This Website is not directed to children under the age of 18. You may not use the Website if you are under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you should not provide any information on our Website.  If we determine that we have collected or received any information from any child under the age of 18, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe that we might have collected any personal data from or about a child under the age of 18, please contact us at sales@computype.com to provide additional information or to request the removal of the relevant information from our database.
What information do we collect?
We collect the Personal Information you knowingly provide when you use our Website. The information we collect depends on how you use our Website. For example, if you sign up to receive email communications from us, we collect your email address and any related information you provide. If you communicate with us using the “Contact Us” feature, we collect the information you provide when you complete the “Contact Us” form.
Generally, our site distinguishes between information we need to provide you with a particular product, service or to fulfill your request (“mandatory fields”), and information that, although useful, is optional with respect to that particular product, service or your request. Please be aware that if you do not provide us with mandatory fields we will not be able to provide you with the product or service or to fulfill your request.
Supplemental Information:  From time to time, we may supplement the information you give us with information from other sources, such as information validating your address, information based on your zip code, or information about your business.
Information We Collect Automatically:
We use automatic data collection and analytics technologies to collect aggregate and user-specific information about your equipment, domain name, patterns of use, communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website, including your IP address, browsing and navigation patterns. This information is used to improve our Website. We process information collected automatically on the legal basis of our legitimate interests in assessing your use of our Website. Information we collect automatically through your use of the Website may include Cookies, Web Beacons, Links, and Other Tracking Technologies. Link information is generally only analysed on an aggregate basis. Some Websites may not function properly if you disable cookies. Such data may include analytics information, sites visited before visiting the Websites, browser type, operating system, and tracking of your interactions with our content and emails.
Unique Identifiers:
When you use or access the Website, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more "Unique Identifiers," such as a universally unique identifier (“UUID”). A Unique Identifier may remain on your device persistently, to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Website. Some features of the Website may not function properly if use or availability of Unique Identifiers is impaired or disabled.
Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser:
We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your Web browser. This information typically includes your IP address, the identity of your Internet Service Provider, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visit. An “IP address” is a unique number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you connect to the Internet. It is used to identify your computer’s “location” in cyberspace, so that the information you request can be delivered to you. If you use a dial-up connection or a connection that assigns dynamic IP addresses, your computer will be assigned a new IP Address each time you connect to the Internet. If, however, your computer is permanently connected to the Internet using a static IP address, the IP address assigned to your computer will generally be the same each time you use your computer. Although it does not identify you by name, we treat your IP address as your Personal Information.
You should be aware that when you respond to an electronic communication you receive from us, for example, by opening an email, downloading images or clicking on a link in an electronic newsletter, your browser tells us that you (or someone using your email address) has done so. We use this information to improve our marketing efforts. In addition, we review our server logs – which contain visitors’ IP addresses – for security and fraud prevention purposes.
How do we use personal information?
Generally, we use the Personal Information we collect through our Site:
to customize the content and/or layout of our page for individual visitors;
to notify visitors about updates to our Website;
to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
­­­­Information Use
Computype uses the information we receive about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice. We process personal data received about you through our Website on the legal basis of Computype’s legitimate interests in providing the Website to you. Such processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Computype or by our Service Providers related to the Website.  Where appropriate, we may rely on alternate legal bases, such as your consent to certain types of processing.
Examples of how we may process your personal date and the legal basis upon which we perform such processing are as follows:
Use of Information
Legal Basis
(1) to present our Website and its contents to you, including to optimize the use of our Website and its interface
GDPR, Art. 6(1)(f):  personal data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Computype or by a third party, and there is no prejudice to the data subject arising from the use.
(2) to provide you with communications, information or services, including those that you request from us
GDPR, Art. 6(1)(f):  personal data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Computype or by a third party, and there is no prejudice to the data subject arising from the use.
(3) to analyze your use of the Website in order to update, modify, improve, tailor, customize, or otherwise adjust the Website and its features
GDPR, Art. 6(1)(f):  personal data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Computype or by a third party, and there is no prejudice to the data subject arising from the use.
(4) to provide you with notices about your transactions or account
GDPR, Art. 6(1)(f):  personal data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Computype or by a third party, and there is no prejudice to the data subject arising from the use.
(5) to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us
GDPR, Art. 6(1)(f):  personal data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Computype or by a third party, and there is no prejudice to the data subject arising from the use.
(6) to notify you about changes to our Website or any services we offer or provide though it
GDPR, Art. 6(1)(f):  personal data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Computype or by a third party, and there is no prejudice to the data subject arising from the use.
(7) to allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website
GDPR, Art. 6(1)(f):  personal data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Computype or by a third party, and there is no prejudice to the data subject arising from the use.
(8) or any other purpose with your consent
Data subject has provided Consent.
Information Sharing
When you access or use the Website, we collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice. We will not share, sell, rent, or otherwise disclose your private personal information to third parties without your consent, except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Notice.
Aggregated Non-Personal Data:
We may disclose aggregated, non-personal data received from providing the Website, including information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We may share demographic information with business partners, but it will be aggregated and de-personalized, so that personal information is not revealed.
Legal Requirements and Protection of Our Company and Others:
We may share your information when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable laws, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Website or using the Computype name, or to protect the safety of any person. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents, or government agencies. We generally do not disclose user information unless we have a good faith belief that an information request by law enforcement or private litigants meets applicable legal standards.  Nothing in this Privacy Notice is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your information.
Examples include:
Protecting the health or safety of customers;
Addressing crimes committed on Computype’s property;
Identifying and addressing fraud or financial risk;
Providing personal information from cameras to law enforcement at their written request;
Responding to a search warrant or other valid legal inquiry; and
Responding to an investigative or legal action in the case of a breach of data, commercial dispute or alleged violation of law.
Service Providers:
We work with various organizations and individuals to help provide our services and the Website to you ("Service Providers"). We share personal information about you with these Service Providers to also assist with our business activities, including shipping vendors, billing and refund vendors, and companies that help us improve our products and services. We require our service providers to keep your personal information secure. These Service Providers have only limited access to your information and may use your information only to perform requested tasks on our behalf. Information we share with our Service Providers may include both information you provide to us and information we collect about you, including personal data.
Business Transfers:
In the event that all or a part of our business is merged, sold or reorganized (including transfers made as a part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings), personal information about you could be shared with the successor business. We will use reasonable measures to help ensure that any successor treats your information in accordance with this Policy.
How do we secure personal data?
Computype takes reasonable efforts to secure and protect the privacy, accuracy, and reliability of your information and to protect it from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We implement security measures as we deem appropriate and consistent with industry standards. As no data security protocol is impenetrable, Computype cannot guarantee the security of our systems or databases, nor can we guarantee that personal information we collect about you will not be breached, intercepted, destroyed, accessed, or otherwise disclosed without authorization. Accordingly, any information you transfer to or from our Website is provided at your own risk.
Although we take commercially reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of your Personal Information, we urge users to take every precaution to protect their Personal Information while using the Internet.
Certain areas of our Website are password protected. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your passwords. You will be solely responsible for the activities of anyone accessing our Website using a password assigned to you, even if the individual is not, in fact authorized by you. If you have reason to believe that your password has been compromised or used without authorization, you must promptly change it using the functionality provided on the Website.
Personal Data Retention
We may keep your Personal Information for as long as is necessary for our business purposes, and in particular to protect ourselves in the event of a legal claim. After this period, your Personal Information will be deleted or, in some instances, anonymized. If you subsequently withdraw your consent, and we have no other lawful basis to continue processing your Personal Information, we will delete your Personal Information.
Your rights in relation to your personal data
In some circumstances, you have a right to request the erasure of your Personal Information or for a restriction on its use, to object to its use, to receive it in a portable format or to have it transmitted to another organization. You may also request that we no longer send you direct marketing communications. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the contact details below.
If you are in Europe, you have the right to complain to an EEA Data Protection Authority if you think we have processed your Personal Information in a manner which is unlawful or breaches your rights.
Use of cookies and other technologies
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes, and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
The cookies we use can be classified into two categories:
“Session cookies” which are allocated to your computer for the duration of your visit of our Website and which will be automatically removed from your computer when you close your browser.
“Persistent cookies” which expire after a reasonable period of time or until the user deletes the cookie.
Some of these uses may involve the use of “third party cookies”; that is, cookies that are set by software used by third parties, such as to carry out statistical analysis of page use, page interactions and paths through the site, or for the purposes of serving internet advertisements using an online advertising supplier.  Third party cookies may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites following your visit to our Website.
Generally, the information collected using these Web technologies does not identify you by name. If, however, you have created a user identity, for example, by signing up to use a password-protected area on our Website, we may link the information we collect using Web technologies to other information that identifies you personally.]
International Transfers
Computype is a global organization doing business in many countries and we may transfer your Personal Information across national borders for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Our headquarters are in St. Paul, Minnesota in the United States of America. Our Web servers and databases are located in the United States or in other countries and the information on these servers and databases may be accessed by our staff (or staff of our service providers) located in other countries where they have a “need to know”. Please be aware your personal data may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state or country where privacy laws may differ from and may not be as protective as those where you live. If you are located outside the United States, and choose to allow us to collect information about you, please be aware that Computype may transfer your personal data to the United States and process and store it there.
California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (known as the "Shine the Light" law), Computype members and customers who are residents of California may request certain information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the prior calendar year. To make such a request, please contact us at the address below or at sales@computype.com with the communication including "Request for California Privacy Information" on the subject line and in the body of your message. We will comply with your request within thirty (30) days or as otherwise required by the statute. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
Please know that no matter where your Personal Information is collected, used, transferred or stored, if it was collected through our Website, it will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and any privacy notices or click-through agreements that apply to you.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Computype may modify this Privacy Notice from time to time. The most current version of this Privacy Notice will govern our use of your information and will be located here. You may contact us to obtain prior versions of this Privacy Notice. We will notify you of material changes to this policy by posting a notice at the Websites or by emailing you at an email address associated with your Websites Account, if applicable, and provide an “at a glance” overview of any changes.
How to contact us?
If Website users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact Computype at: Phone: 800 328-0852  Email: sales@computype.com  Postal address: 2285 West County Road C St. Paul, MN United States 55113  Website URL: https://www.computype.com/
Industries
Tire
30-years of experience in supplying dependable labeling and tracking solutions to tire manufacturers
Research & Diagnostics
Supporting global diagnostic cancer research and pharmaceutical development through reliable tracking and labeling options
Blood Banks
Reliable, customizable and compliant labeling to simplify the collection and processing of blood donations
Rubber Belts
Durable, flexible and safe rubber branding technology to streamline your processes
Quick Links
Learning Center
Blog
Tech Support
Contact Us
Free Consultation
About Us
About
Careers
Community
Automation & Service
Pre-Barcoded Labware
Automatic Plate Barcode Labeler
Tube and Vial Label Automation
Tire Barcode Applicators
Printers
Laboratory Label Replicator
cab Mach 4S Label Printer
Zebra ZD Series for Blood Banks
Zebra ZT Series for Blood Banks
Zebra ZD Series for Laboratories
Zebra ZT Series for Laboratories
cab SQUIX Barcode Label Printer
Sato CL4NX RFID Label Printer
TransMark Rubber Belt Printer
DIN Label Replicator
Labels
Tube & Vial Labels
Diagnostic RFID Labels
Histology Slide Labels
Microwell Plate Labels
DIN Label Sets
ISBT 128 Blank Labels
Tire Barcode Labels
RFID for Tires
Rubber Belt Transfer Labels
GHS Compliant Labels
Library Labels
Social
Trusted Partners
© Computype 2020 All rights reserved.Please see our
Privacy Policy,
Cookie Use Policy,
Sales Terms and Conditions,
Purchase Terms and Conditions
Sitemap