http://www.biodiscovery.com/terms
Skip to main content
Back
Main navigation
Products
NxClinical
Nexus Copy Number
About Us
Careers
Resources
Webinars
Case Studies
White Papers
Customer Publications
Educational Videos
Tutorials
Support
FAQ
Request Support
Knowledge Base
Downloads
News & Events
Blog
Request Demo
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is intended to provide information on the processing of personal data by BioDiscovery together with its affiliate companies and subsidiaries (“BioDiscovery”) when you visit our website www.biodiscovery.com (“Website”) and use our products and services. We hereby fulfill our statutory obligations under the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and make sure that you understand it. If you have any further questions, please contact us.
BioDiscovery, Inc. respects the privacy of its customers, partners, and website visitors.
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. We encourage you to check our Privacy Policy regularly to understand how we may process your Personal Data.
Personal Data processing
Personal Data
Personal Data (“Personal Data”) is defined in this Privacy Policy and in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as any information related to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier.
BioDiscovery collects Personal Data including, but not limited to, the following information: full name, email address, phone number, job title, department, company, precise location, device IDs, IP address, and certain cookie and network identifiers, as well as any other information you voluntarily submit.
BioDiscovery collects, uses, and discloses Personal Data as outlined in this Privacy Policy, including to operate the company; to perform and improve the products and services we offer; for advertising and marketing; and to provide you products and services.
BioDiscovery is the data controller of your Personal Data, but BioDiscovery also acts as a data processor for Personal Data that is processed through the websites.
How We collect Personal Data
We process different data when you install or use our products, when you visit our Website, or when we meet you at events.
Information when you visit our Website: When you visit our Website, we may process information on the region you are visiting us from, information on your device, its operating system and browser, your user behavior on our site during the current session, and whether you have visited us before. We may use such information to help diagnose problems, perform administrative tasks, analyze trends, track page usage statistics, and gather information that assists us in identifying visitor preferences. For this purpose, we use cookies (see below for further information).
Registration information: To activate or use some of our products, you need to fill out an online form and provide certain personal information such as your name, email, company, IP address, device ID, operating system, and phone number.
Support requests: If you contact us for support requests we will store your data in connection with this particular support request such as contact details, information on your hardware and software, and log data. In some cases we may ask you to provide us with additional files generated by our products to handle your support request.
Online forms: several pages of the Website (such as demo request forms, event registration forms, content download forms, and support forms) request users to provide various types of information: contact information (e.g., names and email addresses), interests (e.g. area of study), and demographic information (like address and zip code). Each type of information serves a different purpose, depending on where it is requested. The types of Personal Data we collect are based on the services being requested by the user. Personal Data obtained from such forms may be used to provide information about educational programs, new products, and the like.
Surveys: we may request information regarding various aspects of our services and products from users through surveys. Survey participation is completely voluntary and the data subject has a choice whether or not to disclose any information. Information requested may include contact information and demographic information. Feedback received is used to improve our websites and products. Comments and Personal Data submitted in connection with or in response to a request for input will only be published if permission is provided by the user.
Usage information: When using our products and services, we collect and process personal data at various points such as IP address, user ID, usage start and end time, and product used.
When you apply for a job with us: We collect Personal Data from you when you apply for a job with us. We use JazzHR, a third party, to collect and store Personal Data related to applications for employment.
Events: we may collect your Personal Data when you voluntarily provide Personal Data at events such as but not limited to trade shows, conferences, education events or seminars
Users Under Age of Majority: Our products, services, and events are designed for those over the age of 18, and are most certainly not directed to, or to our knowledge used by, children under 13 years of age. Our products, services, and events are not targeted to, intended to be consumed by, or designed to entice individuals under the age of 18 and certainly not for those under 13 years.  If you know of or have any reason to believe anyone under the age of 18 and in the very remote event that you know of or have any reason to believe anyone under the age of 13 years has provided us with any personal data, please contact us.
Legal basis for processing
We process Personal Data, whether it can be traced back directly or indirectly to an identifiable person or not, for a variety of different purposes set out in further detail below:
Consent
Your consent is required for the processing of certain Personal Data. In cases where we are not already authorized to process the Personal Data under applicable law, we may ask for your consent to contact you by telephone, mail and/ or email about other offers, products, promotions, developments or services which we think may be of interest to you and for other marketing purposes.
Withdrawing Your Consent: You may at any time withdraw the consent you provide for the processing of your Personal Data for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Notice, provided that we are not required by applicable law to retain such information. To withdraw consent, please contact us.
If you want to stop receiving future marketing messages and materials, you can do so by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included in our email marketing messages or by contacting us.
When Consent is Not Obtained
In certain circumstances, applicable data protection laws allow us to process your Personal Data without needing to obtain your consent:
For the performance of a contract: To perform our contractual obligations to you, including our fulfilling orders or purchases you have made, contacting you in relation to any issues with your order, in relation to the provision of services, or where we need to provide your Personal Data to our service providers.
To comply with legal obligations: To comply with laws, regulators, court orders, or other legal obligations, or pursuant to legal process.
Legitimate Interests: To operate our business and provide products and services, other than in performing our contractual obligations to you for BioDiscovery’s “legitimate interests” for the purposes of applicable law, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Legitimate interests may include:
To communicate with you regarding products and services, including to provide you important notices regarding changes to our Terms and Conditions of use of the Website and to address and respond to your requests, inquiries, and complaints.
To send you surveys in connection with our products and services.
To assist in the investigation of suspected illegal or wrongful activity, and to protect and defend our rights and property, or the rights or safety of third parties.
To develop, provide, and improve products and services
To enforce our Terms of Use or this Privacy Notice, or agreements with third parties.
How We disclose Personal Data
We may disclose your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, including:
To Affiliates: With companies that are owned or controlled by BioDiscovery, and internally within BioDiscovery, in order to provide and improve services, for marketing purposes, for advertising, and for analytics.
To Service Providers and Vendors: With business collaborators, marketing collaborators, and vendors to provide, and improve products and services.
For Advertising and Marketing: With advertising and marketing collaborators for advertising and marketing purposes on BioDiscovery’s behalf.
For Legal Compliance, Law Enforcement, and Public Safety Purposes: As permitted by law, with law enforcement, government or regulatory bodies, lawful authorities, or other authorized third parties in order to comply with legal obligations or to assist in an investigation, to protect and defend our rights and property, or the rights or safety of third parties, to enforce our Software License Agreement, this Privacy Notice.
Actual or Contemplated Sale, Acquisition, or Reorganization: In connection with a potential reorganization or reorganization of our business, in connection with financing, a sale, acquisition or other transaction involving the disposal of all or part of our business or assets, including for the purpose of permitting the due diligence required to decide whether to proceed with a transaction.
Transfer and Storage of Personal Data
Information submitted on the Website is collected, stored, and processed in the US.  If you are outside the U.S., your Personal Data and other information will be transferred to the U.S.  The data privacy and data protection laws outside your country may offer less protection than the laws in your country. By using our website and services, you agree to the transfer of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to such cross-border transfers of your Personal Data, please do not submit it through our website.
Data Retention
We store personal data only to the extent required to fulfill the purpose. The storage period depends on legal requirements and the duration of the contractual relationship. Should the data no longer be used, it will be anonymized and/or deleted in accordance with legal regulations. Should you wish to have your data deleted, please contact us. However, please note that after the confirmation of your deletion request it is not possible to restore your data.
Data protection
No financial information is collected on our Website. For any files you send us for Technical Support, Demos, etc., we use data hosting service providers in the United States to host the information we collect, and we use technical measures to secure your data. While we implement safeguards designed to protect your information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that data, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others.
Cookies, tracking tools, public area, external links, social media
Cookies
A cookie is a file that stores data on a user’s computer or returns it to the web server. The data in the file is information a user has entered using an online form, or generic information about the visiting user, such as IP address or browser type. A cookie can either be temporary or persistent, but ultimately the user is in control of it and how any cookie is stored through their web browser. Cookies help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalized service. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customize our site according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognize you when you return to our site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site. BioDiscovery does not store any financial information in cookies.
Aggregate Data
We compile, anonymize and/or aggregate Personal Data and other information collected about Websites’ visitors, as described in this Privacy Policy, and use such anonymized and/or aggregated data for our business purposes, including disclosing such data to our partners, service providers, advertisers and/or other third parties for marketing or promotional purposes. This aggregate information does not identify you. This use of your Personal Data is necessary for our legitimate interests in understanding how the websites and our products and services are being used by you and to improve your experience on it. Our use of anonymized data is not restricted by this Privacy Policy.
Social Network Widgets
Our Website may include social media sharing widgets that may provide information to their associated social media or third-parties about your interactions with our web pages that you visit, even if you do not click on or otherwise interact with the plug-in or widget. Information is transmitted from your browser and may include an identifier assigned by the social media or third party, information about your browser type, operating system, device type, IP address, and the URL of the web page where widget appears. If you use social media tools or visit social media sites, you should read their privacy disclosures, to learn what information they collect, use, and share.
Community and Public Area
Unless clearly declared a “private” area, information posted to online forums, message boards, chat areas, news groups, and other interactive web pages is available for viewing (but not discussion) by the general public. Use of such interactive web pages is voluntary and information posted on these formats may be deleted at any time. We expect communications on such pages to be respectful of others and of BioDiscovery’s mission. We do not typically monitor our interactive web pages; parents should use caution when allowing children to view those pages. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
External Links
The Website contains links to other sites. BioDiscovery is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. Websites maintained by third parties may collect information and use it in a way inconsistent with this privacy statement. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave the Website, and to read the privacy statements of each website they visit. Websites maintained by third parties may also refer to BioDiscovery products, processes, or services; unless BioDiscovery has provided explicit authority, such references in no way indicate our endorsement, recommendation, or preference.
Your rights
Subject to applicable law, you have the following rights in relation to your Personal Data:
Right of access: If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data and, if so, provide you with a copy of that Personal Data (along with certain other details). If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.
Right to rectification: If your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have it rectified or completed. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the rectification where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to erasure: You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data and we will do so in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it (we may not delete your data when other interests outweigh your right to deletion). If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to restrict processing: You may ask us to restrict or ‘block’ the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of that personal data or object to us processing it. We will tell you before we lift any restriction on processing. If we have shared your personal data with others, we will tell them about the restriction where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your personal data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to data portability: Effective 25 May 2018, you have the right to obtain your Personal Data from us that you consented to give us or that is necessary to perform a contract with you. We will give you your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You may reuse it elsewhere.
Right to object: You may ask us at any time to stop processing your personal data, and we will do so:
If we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your personal data — unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing; or
If we are processing your personal data for direct marketing.
Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling: You have the right to be free from decisions based solely on automated processing of your personal data, including profiling, that affect you, unless such processing is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us or you provide your explicit consent to such processing.
Right to withdraw consent: If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your prior consent.
Right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority: If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we have handled your Personal Data, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns.
You may exercise your rights by contacting us as indicated under the “Contact Us” section below.
Contact us
You may contact us in regard with this Privacy Policy and your rights in relation to your Personal Data
By sending an email to privacy@biodiscovery.com
By sending mail to: BioDiscovery, Inc., 715 North Douglas St., El Segundo, CA 90245, USA
By calling us at the following telephone number: + 1(310) 414-8100
You may change you communication preferences at any time by clicking on “Update your email preferences to choose the types of emails you receive” displayed at the bottom of every email correspondence.