https://www.esa.org/public-policy/get-involved/register-to-vote-and-request-an-absentee-ballot/
Skip to main content
HomePolicyGet Involved & Take ActionRegister to Vote and Request an Absentee Ballot
Register to Vote and Request an Absentee Ballot
Photo by HJL. CC BY 2.0.
The 2020 elections are happening this November. College students in STEM fields are less likely to vote than students in the humanities, social sciences and education. The presidency, all seats in the House of Representatives and a third of the seats in the Senate will be contested. Eleven state governorships and many other state and local elections will also be contested. Be sure you are registered to vote in time to participate!  Learn more about voting policies and rights in your state and register to vote at Rock the Vote, a nonprofit dedicated to engaging young people in politics.
Voting procedures and requirements for requesting an absentee ballot during the coronavirus pandemic vary by state. Visit your state board of elections website or Vote.org for deadlines and to request a ballot.
The Science Debate is asking the presidential candidates a series of science and technology policy questions. State-level coalitions are working with Science Debate and the National Science Policy Network to develop regionally tailored, nonpartisan questions for all candidates related to science, technology and health policy priorities. Check their website to see the candidate’s responses.
Your Rights
These resources from Climate Science Legal Defense Fund help scientists like you engage with candidates safely and effectively:
Participating in Political Activities: Guidelines for Federally Employed and Federally Funded Scientists
Know Your Rights: Scientific Activism and Protests
What Scientists Should Know About Writing Open Letters
Pocket Guide to Safeguarding Online Communications
Explore Get Involved & Take Action
Secondary Menu
Action Alerts
Katherine S. McCarter Graduate Student Policy Award
Policy Resources
Policy Toolkit
Policy Training
Rapid Response Team
Register to Vote and Request an Absentee Ballot
Journals and Publications
Owners of domestic cats (Felis catus) express diverse perspectives on their pets’ hunting behaviors and access to the outdoors. In some regions, policies focused on confining cats indoors, or otherwise regulating ownership, can lead to noncompliance and at worst may contribute to conflict. In the December issue of Frontiers, Crowley et al. explain how tailoring communications and management approaches to better align with owners’ perspectives could increase participation in attempts to reduce their pets’ impacts on wildlife.
Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment
Career OpportunitiesHarvard University Center for the Environment: Harvard University Environmental Fellows Program December 9, 2020Oglethorpe University: Assistant Professor of Biology (Tenure Track) December 7, 2020Harvard University: Postdoctoral Fellow in Terrestrial Ecosystem Dynamics December 3, 2020University of Texas at San Antonio: Endowed Chair/Professorship in the College of Sciences in Data-driven Climate Change Impact Research November 30, 2020Université du Québec en Abitibi-Témiscamingue: Canada Research Chair Tier II in paleoecology November 23, 2020
News
Managing Ecosystem Restoration: What Does Success Look Like?
Systems ecology-based methods from the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) to advance effective large-scale restoration projects.
Read Post
Nebraska anglers are creatures of habit
A study published in Ecological Applications shows that seven popular fishing spots across Nebraska consistently attracted visitors from the same ZIP codes, providing key insights for natural resource managers.
Read Post
Worm and Crayfish mutualism effects entire stream ecosystems
A recent paper by researchers at Appalachian State University and Virginia Tech, published in the journal Ecology, shows how some small worms can influence entire stream ecosystems.
Read Post
View All News
Instagram
Submit to our Instagram