http://www.statease.com/about-us/privacy
Support
Contact Us
Log In
Software
Design-Expert®
Free Trial
Academic Licensing
Tutorials
Registration
Testimonials
Compliance Statements
International Distributors
Installation FAQ
Downloads & Updates
Learn DOE
Quick Start Resources
Distance Learning
On-Site Training
Webinars
Stat-Ease Academy (eLearning)
Student Testimonials
Consulting
Publications
Books
Case Studies/White Papers
The Stat-Teaser Newsletter
DOE FAQ Alert
Blog
Newsroom
Events
Event List
DOE Meetings
Webinars
Stat-Ease, Inc. (“Company,” “we,” or “us”) respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy Statement describes the ways we collect information from and about you, and what we do with the information, so that you may decide whether or not to provide information to us. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you should not access this web site or use our products or services.This Privacy Policy applies to all web sites which are run by, or under the control of, Stat-Ease, Inc. (collectively, the “site” or “sites”), and our products and services. Stat-Ease, Inc. is the controller of this data. By accessing our sites or purchasing our products or services you agree to this Privacy Statement in addition to any other agreements we might have with you.This Privacy Policy does not apply to the data you input to our Products and Services, or the files generated using our Products and Services (“Your Content”). You act as the controller of Your Content.This Privacy Statement does not govern the practices of entities that our Company does not own or control, or entities that do not own or control our company or people that our Company does not employ or manage.If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices or concerns of this site, please contact us.Privacy Policy StatementOur Collection of your Personal InformationThe information we collect may include your personal information, such your first and last name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data, IP addresses, product and service selections and other things that identify you. We collect personal information from you at several different points, including but not limited to the following:when we correspond with you as a prospective purchasing agent or customer;when you initiate or authorize a third party reseller to request a quote or purchase our products and services on your behalf;when you place orders or purchase any of our products or services;when you provide data to process electronic payments (such as credit card information);when you visit our web site;when you register as an end-user of our products and an account is created for you;when you contact us for help;when you attend our webinars, workshops or classes in any format; andwhen the site sends us error reports or application analytics data.Our Use of your Personal InformationOur Company may use information that we collect about you to:deliver the products and services that you have requested;manage your customer relationship and provide you with customer and billing support;perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content;communicate with you by e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you from us;enforce our terms and conditions;manage our business;perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.Our Use and Disclosure of Third Parties to Process your Personal InformationStat-Ease, Inc. does not sell, share, rent, or trade any personal information with third parties for their promotional purposes. However, our Company uses third party vendors such as payment processors, cloud hosting services and suppliers located around the world to serve the needs of our business, workforce, and customers. In some cases, we may need to disclose or transfer your personal data within our Company or to third parties in areas outside of your home country. When we do so, we take steps to ensure that personal data is processed, secured, and transferred according to applicable law.We may share information collected with third parties during the normal course of providing the products and services listed above, and in the ways that are described in this Privacy Statement:we may provide your information to our resellers, vendors or service providers who perform functions on our behalf. These third parties are expected to honor this Privacy Statement and are also expected to follow all laws in their jurisdiction(s) with respect to Privacy and Personal Data Collection;third party contractors may have access to our databases. These contractors sign a standard confidentiality agreement;we may share your data with any joint venture or other entity under a common control or third-party acquirers. We expect these other entities will honor this Privacy Statement;we may allow a potential acquirer or merger partner to review our databases, although we would restrict their use and disclosure of this data during the diligence phase;as required by law enforcement, government officials, or other third parties pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process or requirement applicable to our Company; or when we believe, in our sole discretion, that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity or to investigate violations of our agreements or Company policies; andother third parties only with your specific consent to do so.Our Security Measures to Protect your Personal InformationOur Company uses industry-standard technologies when transferring and receiving data exchanged between our Company and other companies to help ensure its security. This site has security measures in place to help protect information under our control from the risk of accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration or unauthorized disclosure or access. However, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet. Also, if this web site contains links to other sites, our Company is not responsible for the security practices or the content of such sites.Our Use of Cookies, Web Beacons, Web Analytics Services, and LinksOur web site uses “cookies.” Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering for an account on our web site. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personal information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our site. You have many choices with regards to the management of cookies on your computer. All major browsers allow you to block or delete cookies from your system. To learn more about your ability to manage cookies, please consult the privacy features in your browser.Web Beacons: Our Company and third parties may also use small pieces of code called “web beacons” or “clear gifs” to collect anonymous and aggregate advertising metrics, such as counting page views, promotion views, or advertising responses. These “web beacons” may be used to deliver cookies that conform to our Company’s cookie requirements.Web Analytics Services: We use Google Analytics, a service for the marketing analysis of the site provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to allow us to see how you use our site so we can improve your experience. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use available at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html and the Google Privacy Policy available at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to the site by disabling cookies in your browser. If you prefer to not have data reported by Google Analytics, you can install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.We may create links to other web sites. We will make a reasonable effort to link only to sites that meet similar standards for maintaining each individual’s right to privacy. However, many other sites that are not associated with or authorized by our Company may have links leading to our site. Our Company cannot control these links and we are not responsible for any content appearing on these sites. Since this web site does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy practices of that third party. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose any personal information to others.Our Retention of your Personal InformationWe will retain any personal information only for as long as is necessary to fulfill the business purpose for which it was collected. We will also retain and use your personal information for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.International Transfers of your Personal InformationInformation collected from you may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which our Company or resellers or agents or contractors maintain facilities, and by accessing our sites and using our services, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.Your Access to and Updating of your Personal InformationWe strive to keep all personal data that we hold accurate, complete and up-to-date. You have the right to correct or amend your personal data if it is inaccurate or requires updating. You may also have the right to request deletion of your personal data. Please note that such a request could be refused because your personal data is required to provide you with the products or services you requested, e.g. to deliver a product or to send an invoice to your e-mail address, or that it is required by applicable law.If you believe that the information we hold about you is incorrect, incomplete or out-of-date, please contact us.Access to Personal InformationReasonable access to your personal information may be provided at no cost upon request made to our Company. If access cannot be provided within 72 hours, our Company will provide the requesting party a date when the information will be provided. If for some reason access is denied, we will provide an explanation as to why access has been denied.Marketing PreferencesIf you have provided us with your contact information, we may, subject to any applicable Spam Act or similar regulation, contact you via e-mail, postal mail or telephone about our products, services and events that may be of interest to you, including our newsletter.E-mail communications you receive from our Company will generally provide an unsubscribe link allowing you to opt-out of receiving future e-mails or to change your contact preferences. E-mail communications may also include a link to directly update and manage your marketing preferences. Please remember that even if you opt out of receiving marketing e-mails, we may still send you important service information related to your accounts and subscriptions.Children’s PrivacyBecause of the nature of our business, our services are not designed to appeal to minors. We do not knowingly attempt to solicit or receive any information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us immediately.Your California Privacy RightsOur Company does not currently respond to browser “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals or other mechanisms. Third parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across sites when you visit the Site or use the Service.If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us.Our site, products, and services are not intended to appeal to minors. However, if you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of our Site or Service, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please send an e-mail with a detailed description of the specific content or information to info@statease.com. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.Under California law, California residents who have an established business relationship with us may opt-out of our disclosing personal information about them to third parties for their marketing purposes.Changes to our Privacy StatementOur Company may amend this Privacy Statement at any time by posting a new version. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Statement periodically as your continued use of this web site represents your agreement with the then-current Privacy Statement.
Sales: sales@statease.com
Support: support@statease.com
Phone: 612.378.9449
International Distributors
News
Blog
Jobs
Newsroom
Events
Newsletter
Sign up for our bi-monthly newsletter with frequently asked questions about design of experiments.
Sign Up
© Stat-Ease, Inc. 2020. Design-Expert® Software is a registered trademark of Stat-Ease, Inc.
Privacy Policy. Terms of Service.