https://www.dri.edu/accessibility-policy/
Home
Partner With Us
Faculty & Staff Directory
Careers
Press Room
Contact
Accessibility
Accessibility
The Desert Research Institute is committed to providing a public website that is accessible to the widest possible audience, regardless of technology or ability. We are continually improving the user experience for everyone and applying the relevant accessibility standards. This site has been built using code compliant with WCAG 2.0 standards for HTML and CSS.
To meet this commitment, the Institute periodically reviews our implementation of the recommendations of Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act and the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG).
The Desert Research Institute takes the following measures to ensure accessibility of www.dri.edu:
Include accessibility throughout our internal policies.
Assign clear accessibility targets and responsibilities.
Conformance status
The Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) defines requirements for designers and developers to improve accessibility for people with disabilities. It defines three levels of conformance: Level A, Level AA, and Level AAA. WEBSITE_NAME is partially conformant with WCAG 2.0 level AA. Partially conformant means that some parts of the content do not fully conform to the accessibility standard.
If you are disabled and experience difficulty using the site or you would like to suggest an improvement, contact us today. To best enable our team to address your needs, describe the nature of your accessibility problem and the web address (URL) of the material with which you are having difficulty.
DRI Office of External Affairs and Communications
Attention: Justin Broglio, Communications Manager
Phone: 775-673-7610
E-mail: media@dri.edu
Visitor address: 2215 Raggio Parkway, Reno, NV
Postal address: 2215 Raggio Parkway, Reno, NV
We try to respond to feedback within five business days.
Our Assessment approach
Desert Research Institute assessed the accessibility of www.dri.edu by the following approaches:
Self-evaluation
External evaluation
A formal quality assurance process throughout the design and development process with the U.S. Department of Education, Office of Civil Rights
www.dri.edu may not compatible with:
Browsers older than three major versions or Mobile operating systems older than five years
Technical specifications
Accessibility of www.dri.edu relies on the following technologies to work with the particular combination of web browser and any assistive technologies or plugins installed on your computer:
HTML
WAI-ARIA
CSS
These technologies are relied upon for conformance with the accessibility standards used.
This Accessibility Statement is approved by:
Desert Research Institute
Office of External Affairs and Communications, Communications Manager
This statement was created on 01/03/2020 using the W3C Accessibility Statement Generator Tool.
DRI's Updated Privacy and Cookies PolicyWe use cookies to offer you a better experience on our website, analyze our site traffic, and to provide social sharing functionality for our online stories. By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with ourcookie policy.
Accept RejectPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Save & Accept