https://www.callabmag.com/about/privacy-policy/
Latest Posts
[ January 31, 2020 ]
Why USB VNAs?
Promoted Content
[ December 10, 2020 ]
NMIs demonstrate high accuracy reference measurement system for SARS-CoV-2 testing | BIPM News
News
[ November 25, 2020 ]
IAS to accredit testing laboratories to test medical devices under ASCA program
Product Announcements
[ November 24, 2020 ]
First mobile facility for testing dispensed quantity at hydrogen refuelling stations | TÜV SÜD
Product Announcements
[ November 2, 2020 ]
Hart Scientific’s UKAS-Accredited European Primary Temperature Laboratory
Archives
[ October 27, 2020 ]
Metrology Education: Opening the Door to the Next Century of Competitiveness
Archives
Search for:
HomeAboutPrivacy Policy
This policy covers how we use your personal information. We take your privacy seriously and will take all measures to protect your personal information.
Information Collection & Use:
Cal Lab Solutions and Cal Lab Magazine collects registration and other information, including email addresses, which you provide us. This is done to help us provide our customers with the best customer service and valuable information regarding relevant products and services from Cal Lab Solutions and Cal Lab Magazine.
Information Sharing & Disclosure:
We have procedures in place to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, data security, and correct use of the information we collect on-line. We will not sell, share, or rent any financial information collected from you, except as necessary to fulfill your order.
Opt-Out Features:
To opt-out, please contact us in writing and let us know your specific opt-out request and it will be fulfilled as soon as possible. We must receive your opt-out request in writing via mail, fax, or e-mail, using the information below:
Cal Lab Magazine
Attn: Privacy Manager
PO Box 111113
Aurora, CO 80042-1113
US
Email: office@callabmag.com
Fax: (303) 317-5295
Cal Lab Solutions/Cal Lab Magazine will review this privacy policy as needed and may update it periodically. By continued use of Cal Lab Magazine products and services, you consent to the collection and use of your information by Cal Lab Solutions/Cal Lab Magazine and accept any changes to this policy.
NMIs demonstrate high accuracy reference measurement system for SARS-CoV-2 testing | BIPM News
IAS to accredit testing laboratories to test medical devices under ASCA program
First mobile facility for testing dispensed quantity at hydrogen refuelling stations | TÜV SÜD
Hart Scientific’s UKAS-Accredited European Primary Temperature Laboratory
Metrology Education: Opening the Door to the Next Century of Competitiveness
Outsourcing Metrology Services
Is There an Accurate Low-Conductivity Standard Solution?
Source Based Discrepancies in UV Meter Calibrations
business
dimensional
Education
electrical
flow
force
Force & Torque
freeware
general
ISO/IEC 17025
mass & weight
measurement uncertainty
Metrology 101
national metrology institutes
news
optical
photometry
pressure
pressure & flow
research
RF & Microwave
software
temperature
time & frequency
vibration
Office:
A reader noticed the tolerances were not correct. Lower and upper limits in the table of the article have now…
Office:
Thank you Kent! ~Sita
marlett-NSTec:
In the article “Learning to Apply Metrology Principles to the Measurement of X-ray Intensities in the 500 eV to 110…
About Us
Privacy Policy
The Rules of This Site
Copyright © Cal Lab Solutions, Inc. 2011-2020