http://www.ams-samplers.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
AMS, Inc. Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all products and services offered by AMS, Inc.
In order to process orders, AMS, Inc. may send cookies - a small file containing a string of characters - to your computer that allows us to identify and track your browser. Our servers are set to automatically record log information sent by your computer when you visit the AMS website. The log information may include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. AMS, Inc. may also track the use of web links within our website in order to determine what information is helpful to our visitors, and what is not.
Information Sharing
AMS, Inc. only shares personal information with other companies or individuals outside of AMS, Inc. in the following limited circumstances:
We have the consent of the appropriate party.
Sharing information is necessary for the purpose of processing personal information on your behalf.
Access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to
satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request,
enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof,
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of AMS, Inc., its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Remarketing allows us to reach people who have previously shown interest in our services. We connect to potential customers while they’re online by showing a compelling message or offer that may encourage them to return. Third party vendors, such as Google, help us target potential clients by placing ads on the Google Display Network. Ad placement is done by using cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to your website. If visitors would like to opt-out of Google’s use of cookies, they can do so by visiting the Ads Preferences Manager or they can visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
This site uses third party cookies from Trustpilot. This is a third party company used to collect reviews from people who have purchased items from AMS.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change without notice. Any changes will be posted on this page.
*If you have any questions about the AMS, Inc. Privacy Policy, please email ams@ams-samplers.com or contact our office.
AMS, Inc. Main Office105 Harrison St.American Falls, ID 83211
Toll Free: 800-635-7330Office: 208-226-2017Fax: 208-226-7280
Top
item(s) in your cart
Go to Checkout