https://www.gradientlens.com/privacy-policy/
Account
View Cart
Request A Free Trial
800-536-0790
Products
Rigid Borescopes
Pro Super Hardy (7.20 mm dia.)
Pro Hardy (6.35 mm dia.)
Pro Slim (4.20 mm dia.)
Pro Slim Prism (4.20mm)
Pro SuperSlim (2.40 mm dia.)
Pro MicroSlim (1.85 mm dia.)
Pro MicroFlex Semi-Rigid (0.9 mm dia.)
Fiberoptic Borescopes
Pro Flexible (3.3 – 6.0 mm dia.)
Blue Flexible (2.5 or 4.0 mm dia.)
Pro MicroFlex Flexible (.020 – .059 mm dia.)
Video Borescopes
V3 HD Video Borescopes
V2 Video Borescopes
Luxxor Portable Camera
Video Systems
Luxxor Portable Camera
Lighting
Accessories
Product Search
About
About GLC
Choosing a Borescope
Our Technology
Customer Service
Applications
Aircraft Maintenance
Casting
Fuel Systems
Hydraulics
Metal Machining
Power Gen
Precision Shooting
Welding
Blog
Hawkeye Blog
Case Studies
Video Library
FAQs
Contact
Account
Resellers
View Cart
Privacy Policy
When you visit our web site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse our web site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to our web site, and information about how you interact with our web site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information, credit card numbers, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to: Communicate with you; Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud. When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our web site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with our web site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
We do not share your Order Information or Device Information with third parties except as necessary to process your order.
© 2020. Gradient Lens Corporation. All Rights Reserved.