https://www.amazingdomains.co.uk/privacy.htm
AmazingDomains.co.uk
Why Buy An Amazing Domain?
Choose the Right Domain
4 Tragic Misconceptions About Domains
6 Points to Consider When You Buy Domain Names
Advantages of Exact Match Domains
The Importance of .co.uk
Secure Transactions
7-Part Client Guarantee
Testimonials
No Haggle Pricing
How the Buying Process Works
Domain Name Categories
» Shopping» Professions» Acronym» Lighting» Kitchen» Brandable» Supplements» Dating» Bargain Bin» Forex» Photography» Food» Society» Legal» Wellness» Music» Hotels» Health» Entertainment» NamesAll Domain Categories
AmazingDomains.co.uk Privacy Policy
1.
AmazingDomains.co.uk
AmazingDomains.co.uk respects your right to the privacy of your personal information you provide us on our web site.
To that end, any personal information you provide to AmazingDomains.co.uk will be known only to two parties: you and AmazingDomains.co.uk.
The following policy is intended to explain how your personal information will be treated as you make use of our site and its features.
Personal information includes your name and e-mail addresses, click-through activity and any other personal information you may provide here.
This policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.
2.
Traffic Data
(1) Each time a visitor comes to AmazingDomains.co.uk, our server - like most on the Web - collects some basic technical information, including, for example, your domain name (e.g., whether the user has logged on from aol.com or msn.com), referral data (e.g., we record the address of the last URL a user visited prior to clicking through to AmazingDomains.co.uk) and browser and platform type (e.g., a Netscape browser on a Macintosh platform).
(2) We also count, track and aggregate the visitor's activity into our analysis of general traffic flows at our site (e.g., tracking where traffic comes from, how traffic flows within the site, etc.).
To these ends, we may merge information about visitors and visits into group data; but we will not disclose your individual identity or personally identifiable data.
3.
Other Disclosure of Personal Information
AmazingDomains.co.uk will not otherwise use or disclose your personal information without your consent except as requested by government or law enforcement authorities.
4.
Other sites
AmazingDomains.co.uk contains many links to other sites on the web.
We cannot control and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other Web sites.
If you have any further questions or concerns about our privacy policies and use of personal information, please contact us.
Copyright © 2009-2020 · Privacy · Terms of Use · About · Contact
Amazing Domains, 27 Old Gloucester Street, London, WC1N 3AX, Tel: 020 7193 3140