http://www.ebu.ch/privacy-notice
EBU - Privacy Notice
Services
EBU Academy
Eurovision News
Eurovision Sport
Legal & Policy
Media
Media Intelligence
Radio
Technology & Innovation
Member login required
Music Exchange
News Exchange
Showcase
Sport Radio Exchange
Storyboard
Initiatives
AI and Data
Contribution to Society
COVID-19 Contingency Measures
Digital Transformation
Partnership Programme
Public Service Journalism
PSM Review
Young Audiences
Events
Groups
Publications
About
About the EBU
Members
Management
Governance
Strategy
News
Careers
Press Centre
Contact
FR
Login
Search
Close
Privacy NoticeLast updated on 20 May 2020
Introduction
Download the PDF
This Privacy Notice is designed to inform you about the personal data relating to you and which is collected via this website (referred to hereinafter as the “Website”) by the European Broadcasting Union ("EBU")/ Union Européenne de Radio-Télévision ("UER") (acting as data controller and hereinafter referred to as “we”, “our” and “us”) with registered office at L’Ancienne-Route 17A, 1218 Le Grand-Saconnex (Geneva) Switzerland and registered with the Commercial Registry in Geneva (Switzerland) under number IDE CHE 107.741.078, why we collect and process your personal data, on which legal basis, and how we treat the personal data which you provide us and the personal data we obtain from your visit to the Website. By using the Website you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Notice.
Legal basis
We are only processing your personal data because you have given us specific consent or because such processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party. When the legal basis of the processing is consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of any processing carried out before the withdrawal of consent.
Personal data collected
We collect personal data relating to you (referred to hereinafter as “Personal Data”) in two ways, through registration and through cookies.
Registration may be required to access certain pages of our Website or to register to certain of our events. It may be done via email or via third-party registration tools.
To access restricted parts of our Website a log-in is required. To create a user account, you must provide us with your first and last name, company name, work email and password.
In certain instances you may also provide optional data such as your company address, phone number (office, mobile, private), fax number, job title, gender, date of birth, interests, profile picture, links to social network profiles and job title.
Cookies, information about how we use them and what types of information are collected via cookies is described in detail below.
Use of Personal Data
Your Personal Data will be used exclusively and only to the extent necessary, to allow us to:
on the basis of your specific consent, respond to your direct requests, as outlined at the time we collect your Personal Data or as otherwise explained to you prior to the use of your Personal Data
on the basis of your specific consent, create a user account and complete a user profile allowing you to benefit from a single sign-on in order to log-in to certain parts of this Website for which access is restricted as well as the EBU subsites listed here (hereinafter referred to as “EBU Subsites”) that are accessible to you depending on your specific relationship with the EBU.
Please note that after logging into the Website, any further use of an accessible EBU Subsite will be governed by the specific privacy notice and terms & conditions (if applicable) available on that EBU Subsite;
allow you to register to one of our events and facilitate feedback and interaction during such events on the basis of your acceptance of the related terms and conditions;
on the basis of your specific consent to the related cookies, perform statistics on the use of the EBU websites;
send you one or more of our newsletters or tailored communications, provided you have given us explicit prior consent to do so.
We may combine the Personal Data you submit via this Website with other personal data we have obtained about you from other sources such as email, telephone or our pages on social media platforms and for the same purposes.
We will not use your Personal Data for any new purposes which are as yet unforeseen in this Privacy Notice, except to comply with a legal obligation. In any event, prior to using Personal Data for other purposes, our Privacy Notice will be updated and we will inform you of the change. For consent-based activities, we will not process your Personal Data for new purposes without first obtaining your consent.
Special categories of personal data
To ensure optimal onsite access to our events, we may ask you to let us know if you have a disability that would require implementation of special measures to facilitate your attendance, or if you have any dietary restrictions. We will not collect or process any other special category of personal data relating to you, such as data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or other beliefs of a similar nature, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data for uniquely identifying a natural person, health, sex life or sexual orientation.
Direct marketing
We will not use your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes without your explicit prior consent, except where authorised under applicable law.
If at any time you decide to no longer receive commercial or promotional information from us, you may, free of charge and without providing any justification, opt out of any direct marketing campaigns and oppose future processing of your Personal Data for such purposes by sending us an email at privacy@ebu.ch and mentioning “opt-out” in the subject line of your email. Alternatively, you may use the opt-out procedure provided in any promotional message you receive from us.
Please note that opting out from receiving promotional messages from us will not prevent you from receiving information that relates to any contract you may have entered into with us.
No automated decision-making
We will not make use of automated decision-making processes, including profiling, except where authorised under applicable law. In such cases we will inform you of the rationale involved in the decision-making, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for you.
Sharing Personal Data to third parties and transferring Personal Data to third countries
We will not make your Personal Data available to any third party and shall not publicly disclose the Personal Data unless such transfers are based on your specific consent, necessary for the performance of a contract entered into between you and us, or when such transfer of Personal Data is otherwise authorised or compulsory by law or by order of an administration or judicial authority.
We may transfer your Personal Data to the following recipients: partners involved in our events, providers of statistical insights about the use of our Website, mailing tools used for sending our newsletters and hosting providers.
Please note that whenever your Personal Data is transferred to processors or third parties located in countries outside the European Economic Area which are not considered by the European Commission to guarantee an adequate level of protection for personal data, we will ensure that appropriate measures are implemented according to the applicable national and European legislation relating to data protection. You may obtain a copy of the safeguards we have implemented or information as to where your data has been made available by sending us an email at privacy@ebu.ch.
Use of cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or other device by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website.
General information about the cookies used
When you visit our Website for the first time, the entry page will show information on privacy through a “cookie banner” allowing you to manage cookies preferences and provide your consent to the use of specific cookies.
We may also use cookies which are required for technical reasons and for which we do not require your consent. For additional information about specific cookies click here.
To set your cookie preferences click on the button below.
Cookie Preferences
Sharing on social networks
We use a social plug-in to enable you to share our Website’s information on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and other Social Media platforms of your choice through “Share” buttons.
For data privacy reasons, we have deliberately opted against the use of direct social network plug-ins on our Website. Instead, we employ an alternative technical solution that allows you to decide whether to transmit data to the social network operators and when. Thus when you visit the Website, data is never automatically transmitted to a social network. Only when you actively click on the respective button yourself will your web browser connect to the servers of the social network, i.e. clicking on elements and then clicking on the social network’s icon indicates your consent to your browser connecting to the servers of the social network and sending data to that social network operator, whether or not you are a subscriber of that social network.
We have no influence over the nature or scope of data that social networks may then gather. For information regarding the purpose and scope of data collection, further processing and use of data by social networks and regarding your data privacy rights and relevant configuration settings, see the social networks’ respective data privacy advisories.
Links to third party websites
On certain sections of this Website, we provide links to third party websites which are not subject to this Privacy Notice. This may notably the case for third party registration tools used for registering to our events. These links are provided as a convenience to you; however please be aware that we have no control over these third parties or their websites and that they will have a different privacy notice applying to information collected from you when you are on their websites. We encourage you to read the privacy notices of all websites carefully before providing personally identifiable information.
Storage duration
We will retain your Personal Data only as long as necessary for the fulfilment of the purposes described above or as required by applicable data retention laws and statutory limitation periods for claims
Security and confidentiality
We have implemented technical and organisational measures in accordance with standard industry practices to ensure an appropriate level of security of the Personal Data processed. Nevertheless, security requires efforts from all parties involved. We thus encourage you to contribute to these efforts by taking appropriate security measures yourself, including by using strong passwords and keeping all user names and passwords (if any) confidential.
Children on the Website
This Website is not intended for or directed to children under 16. We do not knowingly collect any information from such individuals. If you believe your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us at privacy@ebu.ch.
Your rights
At any time, you may exercise your right to request access to, rectification of, and, as the case may be, erasure of any Personal Data relating to you. You may also object to data processing or request a restriction of processing and benefit from a right to data portability (as the case may be), in compliance with applicable data protection law. You may do so by fulfilling a specific request form accessible on our dedicated Data Subject Rights online platform.
Where applicable, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time, this does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent made prior to such withdrawal.
As a data subject, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (in particular in the Member State of the European Union of your usual place of residence, your place of work or the place where the violation occurred) if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes the applicable legislation relating to data protection.
Data protection officer
We have designated a data protection officer whose contact email address is dpo@ebu.ch. You may contact our data protection officer with regard to all issues related to the processing of your Personal Data and to the exercise of your rights under the applicable national and European legislation relating to data protection.
Representative in the European Union
We have designated EBU UER AISBL, Avenue des Arts 56, 1000 Brussels, Belgium as our representative in the European Union.
Effective date and changes
This Privacy Notice is effective from 24 May 2018. We reserve the right, at our complete discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Notice at any time. We encourage you to check this page periodically to read the most recent version of this Privacy Notice as a continued use of this Website after the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you acknowledge these changes.
Thank you for visiting this Website.
The European Broadcasting Union is the world’s foremost alliance of public service media, representing over a hundred organizations worldwide. We strive to secure a sustainable future for public service media, provide our Members with world-class content through the Eurovision and Euroradio brands, and build on our founding ethos of solidarity and co-operation to create a centre for learning and sharing. Find out more about us.
Our Services
EBU Academy
Eurovision News
Eurovision Sport
Legal & Policy
Media
Media Intelligence
Radio
Technology & Innovation
Follow the EBU
Newsletters
LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Podcasts
Our Websites
EBU.ch
EBU Workspace
Eurovision Song Contest
Eurovision Services
See a list of all websites >
Terms of Use
Privacy Notice
Contact
Press
Careers
Support
Cookies
Copyright EBU 2019. All rights reserved.
Scroll to top