https://www.gaussmeter.co.uk/privacy
CORONA VIRUS, We are open and have Gaussmeters in stock! Click here for more information.
£
Currency
€ Euro
£ Pound Sterling
+44 (0) 1326 372734
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Categories
Home
Support
Gaussmeters
Hall Probes
Fluxmeters
Accessories
Calibration Services
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Your PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.The Information We CollectAt Hirst Magnetic Instruments Ltd your privacy is our priority. We are committed to protecting your privacy at all times, in all situations. The information we collect about you when you register for an account is used to process your orders and to provide you with more information about our products.How Do We Use the Information We Collect?When you become a Hirst Magnetic Instruments Ltd customer, we ask you to fill out a form that requests your name, business, address and contact details. Hirst Magnetic Instruments Ltd will NOT share data with anyone else.Your  information is used solely to process orders and to provide you with follow up information about your orders and our products. This information will not be given, rented or traded to others for purposes other than order fulfilment.We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd partiesOur Use of Log FilesWhen you visit our site we automatically log your IP address, your browser type and your access times. We utilise this information to conduct site performance evaluations, to see where visitors are coming from and to keep track of click stream data (the screens our users visit on our site). This data helps us to determine what content our members find most appealing so that we can optimise your experience of the site. Log files are not tied to personally identifiable information.EmailIf you do not want to receive email about special offers from us in the future, please Contact Us to tell us that you do not want to receive email. There is also an opt-out in our promotional emails.MailIf you supply us with your postal address online you may receive mailings from us with information on new products or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please Contact Us. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list.Our Commitment to Data SecurityTo prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How You Can Correct or Update Your InformationAfter becoming an Hirst Magnetic Instruments Ltd registered customer you may correct/update your personal information by clicking the ‘login’ link at the top of the page. Enter your ID and password when prompted and click the ‘Edit Information’ buttons. The changes you make will be reflected in our databases instantly. If you wish to deactivate your account, you may contact our member services team through the Contact Us section.Links to Other SitesThis Website contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you may be leaving the Hirst Magnetic Instruments Ltd site and entering another website. These sites may independently collect or request information about you and we encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.Legal DisclaimerThough we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.Our use of CookiesCookies are pieces of information that your browser stores on your computer’s hard drive which identify you when you enter. We do not currently use cookies and the ability to select samples on our site is not cookie-driven. We may use session cookies in future to provide a seamless experience on the site and to combine with our log files so that we can understand our site traffic and analyse our demographic information in aggregate form.Your Feedback is Always WelcomeWe welcome your comments and questions about our privacy policy – or anything else you might want to talk about.