https://www.deltaohm.com/en/privacy-policy-gdpr/
Products
Parameters
Air and wind speed
Temperature
Humidity
Pressure
Soil Moisture
Meteorology
CO2 – Air Quality
Dissolved Oxygen
Light
EC – Conductivity
Microclimate
pH – Acidity
Sound & vibration
Thermal Comfort
Datalogger – Wireless
Weather station
Products Highlight
Calibrations
Home Laboratories
Air Speed
Temperature
Acoustic
Light
Pressure
Humidity
News/Exhibitions
News
Exhibitions
Company
About Us
GHM GROUP
Career
Contact & Sales
Support
Download
Software
Driver USB
LIVE DEMO HD50PM – Particulate Matter
Discontinued products
Register your product
English
Italian
Chinese
Japanese
Information on the processing of personal data according to Arts. 13-14 EU Reg. 2016/679
Delta OHM > Information on the processing of personal data according to Arts. 13-14 EU Reg. 2016/679
Interested Subjects: Internet site browsers.
DELTA OHM s.r.l. as Data Controller of your personal data, according to and for the effects of the EU Reg. 2016/679 hereafter ‘GDPR’, hereby informs you that the aforementioned law provides for the protection of data subjects regarding the processing of personal data and that this treatment will be based on principles of correctness, lawfulness, transparency and protection of your privacy and your rights.
Your personal data will be processed according to the legislative provisions of the aforementioned law and the confidentiality obligations laid down therein.
Purposes of processing: in particular, your data will be processed for the following purposes related to the implementation of obligations related to legislative or contractual obligations:
Technical and functional access to the Site: no data is kept after closing the browser;
Advanced navigation purposes or personalized content management;
Statistics and analysis of navigation and users.
The processing of functional data for the fulfilment of these obligations is necessary for a proper management of the relationship and their conferment is mandatory in order to implement the purposes indicated above. The Data Controller also states that any non-communication or incorrect communication of one of the mandatory information may cause the Data Controller’s inability to guarantee the adequacy of the processing itself.
Your personal data may also, with your consent, be used for the following purposes:
Marketing and Advertising purposes
The provision of data is optional for you regarding the aforementioned purposes and your refusal to treatment does not compromise the continuation of the relationship or the adequacy of the treatment itself.
Method of treatment. Your personal data may be processed in the following ways:
by means of electronic calculators using software systems managed by third parties;
by means of electronic calculators using managed or programmed software systems;
temporary treatment in anonymous form.
Each treatment is carried out in compliance with the methods set out in articles. 6, 32 of the GDPR and through the adoption of the appropriate security measures.
Communication: your data will be communicated exclusively to competent and duly appointed persons for the performance of the services necessary for a correct management of the relationship, with a guarantee of protection of the rights of the interested party.
Your data will be processed only by personnel expressly authorized by the Owner and, in particular, by the following categories of employees:
Marketing office;
Programmers and Analysts.
Your data may be communicated to third parties duly appointed Data Processors, in particular to:
Google: Advertising Service, Target Advertising, Analytics/Measurement, Content Customization,
Optimization; LinkedIn: Advertising target, Analytics/Measurement, Content customization;
Google Analytics: Target advertising, Analytics/Measurement, Optimization.
Disclosure: Your personal data will not be disclosed in any way.
Your personal data may also be transferred, limited to the purposes indicated above, into the following states:
EU countries
United States
Retention Period. Please note that, in compliance with the principles of lawfulness, purpose limitation and data minimization, according to art. 5 of the GDPR, the retention period of your personal data is
established for a period of time not exceeding the achievement of the purposes for which they are collected and processed and in compliance with the mandatory time limits prescribed by law
Cookie management: in case you have doubts or concerns about the use of cookies you can always intervene to prevent the setting and reading, for example by changing the privacy settings in your browser in order to block certain types.
Since each browser – and often different versions of the same browser – also differ significantly from each other, if you prefer to act independently through the preferences of your browser, you can find detailed information on the procedure required in the guide of your browser. For an overview of the most common browsing modes, visit www.cookiepedia.co.uk.
Advertising companies also allow you to opt out of receiving targeted ads, if desired. This does not prevent the setting of cookies, but interrupts the use and collection of some data by these companies.
For more information and cancellation options, visit www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
Owner: the Data Controller, according to the Law, is DELTA OHM s.r.l. (Via Marconi, 5, 35030 CASELLE DI SELVAZZANO (PD), e-mail: info@deltaohm.com, telephone: 049-8977150; VAT No: 03363960281) in the person of its legal representative pro tempore.
You have the right to obtain from the holder the cancellation (right to be forgotten), limitation, updating, correction, portability, opposition to the processing of personal data concerning you, as well as in general can exercise all the rights provided from the articles 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22 of the GDPR.
EU Reg. 2016/679: Articles 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22 – Rights of the interested party
The interested party has the right to obtain confirmation of the existence or not of personal data concerning him/her, even if not yet registered, and their communication in intelligible form.
The interested party has the right to obtain the indication:
of the origin of personal data;
of the purposes and methods of treatment;
of the logic applied in case of treatment carried out with the aid of electronic instruments;
of the identifying details of the holder, of the responsible and of the designated representative according to article 5, paragraph 2;
of the subjects or the categories of subjects to whom the personal data may be communicated or who can learn about them as appointed representative in the territory of the State, managers or agents.
The interested party has the right to obtain:
updating, rectification or, when interested, integration of data;
the cancellation, transformation into anonymous form or blocking of data processed unlawfully, including data whose retention is unnecessary for the purposes for which the data were collected or subsequently processed;
the attestation that the operations referred to in letters a) and b) have been brought to the attention, also with regard to their content, of those to whom the data have been communicated or disseminated, except in the case in which this fulfilment proves impossible or involves a use of means manifestly disproportionate to the protected right;
data portability.
The interested party has the right to object, in whole or in part:
for legitimate reasons, the processing of personal data concerning him/her, even if pertinent to the purpose of the collection;
to the processing of personal data concerning him/her for the purpose of sending advertising or direct sales material or for carrying out market research or commercial communication.
Products Parameters
Type of products
Calibrations Air Speed
Temperature
Acoustic
Light
Pressure
Humidity
News/Exibitions News
Exhibitions
Company About us
GHM GROUP
Career
Delta OHM S.r.l.
Single Member Company subject to direction and coordination of
GHM MESSTECHNIK GmbH
Via Marconi 5
35030 Caselle di Selvazzano (PD) ITALY
Email: info@deltaohm.com
Phone: +39 049 897 7150
Fax: +39 049 635 596
VAT Number IT03363960281
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept
Read More https://www.deltaohm.com/en/privacy-policy-gdpr/
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled