https://www.intelsat.com/privacy-policy
Solutions
Aviation
Government
ISPs, MNOs, and Telcos
Land Mobility
Maritime
Media
Professional Satellite Services
Global Network
Resources
Blog
Case Studies
Corporate Information
Infographics
Product Information
Tools
Videos
White Papers
About Us
Our Story
The Intelsat Experience
Corporate Responsibility
Leadership
Contact Us
Careers
Newsroom
Investors
Partners
Customer Login
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how Intelsat US LLC and its affiliates (together, “Intelsat”) collect, use, and disclose information collected from and about you when you use our website (www.intelsat.com), our subdomains, including but not limited to, our blog, our Careers site, the MyIntelsat customer portal, or our other customer service systems (together, the “Service”).  By using the Service, you agree to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
Collection of Personal Information
Information You Provide to Us
You can visit Intelsat’s website without telling us who you are.  We collect personal information about you, such as your name and email address (“Personal Information”) if you were identified as a contact in a service order or contacted us for technical support, create an account on our Career site, register for MyIntelsat, fill out a form on our website or blog, sign up to receive news releases, event invitations, or investor relations updates, submit a comment on our blog, or email us.
Many of our Services can be used without registering with us.  However, Intelsat customers that would like to manage the services they receive from Intelsat using the MyIntelsat customer portal will need to register for MyIntelsat.  If you choose to register for MyIntelsat, we require you to provide the following information:  your name, phone number, address, email address, and employer information.  You may be asked to provide additional information to confirm your identity for password establishment, re-setting, and for other purposes.
If you email us, we may retain a record of such email communication, including your email address, the content of your email, and our response.
Information We Collect Automatically
As you use the Service, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including details of your visits to our website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the website, and information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type. We also may collect information through the use of cookies.  A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your browser and stored on your hard drive when you visit a website.  A cookie helps our websites remember and customize your visit and improve our understanding of how you interact with the Service.  When you visit our Service, the cookie tells us whether you have visited us before or are a new visitor.  This allows us to measure the effectiveness of our Service and ascertain whether the Service is operating at an optimal level.  Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better Service, by enabling us to track return visits, collect usage information, and perform research, analysis, and site analytics.  The cookie does not extract any information from your computer.
In addition to information Intelsat collects directly from users, we also may receive certain information from third parties, and we may combine this information with information we have collected.
Links to Other Websites, Applications, and Services
Our Service contains links to other websites, applications, or services that Intelsat does not own, manage, or control.  Intelsat does not control the privacy practices of such third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties when you use their services.
Use of Personal Information
We use the information we collect to:
Inform you about our products and services;
Communicate with you and respond to your requests or inquiries, including as part of the “Contact Us” feature on our website;
Provide you with services if you are or become a customer of Intelsat;
Enable you to create an account, store log-in credentials, and customize certain services, such as the MyIntelsat customer portal;
Consider you for current or future job opportunities if you create an account on our Careers site;
Provide customer support or troubleshooting in connection with your use of Intelsat services;
Conduct market research and tracking of sales data, including contacting you directly or via a third party to participate in customer satisfaction surveys or questionnaires via telephone, email or otherwise, and soliciting your opinions or feedback on Intelsat’s business activities;
Support Intelsat’s educational, networking, marketing, social, recruiting, and other business purposes;
Improve our marketing and promotional efforts;
Create and improve our products or services, including improving the features and content of the Service;
Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and Intelsat, including for billing and collection; and
Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide your consent.
We do not sell your information to anyone and we do not use automated systems to make decisions about you.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We may disclose any information we collect if you specifically authorize the disclosure or in the following circumstances:
With Trusted Service Providers and Business Providers.  We may disclose your information to trusted third party service providers that we use to support our business.  These service providers may have access to your information for the limited purpose of providing the service we have contracted with them to provide.  These service providers do not have any independent right to share this information and may use it only as we direct.
Law Enforcement.  We may disclosure your personal information if required to do so by law or subpoena.  We may also disclose your information to governmental authorities or law enforcement if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to do so in order to comply with a law or regulation; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security, or technical issues; or to protect Intelsat’s rights or property.
In an Aggregate and Non-Personally Identifiable Manner.  We may disclose aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about the overall use of our Service publicly or with interested third parties to help us improve the Service.
In Connection with a Sale or Change of Control.  If Intelsat becomes involved in a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or transaction involving the sale of all or substantially all of its assets, Intelsat may disclose and/or transfer your information during any such process.
Transfer of Personal Information
Your information collected through the Service may be stored in the United States or any other country in which Intelsat, its affiliates, or its service providers maintain facilities.  We may transfer information that we collect about you, including personally identifiable information, across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world that may not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.  We rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Your Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
As permitted by law, you have options in relation to the information that we have about you,.  Specifically you have the ability to:
Be Informed and Access Data – You can ask us what personal information we maintain about you and ask us for a copy of the information we hold about you.
Change or Correct Data – You can ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Delete or Restrict Data – You can ask us to delete or restrict how we use your personal information, but this right is determined by applicable law and may impact your access to some of our Services. There may be legal or other official reasons why we need to keep or use your data.
Take Data – You can ask us for a copy of the data you provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Object to Processing of Data – You can ask us to stop processing or using all or some of your information, provided that we have no legal right to keep using it.
To find out whether you can exercise these options, please contact us at privacy@intelsat.com or at (844) 875-2020.
You can withdraw your consent at any time. Please contact us at privacy@intelsat.com or (844) 875-2020 if you want to do so. This will only affect the way we use information when our reason for doing so is that we have your consent.  If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain Services to you. If this is so, we will tell you.
Please contact us at privacy@intelsat.com or (844) 875-2020 if you are not satisfied with how we have processed your personal information.  You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
Other Important Information
Protection of Personal Information
Intelsat maintains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to, or disclosure or, any of your personal information.  We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks.  However, no data transmitted over or accessible through the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure, so we cannot guarantee the complete security of your personal information.
Lawful Basis for Processing
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have a lawful basis to do so.  The legal basis will depend on the reason we collected your information.  Lawful basis includes consent (where you have given your authorization), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you) or because it is in Intelsat’s legitimate interest to use your information to provide the Services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service is not directed to persons under the age of 13.  If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will promptly take steps to remove that information from our systems.  If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at privacy@intelsat.com.
Amendments to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.  If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on our website. We may also notify you of the change using email or other means.
Contact Us
Should you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please send us an email at privacy@intelsat.com or (844) 875-2020.  Intelsat US LLC controls the personal information collected via the Services. You can contact Intelsat US LLC at 7900 Tysons One Place, McLean, VA 22102-5972, USA.
Effective May 2018
Revision Effective January 6, 2020
Français
Português
Español