http://www.rubber.org/terms-conditions
Close
Membership
Membership Overview
Individual Membership
Corporate Membership
Join a Committee
Member Newsletters
Local Rubber Groups
Rubber Group Resources
Careers
Career Listings
Post a Position
Resume Listings
Post a Resume
Events
Spring Technical Meeting
Schedule of Events
Special Events
Technical Meeting
Hotel & Travel
2020 International Elastomer Conference
2021 International Elastomer Conference
Want to Exhibit?
Want to Attend?
Industry Events Calendar
Upcoming Rubber Division, ACS Events
Past Rubber Division, ACS Events
Education/Training
Education/Training Overview
Upcoming Training
Elastomer Training Center
Important Info
Online Training
Student Services
Student Outreach Program
Student Chapters
Scholarships
Student Colloquium
Rubber Band Contest
Publications/RC&T Journal
Publications
Rubber Chemistry & Technology Journal
Member Access
Subscribe
Permissions
Authors/Reviewers
Library & Research
Research Services
Technical Papers
Resources
Oral History Interviews
Awards
Awards Overview
Science & Technology Awards
Current Year Recipients
Award Descriptions & Sponsors
How to Nominate
Past Recipients
S&T Award Sponsorship
Rubber Technology Training Award
Best Paper Awards
Service Awards
Sponsorship
Sponsorship Overview
12-Month Sponsorship
Current Sponsors
Conference Sponsorship
Student Outreach Program Sponsorship
Current Sponsors
Scholarship Sponsorship
About Us
About Rubber Division, ACS
Engage With Us
Staff Information
Executive Committee
Chair's Corner
Past Division Chairs
News
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Last updated: 06/10/16
Please read these Terms of Service (the “Terms”) carefully before using the www.rubber.org website (the “Service”) operated by Rubber Division, ACS.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with
these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.  These Terms and use of the Service are also subject to the Rubber Division, ACS Web Site Privacy Policy and Security Statement.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with
any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
DISCLAIMER
The Rubber Division, ACS website might not have full functionality when used with certain web browsers.  Rubber Division, ACS is not responsible for the accuracy or legality of the content of the Service.  The user is responsible for the evaluation of the accuracy and/or applicability of any information obtained through the Service or other websites linked by the Service.  Rubber Division, ACS makes no representations or warranties whatsoever with respect to your use of the Service, and specifically disclaims any liability, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused, or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with the use of, or reliance on, the Service.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Rubber Division, ACS. Rubber Division, ACS has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Rubber Division, ACS shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to any conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect.  These Terms supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time without notice.  By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us via e-mail from the contact us page of our website, by telephone at 330-595-5531, or at the following address.
Rubber Division, ACS
306 N. Cleveland Massillon Rd.
Commonwealth Square
Akron, OH 44333