http://www.neha.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
You are hereHome > Privacy Policy
Share
Print
Privacy Policy
National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by National Environmental Health Association (NEHA). This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) does not read any of your private online communications.
National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) and National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) collects and uses your personal information to operate the National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) Web site and deliver the services you have requested. National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) and its affiliates. National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to National Environmental Health Association (NEHA), and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within National Environmental Health Association (NEHA), in order to determine what National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of National Environmental Health Association (NEHA); and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of National Environmental Health Association (NEHA), or the public.
Use of Cookies
The National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) pages, or register with National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) site or services, a cookie helps National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) is protecting your information.
Contact Information
National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy Statement. If you believe that National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) has not adhered to this Statement, please contact National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) at webmaster@neha.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Share
Print
×