http://www.metropolis.org/policy-cookies
Skip to main content
Search
Search
Policy on cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files containing a string of characters that can be placed on your computer or mobile device that uniquely identify your browser or device.
What are cookies used for?
Cookies allow a site or services to know if your computer or device has visited that site or service before. Cookies can then be used to help understand how the site or service is being used, help you navigate between pages efficiently, help remember your preferences, and generally improve your browsing experience. Cookies can also help ensure marketing you see online is more relevant to you and your interests.
Cookies on our website
Metropolis uses the following cookies on this website, for the following purposes:
Strictly Necessary Cookies:
These cookies are essential, as they enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing logged in or secure areas. Our content management system (Drupal) provide this cookies to let us know if you are logged in or not or if your browser accepts javascript.
Google Analytics:
To analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store and use this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Google Translate:
This cookie is associated with the use of the Google Translate widget on our pages. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
AddThis:
AddThis is a technology company that enables web sites and users to easily share content with others through sharing icons and destinations of social bookmarking. The AddThis cookies are used in order to enable the content to be shared. AddThis is also used to collect information about how website content is shared. Cookies help uniquely identify a user (not personally, but in terms of direction) to avoid repeating tasks within a specified time period. AddThis privacy policy is available at: http://www.addthis.com/privacy.
How long will cookies stay on my device?
The length of time a cookie will stay on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a “persistent” or “session” cookie. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing. Persistent cookies stay on your computer or mobile device until they expire or are deleted.
First and third party cookies
First-party cookies are cookies that belong to Metropolis, third-party cookies are cookies that another party places on your device through our website. Third-party cookies may be placed on your device by someone providing a service for Metropolis, for example to help us understand how our website is being used.
How to control and delete cookies
If you want to delete cookies follow the instructions at http://www.wikihow.com/Clear-Your-Browser%27s-Cookies. If you wish to disable your browser from receiving cookies follow the instructions at http://www.wikihow.com/Disable-Cookies. Note that if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain parts of our Service and other parts of our Service may not work properly. You can find out more information cookie settings at third-party information sites, such as www.allaboutcookies.org.
Copyright on this site is licensed under a Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License
Website by Punt Zero