http://www.ifps.org/privacy-notice
Create Account
Log in
Shopping cart
(0)
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Certification/Recert
Membership
Training/Resources
Fluid Power Reference Handbook
Technical Posters
Web Seminars, Study Groups and Virtual Training
News/Events
Menu
Certification/Recert
Certifications Offered
Fluid Power Specialist
Fluid Power Technician
Fluid Power Mechanic
Fluid Power
Connector&Conductor
Fluid Power Engineer
Fluid Power System Designer
Accredited Instructor & Job Performance Proctor
Recertification
Corporate Packages
Membership
Training/Resources
Fluid Power Reference Handbook
Books
Hydraulics
Electrohydraulics
Technical References
Pneumatics
Training (online and classroom)
Safety Cards, Posters and More
Fluid Injection Safety Cards
Safety Posters
Animated Circuits
Study Manuals
Study Manuals - Flash Drive
Study Manuals - Print
Study Manuals - Interactive
Fluid Power Standards
Student Resources
Technical Posters
Web Seminars, Study Groups and Virtual Training
Technical Articles
Certified Authorized Job Performance Proctor
Virtual Annual Mtg.
Shop Our Store
Patches and Apparel
Books, Training, Safety Info
and More
News/Events
Privacy and Policies
Privacy Policy The protection of your privacy is very important to us at IFPS. IFPS does not collect personally identifiable or confidential information about individuals or companies using this Web site except when such individuals specifically provide information on a voluntary basis. For example, we may collect such information in the registration process areas of this Web site or when registering as an IFPS Member Company or User. When we collect this information, we use it to establish individual accounts and member profiles, which are protected by a password that you select.
Except as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, personally identifiable information on individual Users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the User at the time of collection, except where IFPS is selling all or substantially all of the assets of the organization.
In order to provide the best service for our IFPS member companies and their employees, IFPS monitors and tracks usage of this Web site, and collects whatever information it deems relevant at any appropriate time.
Notwithstanding anything else set forth in this Privacy Policy, you acknowledge and agree that we may preserve information as described herein and other Content posted to this Web site and may also disclose information and Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the Terms of Use; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Web site, IFPS, and its Members. If we believe you have breached the Terms of Use, especially with regard to the Acceptable Use Policy and the transmitting, publishing or distributing of pornographic, obscene, offensive, threatening, harassing, libelous, hate-oriented, harmful, defamatory, racist, illegal or otherwise objectionable materials or content, we will report such conduct to the appropriate authorities and turn over any and all information, including personally identifying information, to appropriate persons or entities. We will also comply with any laws or legal processes that may require disclosure of personally identifying information.
Further, IFPS attempts to store personally identifiable information of members in secure databases protected by passwords as well as database and network firewalls in order to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of such personally identifiable information. While no security systems are infallible, we will prosecute any unauthorized access to secured information to the fullest extent of the law. We periodically review and update security measures to insure the best possible protections for the membership.
As IFPS expands the range of options and services available from this Web site, the collection and use of personal data will also change to serve you better. We therefore reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time and will post notice of such changes to this Web site.
Bylaws All IFPS Members may request a copy of the IFPS Bylaws; e-mail Donna Pollander, IFPS Executive Director.
E-mail address usage: IFPS encourages open communication between our members. We respectively ask that your member-to-member communications keep to industry-related questions. Utilizing member’s email addresses for any type of solicitation is strictly prohibited and will result in revocation your membership. IFPS does not allow members to use members’ contact information to send job solicitation, spam, or threats. If you are found in violation the IFPS e-mail policy, you may be subject to a revocation of your IFPS membership.
If you have any questions or concerns about privacy and security at IFPS, please e-mail Donna Pollander, IFPS Executive Director.
Copyright Notice
All pages contained on the IFPS Web site, www.ifps.org, electronically produced and published articles, databases, and ancillary scripting software are copyrighted by IFPS. The IFPS is a not-for-profit corporation. All rights reserved. Reproduction of any IFPS page, in any form, is strictly prohibited without prior written permission from the publisher or IFPS Director. Permission is granted to copy pages, links, and other materials that make up the IFPS Web site for private, personal use only. All other permission requests should be made here.
Third Party Content
Original authors of all original materials on IFPS Discussion Board(s) retain copyright of their own works. Such materials may be removed upon request to the Webmaster, and such requests will be fulfilled by IFPS immediately. All rights are reserved by the authors for the use and display of their works. IFPS is always interested in protecting the ownership and intellectual rights of authors. All other company and/or product names and/or content are trademarked, registered trademarked, or copyrighted by their respective owners.
Discussion Forums - Social Media
The Social Media forums on the IFPS Web site are moderated.  Accordingly, users will be held directly and solely responsible for the content of messages that are posted. The Webmaster will perform an administrative review for the purpose of deleting messages that are off topic or irrelevant, serve as advertisements or seem otherwise inappropriate. IFPS has full discretion to delete messages. Users are encouraged to read the Social Media Forum rules displayed in each discussion forum first before participating in that forum.
Disclaimer
Although IFPS strives for the highest quality in the resources offered here, unless otherwise noted the IFPS is not responsible for the validity or accuracy of the material presented on the IFPS Web site. Materials on IFPS Web site are thought to be accurate, but no warranties, express or implied, are made. IFPS disclaims any warranty of merchantability or warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. IFPS will not be held liable for any direct, consequential, or other damages resulting from the negligence of IFPS or its agents. Use of this Web site constitutes understanding and acceptance of these provisions.
Information
Sitemap
FAQ
Careers in Fluid Power
Fluid Power Standards
What is Fluid Power?
Why Get Certified?
Privacy and Policies
Conditions of Use
About us
Contact us
Customer service
Certified Professional Search
Test Location Search
Search
News/Events
FORUM - Members Only
Recently viewed products
New products
Contact us
General Information and Fee Policies
My account
My account
Orders
Addresses
Shopping cart
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Google+
Copyright © 2020 IFPS. All rights reserved.
Powered by nopCommerce