http://www.worklifeconsulting.co.uk/privacy.aspx
WorkLife Consulting Ltd.
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how WorkLife Consulting Ltd. uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected at all times.
We do not share personal information with third-parties nor do we store information we collect about your visit to this website for use other than to analyze content performance through the use of cookies, which you can turn off at anytime. We are not responsible for the republishing of the content found on this Web site or media without our permission. This privacy policy is subject to change without notice.
We are committed to ensuring that any information you may send us is secure. In order to prevent any unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
You may request details of all personal information we hold about you under the Data Protection Act of 1998. A small fee will be payable for this service. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to WorkLife Consulting Ltd., 52 Vesta Road, London, SE4 2NH.
Cookies
We may store information about you using cookies (files which are sent by us to your computer or other access device) which we can access when you visit our site in future. We use four cookies on our site to run our Google Analytics tool (www.google.com/analytics) which helps us to understand better how the site is used by visitors and what pages are popular. We also use one cookie to record your cookie preferences and to ensure the site is complying with your privacy wishes. Please note we cannot identify you personally through any of these five cookies.
If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. Our four Google Analytics cookies will have the names '_utma', '_utmb', '_utmc', and '_utmz', and our our cookie management is handled by 'civicAllowCookies'.
Information on deleting or controlling cookies is available at www.AboutCookies.org. Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our site.
Home Page
Follow this link back to the home page
Home >>