http://www.essex.ac.uk/disclaimer/website-privacy-and-cookies-policy
We are Essex
Study
Subject areas
Undergraduate study
Postgraduate study
Short courses and CPD
International students
Study abroad
Study online
Apprenticeships
Summer Schools
Life
Our campuses
Accommodation
Faith
Student facilities
Student services
Essex Sport
Chat with our students
New students
Welcome to Essex
Before you arrive
Information for families
International students
Research
Our research
Research showcase
Media requests
Research Excellence Framework (REF)
Areas of study
Find a supervisor or explore our research
Research blog
Business
Expertise for business
Knowledge Gateway
Facilities
Recruit our students and graduates
Training, Apprenticeships and CPD
Find a course
COVID-19
About us
Open Days, Applicant Days and Campus Tours
Departments
Centres and Institutes
News
Events
Blog
Alumni
Philanthropy
Schools and colleges
Sustainability
Global Essex
Contact us
Jobs
Students
Staff
Public Information Directory
I'm looking for...
Courses
Research
People
Something else
Select Level
Undergraduate
Postgraduate
Unable to find any suggestions for your query...
Prefer to see our subject areas?
Browse courses by subject
Unable to find any suggestions for your query...
Looking for funded postgraduate opportunities?
View doctoral training partnerships
Browse postgraduate research opportunities
Unable to find any suggestions for your query...
We are different and we are the same. #WeAreEssex
Read our stories
Unable to find any suggestions for your query...
Looking for student or staff information?
Student Directory
Staff Directory
Courses
Select Level
Undergraduate
Postgraduate
Unable to find any suggestions for your query...
Prefer to see our subject areas?
Browse courses by subject
Research
Unable to find any suggestions for your query...
Looking for funded postgraduate opportunities?
View doctoral training partnerships
Browse postgraduate research opportunities
People
Unable to find any suggestions for your query...
We are different and we are the same. #WeAreEssex
Read our stories
Something else
Unable to find any suggestions for your query...
Looking for student or staff information?
Student Directory
Staff Directory
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are consenting to their use. Please visit our cookie policy to find out which cookies we use and why.
View cookie policy.
Disclaimer
Website privacy and cookies policy
Site documentation
Website privacy and cookies policy
Disclaimer
Accessibility Hub
Copyright Takedown Policy
Website privacy and cookies policy
Cookies list
Why we collect data
This statement explains what information we gather when you visit our website and lets you know how this information is used and protected.
The purpose for collecting and processing data is to maintain and monitor the performance of our website, and to constantly look to improve the services we offer you.
On a legal basis, we are processing your personal data for our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to our processing of your personal data. We use this information to bring you the best content and experience on our website. If you don’t provide us with the required personal data, we’ll try to provide you with the best service, but it may be difficult.
What does a legitimate interest mean? We process your information for our legitimate interests and those of third parties while applying appropriate safeguards that protect your privacy. This means that we process your information for things such as: Maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users Understanding how people use our services to improve the performance of our services Ensuring our services to provide you with a better user experience Detecting, preventing or otherwise addressing fraud, abuse, security or technical issues with our services Researching and improving our services for our users
When this policy applies The University hosts a number of websites on various web servers: this policy covers websites hosted at www.essex.ac.uk, www1.essex.ac.uk, www2.essex.ac.uk, courses.essex.ac.uk, blogs.essex.ac.uk, moodle.essex.ac.uk, libwww.essex.ac.uk, and perception.essex.ac.uk; other University of Essex web servers have their own privacy policies. Our web pages link to external websites: the University has no responsibility for privacy or other legal issues relating to these external sites. This privacy policy, and the ways in which personal data may be gathered and processed via this website, are subject to review and development and any such changes will only be notified by this page. This policy was last reviewed on 24 May 2018.
Data collection
It is standard practice for web servers to collect data automatically about all requests for files (web pages, images, etc).  As we are processing Data gathered by University of Essex web servers include:
What data is collected?
Your IP address
Details about your web browser
Details about the files requested
Date and time of requests for each file requested,
The referring page, if any, from which you may have followed a hyperlink
Search terms and search results
The domain from which your request originated
Your username, if you have authenticated with the webserver
In addition to data collected automatically by the webservers, some of our pages request additional information; for instance, the prospectus request form asks for contact and other details, and the MyEssex portals allow you to record a range of preferences so that you can customise whatyou see. Where this happens you will find further specific information about the data gathered and its use.
Additional data for specialist applications
Specialist applications, including the MyEssex portals and e-learning tools, such as Moodle, Perception and OCS gather user data specific to their intended purpose. Data gathered by these applications includes user identifiers, tracking information, user contributions (e.g. on discussion forums, submitted essay content and assessment answers).
Personalisation
We use cookies to personalise content for you.
When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to.
What we use personalisation for:
Personalise the content you see on the website so that it is more relevant to you based on your profile or interests
Display our website in a tailored way, for example, show you course or subject specific content we think you might like
Enable you to share our content with others using social media or email
Communicate (and personalise such communication) with you through our newsletters, (but only those you have consented to receive)
Improve the design and style of the website
Inform you about courses, services or promotional offers that you might find interesting if you have chosen to receive that type of communication
Interface personalisation, such as language, or any user-interface customisation (i.e. parameters attached to your device including your screen resolution or font preference), etc
We use functional cookies to enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
What personal data do we collect from you?
Data related to your use of our website, including:
Where you came from
Login details
Pages you looked at
Duration of your visit
Technical information:
Your IP address
Browser information
Device information
Your unique ID which is given to each visitor, and the expiration date of the ID
What about cookies?
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer. They relate to a specific site, and can be used to enhance that site's functionality and your interaction with it; they may also be used for usage tracking, research, targeting, etc.
You can control the use of cookies on your computer by adjusting your web browser preferences, choosing to allow them, block them, only allow them from selected sites or only allow certain types of cookies. Restricting cookies for a site may interfere with some of the functionality of that site, though.
Details of the cookies we use are available elsewhere: Cookies on the University website.
For more information about cookies please see www.allaboutcookies.org
Google AdWords remarketing
We use the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. This could mean that we advertise to you if you haven't completed a task on our site.
For example, looking at course details but not making an application. The advert could be in the form of an advertisement on your Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on your past visits to our website. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page. If you want, you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely using your cookie settings or a browser plugin.
Google Analytics
We use a third-party product, 'Google Analytics', to help us understand how our site is used. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to different parts of the website. This is to help us make continuous improvements of the website performance.
For this to work, cookies are used and information about your use of our site, including your IP address, may be transmitted to, and stored by, Google. This information is subject to Google's Privacy Policy. As with other cookies, you can control the use of cookies on your computer by adjusting your web browser preferences. Google also provide a browser plug-in which allows you to opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites.
If you visit our pages, your data will be recorded by Google Analytics and used for reporting. If you do not visit the website again within the next 26 months, your data will be deleted.
If you visit our pages via a proxy server, some of the logged data will be obscured; for instance, the IP address collected will be that of the proxy server rather than that of your computer.
Hotjar
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimise this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behaviour and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymised form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy. You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.
Click Dimensions tracking
We use a tracking script on our website so that we can see the behaviours of our users who complete some of our forms such as our Prospectus Request form, Open Day form and enquiry forms, or who enter the website by clicking on a link from an email sent by the university. This allows us to see which pages have been clicked on, how long a user spent on a certain page, and how they got to our website. When a user completes our form and accepts the terms and conditions saying they are happy for their data to be recorded, this is passed into our database and allows us to tailor our emails better for our users and ensure you only receive the things you really want to receive.
Live chat
We use live chat software on our website, this is provided by Click4Assistance, a 3rd party UK based Software Company. Find more information regarding how the data is processed and stored can be viewed.
What we do with the data
Data relating to web server requests are used for completion of the current activity (e.g. a request to view a web page), and are subsequently stored in log files, which are later processed to provide statistical information about usage, load on servers, traffic patterns, troubleshooting, incident investigation, etc.
These data are also recorded by Google Analytics which is used by the University to report on web traffic on its sites. Analysis of web usage may be used for: systems and performance monitoring; research; marketing (e.g. analysis of demographic information and user behaviour). Information gathered by specialist applications such as e-learning tools and portals will be used to support the function and management of those applications. Information gathered will not be used to contact users, except where consent has been explicitly given or where security incidents are under investigation.
Do we share the data?
Personal data will not be passed on to third parties and will remain confidential, unless explicitly stated (e.g. if a web form is gathering data to be passed on to an external partner). The four exceptions to this are:
Log files and other data may be analysed by the
University's external support providers when investigating
faults and other technical issues relating to webserver
performance.
Many University of Essex web pages include tracking code
which allows Google Analytics to record usage and traffic
information. These data are held on Google servers, are used
for reporting and analysis by the University and a limited
number of external consultants; they are
not shared with any other parties. They are not used to
identify individuals.
Data entered by the user for online ordering of certain
goods and services are passed to our credit card-processing
partner Netbanx together with a unique transaction number
when required for the purpose of processing online orders
and payments. Such data is also stored by the University in
accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018. University web
pages do not gather details of your credit or debit card.
Data may be passed to the police and other authorities
where it is required in the investigation of illegal
activities and security breaches.
Where data is passed to third parties, it is done so in compliance with the Data Protection Act 2018.
Anonymised usage data may be provided in publicly-available webstatistics; any such data cannot be traced to individual users.
Data Protection Act
Under the Data Protection Act 2018, any individuals about whom the University
may be holding personal data have the right to access the data that is being
held about them. Full details about how this works, and how to request such
information are available on the Records Management web pages under How to access your personal data.
You always have the choice to experience our sites without personalised advertising based on your web browsing activity. Your privacy is important to us.
Get in touch
Data Protection Officer
For any enquiries relating to Data Protection or our privacy policy please email us.
Email:
dpo@essex.ac.uk
Life at Essex
What it's like to live at Essex
Study at Essex
Find a course
CHAT TO US
ASK OUR STUDENTS AND STAFF ANYTHING
STUDY
Browse our courses by subject area
Undergraduate study
Postgraduate study
Short courses and CPD
International students
Study online
Apprenticeships
Summer Schools
Find a course
LIFE
Essex living
Essex Sport
Colchester Campus
Southend Campus
Loughton Campus
Student facilities
Student services
RESEARCH
Research excellence
Research showcase
Media requests
Research Excellence Framework (REF)
Research institutes and centres
EXPLORE
About us
Departments
Contact us
How to pay your fees
Jobs
A-Z
Students
Alumni
Staff
Business
CONTACT US
Contact
General - enquiries@essex.ac.uk
Undergraduate - admit@essex.ac.uk
Postgraduate - pgadmit@essex.ac.uk
+44 (0) 1206 873333
University of Essex
Wivenhoe Park
Colchester CO4 3SQ
Disclaimer
Accessibility
Privacy and cookie policy
Our transparency return
Modern slavery and human trafficking
CONNECT WITH US
© 2020 University of Essex. All rights reserved