https://www.wolflabs.co.uk/privacypolicy
Homepage
Browse by Manufacturer
Browse by Manufacturer
News
Special Offers
Login
Login
Login
Login
0
About Wolflabs
Need Help?
Contact Us
Prize Draw
Register / Login
0
HOME
LABORATORY PRODUCTS
MANUFACTURERS
NEWS
Home
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE Wolf Laboratories collects certain information or data about you when you sign up to
www.wolflabs.co.uk, or contact us by telephone on 01759 301142 or using our online contact form here. We collect:Questions, queries or feedback you leave, including your email address and telephone number if
you contact us via www.wolflabs.co.uk, by phone, by email or by placing an orderYour email address when you sign up to our website or contact us using a company email
address to receive our marketing emails, and information on how you use our emails - for
example whether you open them and which links you click on.Information on how you use the site, using cookiesThe data entered when you request a quote, place an order, or open an account via our
sales team This data can only be viewed by authorised people in Wolf Laboratories to:Improve the site by monitoring how you use itGather feedback to improve our services, for example our email alertsRespond to any requests you send us, if you’ve asked us toSend marketing emails to users who have not opted outAllow you to access special pricing on our website and make transactions Where your data is storedWe store your data on secure servers in the European Economic Area (EEA). Keeping your data secureWe implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information
when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via
Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway provider’s
database only accessible to those authorised with special access rights to such systems, who
are required to keep the information confidential.
We are responsible for the information that we collect and committed to ensuring that your
information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in
place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
information we collect online.Our Payment Service Provider is Sage Pay – the largest independent payment service provider
(PSP) in the UK and Ireland.Sage Pay provides a secure payment gateway (Level 1 PCI DSS), processing payments for
thousands of online businesses, including ours. It is Sage Pay’s utmost priority to ensure that
transaction data is handled in a safe and secure way.Sage Pay uses a range of secure methods such as fraud screening, IP address blocking and 3D
secure. Once on the Sage Pay systems, all sensitive data is secured using the same
internationally recognized 256-bit encryption standards.Sage Pay is PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) compliant to the highest
level and maintains regular security audits. They are also regularly audited by the banks and
banking authorities to ensure that their systems are impenetrable.Sage Pay is an active member of the PCI Security Standards Council (PCI SSC) that defines
card industry global regulation.In addition, you know that your session is in a secure encrypted environment when you see
https:// in the web address, and/or when you see the locked padlock symbol alongside the URL.So, when buying through our site you can be sure that you are completely protected.We have procedures and security features in place to keep your data secure once we receive it,
however please bear in mind that no internet transmission is 100% secure. We can’t guarantee
the security of your data while it’s in transit: any data you send is at your own risk.No data is transferred or taken off site on personal devices. How long will the personal data be stored?We will keep your personal data until you make a deletion request or for as long as necessary to
provide the services you have requested or for other necessary purposes, such as fulfilling legal
obligations, resolving disputes and enforcing our policies.Hard copy data is stored securely as per the time frame outlined by government legislation. Disclosing your informationWe will only share essential information from your data with our suppliers/manufacturers/
subcontractors if deemed absolutely necessary to allow us to respond to any requests you send
us.We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our
subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the
UK Companies Act 2006. We may share your information with selected third parties including:Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any
contract we enter into with you. Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and
optimisation of our site.Credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where
this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you. Your rightsYou have the right to know what personal data we store on you. You can find out what
information we hold and ask us not to use any of the information we collect at any time. Contact
us on sales@wolflabs.co.uk or 01759 301142 with your requests, which will be submitted to the
assigned Data Controller for Wolflabs.You can unsubscribe or change your settings for email alerts at any time by selecting the
‘unsubscribe’ link that appears in every email. ChildrenWe are in compliance with the requirements of GDPR in relation to collecting data. We do not
collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services
are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. Links to external websiteswww.wolflabs.co.uk contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to
www.wofllabs.co.uk and does not cover other websites that we link to.If you follow a link to another website from the above noted, read the privacy policy on that
website to find out how they process your personal information. Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe may modify, alter or update this Privacy Policy at any time. We will not provide individual
notice to you of changes to this Privacy Policy, but when we make updates to this Privacy Policy,
we will update the date noted in the document. If you have any questions about how Wolf Laboratories uses your personal data that are not answered
here, or if you want to exercise your rights regarding your personal data, please contact us by telephone on 01759 301142 or using our online contact form here. Last updated 04/09/2019
CONTACT US
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to our response administrator at: Wolflabs, Colenso House, 1 Deans Lane, Pocklington, YORK, YO42 2PX
or by email using our online form here.
Thank you for visiting our site.
ABOUT WOLFLABS
Who are Wolf Labs?
Meet The Team
Employment Opportunities
Cool Earth
Discounted Pricing
Fun Fact
Competition
INFORMATION
Contact Us
Environmental Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Certificates & Policies
Accessibility
GET IN TOUCH
Address
Wolflabs,Colenso House,1 Deans Lane,Pocklington, YORK,YO42 2PX
Telephone
01759 301142
Email
Contact Us
All Rights Reserved. Registered in England and Wales Registration No. 03011929 VAT Registration No. 630 9368 34.
ISO 9001 & ISO 14001
WARNING
OK
CANCEL
OK
OK