https://www.bapt.org.uk/about-bapt/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use & Privacy - The British Association for Psychological Type
Skip to content
Members Log-inUseful LinksContact UsFind a Type Practitioner
The British Association for Psychological Type
Main Menu
HomeAbout BAPTMenu Toggle
What is BAPT? Meet the Trustees Other Roles Regional Groups About Typeface Frequent Questions Terms of Use and Privacy
EventsMembershipMenu Toggle
Benefits of Joining Join BAPT Volunteer with BAPT Other ways to Help
ResourcesMenu Toggle
Journals TypeFace Archive Online BAPT Library ‘In Conversation’ archive Webinars and more Articles
About TypeMenu Toggle
Jungian Type Type Lenses Enneagram Type Books and Links
BAPT 2020 conference Members Log-inUseful LinksContact UsFind a Type Practitioner
HomeAll about BAPTTerms of Use & Privacy
Terms of Use & Privacy
Introduction
Conference & Events
Membership
Website
Privacy Policy
Introduction
The British Association for Psychological Type is a non profit organisation (Charity No 1045 772) also referred to as “BAPT”, “we” and “our” in this document. We have “Members” who subscribe annually to be part of BAPT, in return for access to “TypeFace” the quarterly magazine, the BAPT Library of books related to Type, and other resources. BAPT is run by “the Board” of six Trustees who are currently all voluntary, and the Typeface Editor and Assistant Editor are also voluntary.
This page sets out the key policies we use in running membership, events and the website for your information and may be changed by us from time to time without specific notice to you.
Conference and Other Events
Payment and discounts
Unless otherwise stated, the full conference fees include delegate materials as appropriate, refreshments, meals and overnight accommodation. Day-only delegates get materials, refreshments and lunch.
The cost and the inclusions of other events will be determined by the Board on an individual event basis, depending on the specific context of each event.
We can accept payment by credit/debit card via PayPal, and this will be part of the online registration process. The PayPal email confirmation is your receipt which you should print if required.  We regret that we cannot accept payment by American Express. All fees must be paid for prior to an event.
We reserve the right to close Registration for an event early if the attendance limit for a venue has been reached.
Cancellations and changes
Information is on any Conference or Event registration page for the cancellation policy of that specific event, should delegates need to cancel their booking. This covers BAPT’s committed costs in respect of the event, which may change from one year to the next. We reserve the right to consider individual extenuating circumstances in relation to such cancellations.
However, substitute delegates can be accepted at no extra charge if BAPT is notified in writing/email no less than 7 working days before the event.
All cancellations or requests for transfer are to be made in writing/email to membership@bapt.org.uk
Speakers and detailed timings for an event may alter, and changes posted in the online programme (or an errata in the printed programme) as soon as possible.
In the very remote chance that a conference might have to be cancelled due to circumstances beyond our control, all delegates and sponsors would be informed of any changes at the earliest possible opportunity by email.
BAPT will not be held liable for cancellation for circumstances beyond our control. If we have to cancel, we will refund delegate and sponsorship fees paid but will not be responsible for any other losses that delegates or sponsors may have incurred.
Delegate list & photography
To aid networking during and after our events, the names of delegates and their email addresses may be included in a list of delegates made available on the day. If the event is sponsored the list of delegates will also include those who are in sponsoring companies, but this information will not be released to third parties and all contact details remain strictly private. This list is intended for personal networking only and is not to be used for mailing lists whether by corporates or small businesses.
If you would prefer your name not to appear on the delegate list, please indicate on the Registration form.
At some large BAPT events, a photographer may be present. By agreeing to these terms and conditions, delegates hereby grant BAPT the right to take photographs of them and authorise the use and publication of the same in print (eg in TypeFace) and/or electronically (eg on the website). You also agree that BAPT may use such photographs with or without your name for any lawful purpose, for example publicity, illustration, advertising and web content.
Membership
Details about the current membership rates are currently posted on the BAPT website under Membership > Benefits of Joining. Preferential rates and/or discounts may be given to specific groups as determined by the Board. This does not imply such discounts will always be available.
Joining and renewing are via online forms which are linked to PayPal. This allows payment by card and simplifies administration for BAPT.  Membership is due for renewal on the 1st of October each year, and we encourage members to set up a Standing Order with their bank if possible. Otherwise, PayPal is the payment option.
If a member does not renew their membership in the autumn, they will lose access to the BAPT members’ resources area, TypeFace, and potentially the information they have entered in the Register of Practitioners. To maintain continuity, we recommend setting up a Standing Order for the membership subscription.
If you are logged in when you renew your membership, some of the fields will be pre-populated with the information we currently hold, such as your name.
If the renewal date passes and a member has not renewed, BAPT reserves the right to remove their details from the system after a period of time (currently 3 months) and before the next conference registration begins. Removing details will include removal from the Register of Practitioners. You are welcome to re-join at any time.
Membership gives discounts for the annual conference and events hosted by BAPT and other Type organisations. See Benefits of Membership here.
Website
The website is set up in WordPress to allow for secure login by individual members and Administrators. No record is kept of passwords and it is up to the individual to keep a record. However, the platform has provision for re-setting your password. If you have continued problems with a password, contact membership@bapt.org.uk.
Access
The BAPT website is mostly open to the public, with a Member’s login only required for the Resources area and to edit your User and Public Profiles. If you attempt to access a secured page while not logged in, you will be presented with an opportunity to enter your username and password. If correct, you will be taken directly to the page you were attempting to access. You can reset your password either via the login box, or once logged in via your User Profile. (See FAQ for details)
Copyright
Unless otherwise stated, The British Association for Psychological Type owns the copyright for all material on the BAPT website, unless otherwise indicated.  You may view and/or print pages from https://www.bapt.org.uk for your own personal use.
You must not redistribute content from BAPT unless that content is specifically made and labelled for redistribution.
Type Practitioners’ List
The Register of Practitioners is a publically visible and searchable list of practising Type practitioners in BAPT who choose to be included, with the region of the country they cover. It is up to you the individual to ensure your information is correct and up to date, and you are happy for what is displayed to be public. If not, you can remove that Profile at any time without affecting your membership.
Links to BAPT
We welcome links to BAPT from organisations and individuals working with Type. A link to the BAPT site does not indicate BAPT’s support for or endorsement of the person or organisation maintaining the link.
You may link to our home page or any other page *except* pages in the password-protected members’  ‘Resources’ area, so long as the link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of your site and its products or services; and (c) makes sense within the context of your site.
Please contact BAPT by sending an e-mail to tech@bapt.org.uk if you want to discuss linking to password protected areas in particular circumstances.
Links from BAPT
This website contains links to websites operated by third parties, particularly of organisations involved with the use of Type. The operation of these websites is outside BAPT’s control and you proceed at your own risk. We do not endorse or sponsor these websites and are not liable for the products, services or content you access through any linked site.
Privacy policy
Membership
We will collect your personal details as a member of BAPT for sending TypeFace and keeping you informed about events, research and other matters of interest in the Type community. We will not share membership data with any third party without your permission.
Enews
When you join BAPT, you are automatically added to the eNews mailing list as well as the BAPT list for TypeFace. The two lists are separate and you can leave the eNews list at any time by clicking ‘Unsubscribe’ at the bottom of an eNews mailing.  If you leave BAPT it does not necessarily imply you will be removed from the eNews list, so you may still receive eNews that does not have TypeFace. If you don’t want to receive these, you can address that by clicking ‘Unsubscribe’ at the bottom of a mailing. You may re-join the free eNews list at any time, whether or not you are a BAPT member.
Conference
We also collect data during registration for the conference, and possibly other events. We reserve the right to use this information to construct a Delegate list to share with attendees at the conference (including sponsors) but will not share it with third parties outside the conference. There is an opportunity to opt out on the Registration form.
My Profile
The My Profile area in WordPress is where you go to change your password and can add a photograph, although there is currently no way to view other members’ photos on the website.
Public Profiles
The Public Profiles area in WordPress is where you are able to enter and maintain the data you want to display on the Register of Practitioners. This Register is totally optional for you to use or not, as you prefer. Any information entered here is visible to the general public for the purpose of finding a practitioner in their geographical area.
Cookies
See our Cookie Policy page.
All about BAPTBoard of Trustees
Other Roles
About Typeface
Regional GroupsNorth-West Type (Manchester)
Midlands MBTI Group
Southern Region
Frequent Questions
Terms of Use & Privacy
ArticlesThese are some of our articles by various speakers at our conferences. Visit Articles to read more. How safe are you?28/02/2020Engaging All Types in the Learning Journey12/02/2020Invoking the Inferior Function09/02/2020Cultural Attitudes06/02/2020Personality Clash?06/02/2020Personality Guides Diversity23/03/2019What’s New in Type (3/3)21/03/2019What’s New in Type (2/3)22/02/2019Reflection & a Time to Nourish Our Roots21/02/2019Type and well-being in a VUCA world…19/02/2019Resilience, Personality Type & EI30/01/2019Tips and Tools for Teaching Type29/01/2019
Home
About BAPT
Events
Membership
Resources
About Type
Contact Us
FAQ
Copyright © 2020 The British Association for Psychological Type | Charity No 1045 772
Scroll to Top
This website uses cookies, by using this website we assume you are OK with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. To find out more about how we use cookies and how to manage them, read our privacy and cookie policy. Find out more.Okay, thank you