http://www.excellgene.com/terms-of-service/
Terms of Service
Last updated: March 11, 2019
By visiting our website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Overview
ExcellGene S.A. is concerned about its users and protection of their private information. Accordingly, ExcellGene S.A. has created this Privacy Policy (the "Policy") that applies to the services offered by ExcellGene S.A., including this website (the "Services").
ExcellGene S.A.
strongly encourages each of its website users to take the time and become familiar with this Policy as, by using this website, you consent to the collection and use of information as set forth herein.
The Policy is designed to provide you with information on how we are following the rules for data protection: which information we gather while you are browsing our website and how this information is used. In the event that ExcellGene S.A. desires to use a user's Personal Information (as defined below) in a manner beyond those set forth in this Policy, ExcellGene S.A. will provide you with notice and the opportunity to "opt-out" of such purposes by sending an email to
. On our webpage there may be links to webpages owned by third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such webpages and ExcellGene S.A. expressly disclaims any responsibility for them.
Personal Information
"Personal Information" means information that can directly or indirectly lead to the identification of a living person, such as an individual's name, address, e-mail, telephone number, license number, medical identification number, photograph, or other identifying characteristic. The identification can occur by reference to one or more factors specific to the individual's physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social identity. Personal Information does not include information that has been encoded, anonymized or otherwise stripped of its identifiers, or information that is publicly available, unless combined with other non-public Personal Information.
Collecting and Processing Personal Information
When a user creates an ExcellGene S.A. account or when you order products or access services, the user will be required to provide certain Personal Information (including, without limitation, your full name, email address, account name, account password or other payment information). ExcellGene S.A. may take this information and integrate it with other information submitted by the user, other information in the possession of ExcellGene S.A. or other information from third parties in order to provide the richest user experience while using the Services. While ExcellGene S.A. takes appropriate measures to provide accuracy in the handling of Personal Information, ExcellGene S.A. relies entirely on its users to maintain correct Personal Information and to update this information as appropriate.
In addition, when a user accesses ExcellGene’s website, the servers automatically record information provided by the user's browser. Generally, this information is automatically provided by a user whenever a user accesses any website. This information, recorded in a server log, may include a user's particular information (including, without limitation, IP address, browser software, language, date/time of access and other information and/or cookies that will uniquely identify a user's computer and the Internet browser the user is using). In an effort to protect its users from unauthorized account activity, such as fraud or "phishing" as well as in order to improve ExcellGene’s services and the user’s experience, ExcellGene S.A. may also collect information about how a user uses the Services. Additionally, whenever you send an email to ExcellGene S.A., ExcellGene S.A. will retain that email so that ExcellGene S.A. can investigate and respond to your concerns.
Use of Personal Information
Personal Information collected through this website is utilized by ExcellGene S.A. only as set forth in this Policy and in order to fulfill your requests for products and services, to contact you, to conduct research, and to provide Services to users, including, without limitation, delivering enhanced Services and demonstrating functionality of the Services. ExcellGene S.A. may also use Personal Information submitted to send you information on products and promotions.
ExcellGene S.A. is concerned about a user's Personal Information. Therefore, ExcellGene S.A. will only share a user's Personal Information under limited scenarios. Those scenarios include sharing it: (i) in accordance with this Privacy Policy; (ii) with a user's consent; (iii) with ExcellGene’s third party providers; (iv) when required by law or public policy; or (v) when it seeks to enforce its terms and conditions.
ExcellGene S.A. may, from time to time, share with third parties information that contains non-Personal Information.
ExcellGene S.A. takes all reasonable measures to protect your Personal Information. To ensure the security and confidentiality of Personal Information that ExcellGene S.A. collects online, we use data networks protected by industry standard firewall and passwords. In the course of handling your Personal Data, ExcellGene S.A. takes measures reasonably designed to protect that information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
ExcellGene S.A. does not sell, rent or trade any of your Personal Information to third parties without your consent. Personal Information is not transferred to third parties unless provided for otherwise in this Privacy Policy. ExcellGene S.A. may store information with a third party in encrypted form on secure servers.
For the purpose of sending e-mailings to you provided that you have subscribed to ExcellGene's news updates on the website, ExcellGene S.A. may give your name and email address to agencies appointed by ExcellGene S.A.. These agencies are not authorized to store and/or use your Personal Information for any other purposes than for the sending of e-mailings. ExcellGene S.A. provides each user with not only access to a user's Personal Information but also the means to update and/or delete this information. In the event that ExcellGene S.A. is unable to or cannot provide a user with the ability to update and/or delete a user's Personal Information, ExcellGene S.A. will notify a user via email.
Personal Information and Children
Without a parent's or guardian's consent, no Personal Information should be submitted to our website by children. ExcellGene S.A. will not knowingly collect or use Personal Information from children.
Right to Obtain and Correct Personal Information
Our users have the right to obtain information on all of your stored Personal Information, to receive, to review and, if necessary correct or erase, by sending an email to .
Cookies
Upon a user accessing the Services, at least one cookie (a small data file) will be sent by ExcellGene S.A. or a third party to a user's computer. This cookie allows ExcellGene S.A. or the third party to identify the user's computer and Internet browsing software in a unique way. These cookies allow ExcellGene S.A. and the third parties it uses to provide a more personalized experience for the user. Generally, the default for most Internet browsers is to accept cookies. A user, however, may choose to change these settings to notify the user when a cookie is being sent or, alternatively, to refuse transmission/receipt of all cookies. It should be noted, however, that if a user refuses transmission/receipt of all cookies, a user's experience using the Services may be significantly affected in a negative way and, perhaps, prohibit entirely the use of the Services. In short, if a user prohibits the transmission of its Personal Information, ExcellGene S.A. may not be able to provide its Services to that user. Moreover, if a user would like more information about this practice and to know a user's choices about not having this information used by third parties, please contact us at .
Web Analytics Services
This website uses 3rd party web analytics services. The analytics services uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by the 3rd party on their servers. The web analytics service will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. This information may also be transferred to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on the web analytics service’s behalf. The web analytics service will not associate your IP address with any other data held by it. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by the web analytics service in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Modifications to the Policy
ExcellGene S.A. reserves the right to change its Privacy Policy at any time. ExcellGene S.A. encourages all users to bookmark this page and check it occasionally for updates. The current version of this Policy can always be found at the end of the document. ExcellGene S.A. will endeavor to maintain all prior versions of this Policy.
Compliance
ExcellGene S.A. will perform random self-audits in order to review its compliance with the Privacy Policy. Should you have any questions regarding this Policy and ExcellGene’s use and/or treatment of a user's Personal Information contact ExcellGene S.A. at .
Upon receipt of an inquiry or complaint, ExcellGene S.A. will contact the user regarding the inquiry or complaint and take appropriate measures to address the user's concerns.
Contact
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us any time at .
Legal Disclaimer
Important Legal Notices and Privacy Statements
Your access and use of this website signifies your consent to and agreement with the terms and conditions specified below. Please read this Disclaimer before accessing our website further. ExcellGene S.A. may, at any time, revise these terms and conditions by updating this page. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current terms and conditions.
No Warranty and No Liability
While ExcellGene S.A. makes efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information, they make no representations or warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information provided on this site and disclaim any liability for the use of this site or any site linked to it. ExcellGene S.A. may change this site at any time without notice but does not assume any responsibility to update it. ExcellGene S.A. makes no warranties, express or implied and assumes no liability in connection with any use of this publication and all agree that all access and use of this site and of any site linked to from this site and the information contained herein and therein are at their own risk. Neither ExcellGene S.A. (including its agents, directors, and employees) nor any other party involved in creating this site is liable for any direct, incidental, special, consequential, indirect or punitive damages or other damages arising out of your access to or use of this site, including but not limited to viruses or malware that may infect your computer equipment or software and any damages for lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or other data on your information handling system or otherwise, even if ExcellGene S.A. or other person or entity is advised of the possibility of such damages and whether such damages arise in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious or legal action.
Limited Use
ExcellGene S.A. hereby grants you the right to display store and reproduce copies of this publication for personal use subject to the following conditions:
The publication may be used for internal purposes only and may not be sold or distributed for commercial or political purposes.
The publication may not be modified, diffused, reposted or transmitted in any respect.
The copyright notice must appear on every copy of the work or portion thereof.
Trademarks
The trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively, the "Trademarks") used or mentioned on this site are registered and unregistered trademarks of ExcellGene S.A. or third parties and are legally protected. Be aware that certain product names are trademarks, even if not specifically mentioned. Nothing on this site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right in or to the Trademarks without the express prior written permission of ExcellGene S.A. or such other third party. Your misuse of the Trademarks on this site and in its conditions is strictly prohibited.
Product Use and Recommendations
This site has been designed to provide general information about ExcellGene S.A. and its services and products. This site is not intended to provide any instruction on the appropriate use of products produced and supplied by ExcellGene. All recommendations for handling, storage or use of products, whether given in writing, orally, or to be implied from the results of tests are based on the state of ExcellGene's knowledge at the time such recommendations are made. Notwithstanding any such recommendations, you as the user of such products must make your own determination and satisfy yourself that the products supplied by ExcellGene S.A. and the information and recommendations given by ExcellGene S.A. are (i) suitable for intended process or purpose, (ii) are in compliance with environmental, health and safety regulations, and other regulations in the regions and countries where they are purchased, offered for sale, marketed, sold, and used and (iii) will not infringe any third party's intellectual property rights.
Consent to Monitoring
ExcellGene S.A. is under no obligation to monitor the information residing on or transmitted to this website. However, anyone using this website agrees that ExcellGene S.A. may monitor the website contents periodically to: (1) comply with any necessary laws, regulations or other governmental requests; (2) operate the website properly; or (3) protect itself and its users. Excellgene S.A., in its sole discretion, reserves the right to modify, reject or eliminate any information residing on or transmitted to its website.
Submissions to This Website are Not in Confidence
ExcellGene S.A. does not want to receive proprietary information from you through this website. Should any user of information on this website provide ExcellGene S.A. with information, including but not limited to feedback, data, answers, questions, comments, suggestions, plans, ideas or the like, such information shall be deemed to be unsolicited, nonproprietary and non-confidential and shall become the property of ExcellGene S.A. assumes no obligation to protect such information from disclosure, subject to the Privacy Policy below with respect to user personal information. The submission of such information to ExcellGene S.A. shall in no way prevent the purchase, manufacture or use of similar products, services, plans and ideas by ExcellGene S.A. for any purpose whatever and ExcellGene S.A. shall have an unrestricted and irrevocable right to reproduce, use, publish, broadcast, disclose, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute the information to others without restriction and without compensation, subject to the Privacy Policy below with respect to user personal information.
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. ExcellGene S.A. will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing ExcellGene S.A. to disclose the identity of or help identify or locate anyone posting any such information or materials subject to privacy laws.
Registered User Responsibilities
For those websites or portions of websites requiring users to be registered and to log in using an ID and/or a password, registered website users are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their user IDs and passwords. Registered users shall notify ExcellGene S.A. at
if their user ID and password is lost or stolen, if there is any change in their authorization or access for use of the password, or if their registered authorizations are revoked. Registered users agree that they will not provide their user ID and password to any other person and that any purported transfer, assignment or sublicense of the limited and revocable rights granted under these terms and conditions shall be void.
Some of the information included on this website was taken in its entirety from written materials previously distributed publicly by ExcellGene S.A. or its employees. All information included on this website speaks as of the date it was first published in print or as of the date it was published on this website or as of the actual date that appears on such particular information, whichever date is earliest. Republication on this website of previously distributed or printed material means that it was not updated from its date of original distribution or printing. Interested persons are referred to the regular financial media for news of important developments concerning ExcellGene S.A..
Disclaimer of Endorsement
Reference herein to any products, services, processes, links to third parties or other information of third parties or to any trade name, trademark, manufacturer, and supplier or otherwise does not necessarily constitute or imply the endorsement, approval, sponsorship or recommendation by ExcellGene S.A.. Product and service information are the sole responsibility of each individual vendor. Your linking from this website to any other website is at your own risk and is for convenience only. ExcellGene S.A. does not express any opinion on the content of such third party information or sites and expressly disclaims any liability for all third party information and the use of it.
The posting of this website by ExcellGene S.A. is a passive activity. In itself access to this website by persons in any jurisdiction does not imply that ExcellGene S.A. intends to purposefully avail itself of the privilege of conducting activities within such jurisdiction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this website may be viewed worldwide and may contain references to products or services not available in all countries. References to a particular product or service do not imply that ExcellGene S.A. intends to make such products or services available in such countries.
Home
About us
Newsroom
Knowledge base
Protein expression services
Cell line development
Rapid protein production
Virus-like particle production
Tox material production
cGMP master cell banking
Protein expression technologies
CHO Transient Transfection Kit
CHOExpress™ host cells
HEKExpress™ cells
Contact
Get in touch
Careers
Privacy policy