http://www.ctps.org/site_policies
Jump to navigation
Subscribe to our mailing list
Site Policies
Home »
Accessibility Statement
Translation Disclaimer
Legal Notification/Data Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement for the CTPS/Boston Region MPO Website
CTPS and the Boston Region MPO are committed to achieving meaningful accessibility in this online environment for all users, including users with disabilities. We follow specific Commonwealth enterprise standards designed to meet the needs of our visitors with disabilities. The Commonwealth enterprise standards are generally based on standards used by the federal government for technology accessibility for people with disabilities and on web content accessibility guidelines developed by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). The CTPS/Boston Region MPO web site is regularly tested using standard web accessibility technologies and reviewed to verify that this web site is compliant with applicable standards.  Additional information is available on the following websites: Section 508, Federal Access Board, and W3C guidelines.
About Portable Document Format (PDF)
Some documents on this web site are produced in Portable Document Format (PDF). Efforts are currently underway to ensure that all files are produced using the latest version of Acrobat (file creation software for PDFs), which is the most accessible technology currently available for these types of files. Please download the latest free version of Adobe Reader.
HTML Files
Recognizing that the Adobe Reader does not always work for all users, alternative accessible formats are provided wherever possible, most commonly through an HTML or text file.
Applications
All applications hosted on the CTPS web site that have been developed after June 2012 are accessible and have been successfully tested with a screen reader.  Efforts are currently underway to re-engineer applications developed prior to June 2012.
Contact Information
If any file format prevents you from accessing the information, please contact us for assistance. In order to respond in a manner most helpful to you, please note the nature of your accessibility concern, the format in which you prefer to receive the material, the web page address of the requested material, and the best way to contact you.
We also welcome your questions about this accessibility statement and comments on how to improve the site's accessibility.
Please contact us by mail:
CTPS
State Transportation Building
10 Park Plaza, Suite 2150
Boston, MA  02116
By email:
publicinformation@ctps.org
By phone:
Mon.- Fri. 9:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m.
857.702.3700
Translation Disclaimer
By selecting a language from the drop-down menu, you will translate the Boston Region Metropolitan Planning Organization’s (MPO) website into the selected language using the Google Translate online service (the Service), which is subject to applicable Google Terms of Service. The Service is made available on the Boston Region MPO’s website for your convenience, and its use is solely optional. As more specifically described by Google, the Service may not accurately translate the website because of the limitations of Google’s machine-generated translation. Use of the Service is not intended to replace professional human translators.
The official text is the English language version of the Boston Region MPO’s website. If you have any questions related to the accuracy of the information contained in your translation, please refer to the English version of the website or contact Jonathan Church, MPO Staff, 857-702-3709, jchurch@ctps.org.
Legal Notification/Data Disclaimer
The Central Transportation Planning Staff (“CTPS") website is comprised of various web pages operated by the Central Transportation Planning Staff of the Boston Region Metropolitan Planning Organization.
The CTPS website is subject to the terms, conditions, and disclaimers contained herein. By using the CTPS website, you agree to all such terms, conditions, and disclaimers. If you do not agree to these terms, conditions, and disclaimers, please do not use this website. CTPS reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and disclaimers under which the CTPS website is offered.
Data Disclaimer
Disclaimer: The data on this website are compiled from multiple sources and are intended for informational purposes only. CTPS assumes no responsibility or legal liability for the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any information on this website.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
As a condition of your use of the CTPS website, you agree that you will not use the CTPS website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the CTPS website in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the CTPS website or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the CTPS website. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the CTPS website.
Use of Communication Services
The CTPS website may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, forums, and other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, "Communication Services"). You agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy and publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines that may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including but not limited email addresses, without their express consent.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
CTPS has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, CTPS reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. CTPS reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
CTPS reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in CTPS’s sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or others in any Communication Service. CTPS does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, CTPS specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.
Materials Provided on CTPS' Website
CTPS does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to CTPS (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any CTPS website (collectively "Submissions"). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission, you are granting CTPS and its agents a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display your Submission. You also grant CTPS and its agents the right to use your name in connection with the reproduction or distribution of your Submission.
Liability Disclaimer and Release
While efforts are made to keep information provided on this website accurate and up-to-date, CTPS makes no representations or warranties that any information herein will be error free or fit for any particular purpose. Further, CTPS assumes no legal liability for any action or inaction taken based upon any information contained in this website, or for any damages or expenses arising from the use or misuse of any such information. Your use of this website shall constitute an agreement by the user to release CTPS, the Boston Region Metropolitan Planning Organization and the Metropolitan Area Planning Council as fiduciary for CTPS, and their members, officers, employees and agents from any such liabilities. By using this information, you are stating that the above disclaimer has been read and that you understand and are in agreement with the contents of the disclaimer.
Indemnification
To the extent permitted by law, you agree to indemnify CTPS, the Boston Region Metropolitan Planning Organization and the Metropolitan Area Planning Council as fiduciary for CTPS, and their members, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all third party claims, demands, liabilities, costs, or expenses including reasonable attorney fees that arise from your use or misuse of this website.
Termination/Access Restriction
CTPS reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the CTPS website and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice.
General
To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, U.S.A. and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Boston, Massachusetts in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the CTPS website. CTPS makes no representations that material on its website is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Nothing contained herein is in derogation of or shall affect CTPS’s rights and obligations to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the CTPS website or information provided to or gathered by CTPS with respect to such use. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Trademarks
The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
Notices and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement under United States copyright law should be sent to: Central Transportation Planning Staff, 10 Park Plaza, Suite 2150, Boston, MA 02116.
Privacy Policy
CTPS is committed to protecting user privacy online. The purpose of our policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather when you visit the CTPS website, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of the information. The following is the privacy policy for this website (all pages starting with www.ctps.org or www.bostonmpo.org).
Information that we collect for statistical purposes. We collect some information that is used for analysis and statistical purposes that help us manage our website. We automatically collect electronically generated information about your visit to the CTPS website, such as the date, type of browser used, and technical Internet protocol data. We collect this information about each user session from our user logs, and refer to it for statistical purposes.
Information that you provide us when using our interactive forms and functions. You may be required to provide your personal information to CTPS when you send us an email, complete an on-line form or application, or participate in one of CTPS’s bulletin board services, chat areas, forums, and other message or communication facilities. This information may include such things as your name, address, telephone number, and other personal and business data. If you send us an electronic mail message with a question or comment that contains personal information, or fill out a form that emails us this information, we will use your personal information to respond to your request, complete the service you have requested, or analyze trends. We may redirect your message to another government agency, service provider, or other person who is in a better position to answer your question. When you disclose personal information in any of CTPS’s bulletin board services, chat areas, forums, and other message or communication facilities, please remember that information disclosed in these areas becomes public information, thus you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Opting-out. At any time while assessing the CTPS website, any user may "opt-out" of further email contact from us (while still allowing access to our website). For further information about opting-out, contact us at: Central Transportation Planning Staff, 10 Park Plaza, Suite 2150, Boston, MA 02116. You may also email your request to “opt-out”: publicinformation@ctps.org.
Use of cookies. We do not use "persistent" cookies to collect permanent information. (Note: A cookie file contains unique information a website can use to track such things as passwords, lists of pages you have visited, and the date when you last looked at a specific page, or to identify your session at a particular website. A cookie is often used in commercial sites to identify the items selected for a specific shopping cart application.)
We do use "non-persistent" cookies in applications that keep track of a user and make it possible for you to complete a form or use a function, but this cookie disappears when you finish filling out an application, or searching a database.
Disclosure to third parties. In Massachusetts, there are laws to ensure the government is open and transparent. CTPS is governed by these open records laws. Any information that we receive through the use of our website potentially becomes a public record and may be subject to inspection and copying by members of the public, unless an exemption in the law exists. Except as required by law or except as where otherwise provided on this website, we do not share personal identifying information with any third party without your permission. We disclose only in aggregate form our statistical analyses or demographics of users to third parties. This information is not reported or used in any manner that would reveal personally identifiable information, and will not be released to any outside parties unless we are legally required to do so in connection with law enforcement investigations or other legal proceedings.
About UsBoston Region MPO
MPO Board Members
CTPS Staff
Advisory Council
Civil Rights/Title VI
Careers
Contact Us
Our WorkLong-RangeTransportation Plan
Transportation Improvement Program
Unified PlanningWork Program
CongestionManagement Process
CoordinatedPublic Transit–Human ServicesTransportation Plan
Public Outreach Program
Transportation EquityDisparate Impact Disproportionate Burden Policy Development
Bicycle andPedestrian Activities
Performance-based Planning and Programming
Pilot Transit Working Group
Planning AssistanceSubmit Inquiry
CommunityTransportationTechnical AssistanceProgram
Regional TransitService PlanningTechnical Support
Information CenterPublicationsCertification Documents
Corridor and SubareaStudies
Transit Studies
Bicycle/PedestrianStudies
Freight Studies
Other Studies
Interactive Applications
Data Catalog
Data Inquiry
Stay InvolvedFrequently Asked Questions
Meeting Calendar
Subscribe
Feedback
Newsletter
TRANSREPORT
State Transportation Building
10 Park Plaza, Suite 2150
Boston, MA 02116
(857) 702-3700
ctps@ctps.org