http://www.eurotox.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
EUROTOX
HOME
EVENTS
EDUCATION
ERT
MEMBERSHIP
ABOUT US
CONTACT
PRIVACY POLICY
LINKS
Privacy Notice
PUBLISHED MAY 22, 2018
We are updating our Privacy Policy as part of our ongoing commitment to be transparent about how we use your data and keep it safe. We have included changes to address the new standards introduced by the European data protection law known as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
If you have questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at secretariat@eurotox.com.
We use technologies on the site www.eurotox.com to collect information that helps us improve your online experience.
Information Collection and Use
EUROTOX is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. EUROTOX will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. EUROTOX collects information from their users at several different points on this Web site.
Personal Information refers to any information that you voluntarily submit to us and that identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, and other information about yourself or your business. Personal Information can also include information about any transactions, both free and paid, that you enter into on the Websites, and information about you that is available on the internet, such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.
Newsletter Choice/Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive the EUROTOX newsletter may opt-out of receiving these communications by simply filling out their email address in any form on this site and submitting the unsubscribing form. The process automatically unsubscribes that email address from all future subscriptions. This process can be done at any time by updating your user preferences.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on this site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. EUROTOX uses performance cookies or analytics cookies to collect information about your use of this Site and enable us to improve the way it works. For example, performance cookies show us which are the most frequently visited pages on the site, allow us to see the overall patterns of usage on the Site, help us record any difficulties you have with the Site and show us whether our communication is effective or not.
You may refuse to accept cookies from this Site at any time by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse cookies. Further information about the procedure to follow in order to disable cookies can be found on your Internet browser provider's website via your help screen. You may wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html for information on commonly used browsers. Please be aware that if cookies are disabled, not all features of the Site may operate as intended
Log Files
EUROTOX uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that EUROTOX is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage users to be aware when they leave this site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
We periodically update this Privacy Policy. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by sending you an email notification.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the most recent version of the Policy on the Services, along with an indication of the date on which the Policy was amended most recently. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.
©  www.eurotox.com
Sitemap
Ochrana osobných údajov
Footer menu
Home
Become a Member
Contact us
Useful Links
Created by CREATIVE sites