http://www.sepa.org.uk/help/privacy-policy/
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Response
Toggle navigation
One Planet Prosperity
Regulations
How we regulate
Authorisations and permits
Consultations
Enforcement
Air
Climate change
Control of major accident hazards (COMAH)
Land
Pollution prevention and control
Radioactive substances
Waste
Water
Flooding
Live flood updates
Floodline
Flood maps
Check your flood risk
National Flood Risk Assessment 2018
Flood Risk Management Strategies
Forecasting flooding
Developing our knowledge
Responsibilities for flooding
FAQs
Sectors
Environment
Air
Biodiversity
Energy
Environmental data
Land
Radioactive substances
Waste
Water
Making the case for the environment
About us
Our role
How we work
Working with you
Our performance
Complaints Handling Procedure
Access to Information
Contact
Quick Links
Quick links
Access to information
Bathing Waters
Charging Schemes
Charging Scheme Enquiry Tool
Flood Maps
Flood Updates
Planning
Publications
SEPA application forms
Septic Tank Guidance and Application Forms
SWCN Purchase
Consigning special waste guidance
Office Locations
Online payments
Water level data
Waste carriers – Who is registered
Disclaimer
SEPA seeks to ensure that the information published on its web site is up to date and accurate. However, the information on the website does not constitute legal or professional advice and SEPA cannot accept any liability for actions arising from its use. SEPA cannot be held responsible for the contents of any pages referenced by an external link.
SEPA privacy notice
Who we are
What is personal information
Why we use your personal information
How the law allows us to use your personal information
Individuals named in our public registers
How we share personal information
Your rights regarding your personal information held by SEPA
Changes to our privacy statement
Complaints
Cookies
Third Party Cookies
What if I don't want to accept cookies?
Who we are
This is the general privacy notice of the Scottish Environment Protection Agency (“SEPA”, “we”, “us” or “our”) established by the Environment Act 1995 and having its principal place of business at Strathallan House, Castle Business Park, Stirling, FK9 4TZ. Our registration number on the ICO Register of Data Controllers is Z6161946.
Everyone has rights with regard to how their personal information is handled.  During the course of our activities SEPA will collect, store and process personal information about our customers, staff and all other individuals who work with us or contact us in order to provide our public services.  We recognise the fundamental importance of handling this information in an appropriate and lawful manner to maintain the confidence and trust of our customers and staff in our processing of their Personal Data.  Protecting the confidentiality and integrity of Personal Data is a critical responsibility that we take seriously at all times. If SEPA fails to comply with Data Protection Law, then it may be subject to enforcement and sanctions from the Information Commissioner.
What is personal information
Personal information can be anything that identifies and relates to a living person. This can include information that when put together with other information can then identify a person.
There may also be situations where we process special categories of personal information that need more protection due to its sensitivity.  It’s often information you would not want widely known and is very personal to you.)
Why we use your personal information
We collect and use personal information to enable us to carry out our regulatory and flooding duties (encompassing our public task), which may include:
granting and administering of licences and maintaining public registers
investigating of environmental complaints
undertaking formal enforcement actions
provision of flood warning service
the use of CCTV and mobile systems for crime prevention
developing policy and undertaking consultations
providing advice and information and undertaking research
maintaining our own accounts and records
delivering internal support functions, including corporate administration and the support and management of our employees
and all activities that we are required to carry out as a controller and as a public authority
How the law allows us to use your personal information
We must have a legal basis for using your personal information and make it clear to you, which one is being used. These include:
if you, or your legal representative, have given us consent
if you have entered into a contract with us, including if you are an employee
it is required by law (legal obligation)
it is necessary to protect someone in an emergency (vital interests)
it is necessary to perform our statutory duties (public task)
We will retain personal information for as long as it required for the legal basis noted above and in accordance with our retention schedule.
Where we need to process any of your personal information, which is defined as special category information, we must also ensure that we have an additional legal basis for doing so.  These include:
If you, or your legal representative, have given us consent
it is required by law (legal obligation)
it is necessary to protect someone in an emergency (vital interests)
necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims
it is necessary to perform our statutory duties (public task)
We have prepared more detailed privacy notices for some of our services, to provide you with additional information about how we use personal information.  These will be accessible here.
Individuals named in our public registers
As a regulatory authority, we compile and maintain public registers, as part of our statutory duties, and make these registers available for public inspection.
To compile the public registers, we collect and use the personal information from applicants for authorisations and permits issued by SEPA. We collect this information via an application form, usually sent to us by an applicant or agent acting on their behalf.  Once processed, this information is entered on the public register and is available for public inspection. We keep this data for the period set down in our statutory obligations.
How we share personal information
We sometimes need to share your personal information with other organisations for statutory or regulatory reasons, or because doing so is in the general public interest.   Any sharing will be carried out lawfully and securely in accordance with the Data Protection Principles.
These organisations include:
UK government bodies (for example HMRC)
Scottish Government, its agencies and non-ministerial departments (for example Revenue Scotland)
Local government and administration (for example relating to planning consultations)
Law enforcement and regulatory agencies (for example Police Scotland and the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Services)
Audit Scotland and the Audit Commission (for National Fraud Initiative)
Like most organisations, we ask third parties who are part of our own supply chain to collect and use your personal information in order to help us perform our functions. In each case they do this under explicit instructions from us and are not allowed to pass your information to others without our permission, or to use it for any further purpose.
These organisations include
the suppliers of our IT systems and infrastructure
suppliers of communications systems and services
suppliers of office and building services
suppliers of professional services (such as recruitment specialist or legal advisors)
They retain your information only as long as is necessary and we ensure that they return to us, or destroy, any remaining information at the end of our contract with them.
As a public body, SEPA is required to comply with statutory obligations to provide access to information (for example the Freedom of Information (Scotland) Act and the Environmental Information (Scotland) Regulations 2004).  It may be necessary for us to disclose your personal information to a third party in response to a relevant statutory request.
Your rights regarding your personal information held by SEPA
Right
What it means
Information
You have the right to clear information about how we collect and use your personal information – this privacy notice is one example of how we do this
Access
To request a copy of your information, please complete the Data Subject Access Request Form or contact dataprotection@sepa.org.uk.
Correction
You have the right to ask for any personal information that is inaccurate or incomplete to be corrected
In certain circumstances, you will have the following extra rights:
Erasure
You have the right to ask for your personal data to be deleted under certain circumstance
Objection to processing
You have the right to object to our use or your personal information under certain circumstances
Restriction on processing
If you make an objection, our use of your personal information may be temporarily suspended whilst we deal with your request
Portability
You have the right to ask for a copy of your personal information in a machine readable format to pass to another organisation under certain circumstances
We have a Data Protection Officer who makes sure we respect your rights and follow the law. If you have any concerns or questions about how we look after your personal information, please contact SEPA’s Data Protection Officer, Alison M. Mackinnon at dataprotection@sepa.org.uk or by calling 03000 99 66 99 and ask to speak to the Data Protection Officer.
Changes to our privacy statement
We keep this privacy notice under regular review and will place any updates on the SEPA website.  Paper copies of the privacy notice may also be obtained by contacting dataprotection@sepa.org.uk .
Complaints
We seek to resolve directly all complaints about how we handle personal information but you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.  They can be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or 0303 123 1113.
This privacy notice was last updated on 22 May 2018.
Using our website
Cookies
This site uses session cookies to enhance your interaction with our site. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the "lifetime" of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number. Cookies can help a website to arrange content to match your preferred interests more quickly. Most major websites use cookies. Cookies cannot be used by themselves to identify you.
Session cookies last only for the duration of your visit and are deleted when you close your browser. These facilitate various tasks such as allowing a website to identify that a user of a particular device is navigating from page to page, supporting website security or basic functionality.They contain no personal information that can be used to identify you. If you are concerned about the potential use of information gathered from your computer by cookies, you can set your browser to prompt you before it accepts a cookie. Most Internet browsers have settings that let you identify and/or reject cookies.
Third Party Cookies
The site uses Google Analytics which generates statistics about visitors.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (‘Google’). Google Analytics uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
What if I don't want to accept cookies?
You can choose to restrict or block the cookies set by any website. You’ll need to do this through your browser settings.
Please note: if you block or restrict cookies on your machine, the this website may be unable to function correctly.
You can also visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ for comprehensive information on how to block or restrict cookies on a wide variety of browsers. You’ll also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer, as well as more general information about cookies. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you’ll need to refer to your handset manual.
Feedback
If you have any questions about any of the above please contact feedback@sepa.org.uk
External Links
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notices
SEPA signup
Site Map
Accessibility
Rss Help
NGR Help