http://www.peregrinefund.org/privacy
Skip to main content
Share this page:
How we protect your privacy
Our Commitment to Privacy
The Peregrine Fund takes your privacy very seriously. This notice describes The Peregrine Fund’s privacy policy as it relates to all communications, including the www.peregrinefund.org web site. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available in the footer on all our webpages.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted by The Peregrine Fund. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
How We Use Information:
The Peregrine Fund may use your information:
To process and respond to inquiries and for the purposes for which you provided the information, such as to process donations, register or renew you as a member, purchase merchandise, or receive information about a project.
To personalize the content and improve the navigability of the Website.
To alert you to new projects, site features, special events and services.
To conduct surveys to measure your satisfaction with our service.
To enforce our Terms of Use.
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our e-newsletters as well as updates on our new projects and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. We do not share or sell our donors' personal information to anyone, nor do we send donors mailings on behalf of other organizations.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
The Peregrine Fund processes your information on servers located in the United States.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy:
The Peregrine Fund does not knowingly collect information from children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit any personally identifiable information to The Peregrine Fund.
How to Access or Correct Your Information
If you wish to access or correct your personally identifiable information, please send email to tpf@peregrinefund.org or call 208-362-3716
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 208-362-3716 or send us an email at tpf@peregrinefund.org
Birds of prey need friends like you
Birds of Prey Calendar
Interpretive center admission and 10% gift shop discount
Special event invitations
Join us