http://www.materia-inc.com/privacy-policy
Contact
Careers
Products
Menu
All Products
Proxima® Thermoset Resins
Products
Proxima® Thermoset Resins
Features & Benefits
Applications
Why Proxima® Resins
Featured Product Applications
Products
Subsea Thermal Insulation
Downhole Tools & Equipment
Solutions
Menu
Solutions
Design Engineering
Partnerships
Industries
Menu
Industry Overview
Automotive
Industrial
Oil & Gas
Wind
Corporate
Menu
Corporate Overview
About Materia
Corporate
About Materia
History
Management
Values
Facilities
News & Media
Corporate
News & Media
News & Stories
Events
Insights
Careers
Corporate
Careers
Working at Materia
Diversity
Technology
Menu
Technology Overview
Olefin Metathesis
Environmental Impact
Research & Development
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website (the “Site”) is provided by Materia, Inc. (“Materia”) subject to your (the “User”) acceptance of this Privacy Policy (“Policy”). Materia is committed to protecting your privacy. Pursuant to this Policy, information collected through the Site is used only in the manner and for the purposes described herein. This Policy discloses the privacy practices governing our knowing collection, use, and disclosure of Information. By accessing this Site, User unconditionally and irrevocably accepts and agrees to this Policy in its entirety and the collection, use, and disclosure of Information by Materia as described herein.
Definitions
“Personal Information” means information about the User that is personally identifiable, such as User name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
“Non-Personal Information” means information that does not personally identify the User and cannot be used to contact the User or identify the User.
“Information” means both Personal Information and Non-Personal Information.
Information Collected
Materia collects and stores Non-Personal Information, including, for example, site referral information, browsing patterns, technical information (e.g., browser type and version, downloads, and operating system), and general Site use information through standard Internet protocols and logging.
Materia does not collect Personal Information via the Site without the User’s knowledge. If the User sends us Personal Information (for example, by utilizing a feedback function on the Site or sending us email from), we may retain such Personal Information, as well as the correspondence, for purposes of responding to the User’s email or inquiry, and otherwise contacting the User regarding our products and services.
Use of Information
We use Non-Personal Information to better understand the use of the Site, improve and revise the Site based on usage, and for customer support purposes.
Disclosure of Information
We may share aggregated Non-Personal Information about our Site with our business partners or the general public.
Third-Party Web Sites
The Site may contain hyperlinks that take the User to a third-party website, document, file, or other materials. These third-party websites may contain privacy provisions that are different from those provided herein. We are not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of information collected through these third-party websites, and we expressly disclaim any and all liability related to such collection, use, or disclosure.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
In its sole discretion, Materia may amend or modify this Policy at any time by posting such modifications on the Site. Any such amended or modified Policy will be effective upon posting. Continued use of or visits to the Site shall constitute User’s acceptance of any such amended or modified Policy.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about our products, services, or this Policy, please contact us at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address).
Connect with us:
Twitter
Linkedin
YouTube
Copyright 1998-2020 Materia, Inc.  |
Privacy Policy  |
Terms of Service  |
Location