http://www.cusec.org/terms-of-use-privacy-policy-and-disclaimer
Thank you for visiting www.cusec.org. Please find below our terms of use for accessing and using information contained on this website, privacy policy, and disclaimer/liability release.
Terms of Use
Intent of Website
The Central U.S. Earthquake Consortium (CUSEC) has prepared this website and related materials for informational and educational purposes.
All materials and information on the website are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind.
All information contained on the website is not to be constituted as legal, financial, or licensed professional advice.
CUSEC may make changes to the website (including this policy) at any time without advanced notice.
External Content/Links
This website may contain information, content, or links from a variety of external/third-party sources and content providers.
External/third-party information, content, or links are provided by CUSEC to you for informational and educational purposes only.
External/third-party information, content, or links are included solely for the convenience of users, and do not constitute any endorsement, approval or certification by CUSEC of the external/third-party or the information they provide to you.
Copyright
All materials on this website are subject to copyrights owned by CUSEC and other individuals or entities.
Any reproduction, retransmission, or republication of all or part of any portion of the website without written consent from CUSEC is expressly prohibited.
If you are interested in reproducing any materials found on this website, contact cusec@cusec.org or call us at (901) 544-3570 with your request.
Use of Site Materials
The names, trademarks, service marks and logos appearing on this site may not be used in any advertising or publicity, or otherwise to indicate CUSEC sponsorship of or affiliation with any product or service, without CUSEC’s prior express written permission.
Any partner organization or partner logos are the exclusive property of the respective partner entities, and are used on the website with their previous permission.
Privacy Policy
Your Personal Information
CUSEC collects no personal information (for example, your name, address, telephone number or email address) through our website unless you choose to provide it in a registration, sign-up, or other such data collection form.
CUSEC does not and will not rent or sell your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes.
We may, however, share your information with program committees, special event sponsors, or other partners who occasionally act on our behalf to perform external communications functions (for instance, sending a newsletter, training announcement, or public service announcement to you in an email).
CUSEC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external or third party sites.
Opt Out Policy
At any time, you may opt out of future communications from us by notifying via email us at cusec@cusec.org or by phone at (901) 544-3570.
If you are dissatisfied with any material on the Site, or with any of terms and conditions for using the Site, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Site.
Disclaimer & Liability
Disclaimer
CUSEC (or its Board of Directors, employees, subcontractors, partners, or agents) is not responsible and assumes no liability for any actions undertaken by any person using content or information contained within this website. This includes, but is not limited to, injury, death, financial, or property loss which occurs in connection with your use of the information on this website.
Indemnity/Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall CUSEC (or its Board of Directors, employees, subcontractors, partners, or agents) be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental , special, consequential, financial, or other damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in the Site.
As a condition of use of the site, the user agrees to indemnify CUSEC (and its Board of Directors, employees, subcontractors, partners, or agents) from and against any and all liabilities, expenses and damages arising out of claims resulting from user’s use of this website, including information, content, or links to external/third-party sources.
Last updated April 10, 2017.
Contact CUSEC
2630 E. Holmes Rd. Memphis, TN 38118
Phone: (901) 544-3570
Fax: (901) 544-0544
Email: cusec@cusec.org
Recent Posts
Webinar Announcement: New Technologies for Earthquake Resilience
CUSEC Launches New ShakeOut Participation Dashboard
ShakeOut Earthquake Drill to take place in October
EARTH EX 2020 – Register Today
September is National Preparedness Month
About Cusec
Our Mission
CUSEC Member States
Board of Directors
CUSEC Staff
Employment & RFPs
Contact Us
News & Events
CUSEC News
Press Room
Events Calendar
Earthquake Info
Our Earthquake Risk
Recent Earthquakes
Did You Feel It?
Teachers & Students
CUSEC Partner Links