http://www.satcoms.org.uk/privacy.asp
Website Translations
Home
Tutorials
Satellite Simulator
Tools
News
Link Budget
Satcoms TV
Job Vacancies
Satcoms UK Website - Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Satcoms UK maintain and administer www.satcoms.org.uk and believe that
protecting your privacy is important when using the website.
The
following privacy policy explains that we do not collect your personal information.
This Privacy Policy governs Satcoms UK. Satcoms UK does not collect, use, maintain or disclose information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.satcoms.org.uk website ("Site").
Personal identification information
We do not collect personal identification information from Users in any way. Users may visit our Site anonymously.
Non-personal identification information
We do not collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. We have taken steps to remove all analytics tracking from our site but some may remain on some pages.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may still use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. For example; the satellite link budget calculators use cookies to store the link budget data.
How we use collected information
Satcoms UK does not collect any personal information.
How we protect your information
There is no personal data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. Since we do not collect it in the first place.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies. We have taken steps to remove any and all advertising.
Changes to this privacy policy
Satcoms UK has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.
admin(at)satcoms(dot)org(dot)uk
This document was last updated on May 26, 2018
Satcoms UK - The Satellite Communications Information Website
© Satcoms UK 2002 -
2015
, All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms
of Use