http://www.nwciowa.edu/privacy
Northwestern College's privacy statement Northwestern College is fully committed to protecting your privacy. Whether you are using our website or receiving email communication from us, we want to make sure you are aware of the information we collect from you and how it is used. Website privacy (www.nwciowa.edu) When you use our website, Northwestern College collects two types of information from you, dynamic and voluntary. Dynamic information collection Dynamic information includes information about your web browser, IP address, number of times a web page is accessed, and the paths taken when moving through our website. This information also includes a randomly generated ID to identify your browser uniquely but does not include any information that can identify you personally. The randomly generated ID is stored in a cookie. (A cookie is a small text file saved on your computer. More information about our cookie policy can be found below.) This information is used only for website analysis and is used to help us improve our website. The dynamic information we collect is stored in log files and our databases and is not available to you or the public and is kept indefinitely. This information will not be provided to third parties. Voluntary information collection Some pages on our website may ask you to submit voluntary information. This information may include—but is not limited to—your first name, last name, middle name or initial, address, email, phone, high school, graduation year, major fields of interest, co-curricular interests, and date of birth. This information will be stored in our secure database, where procedures to safeguard the information are in place. Your information will be used only by Northwestern College and only for the purpose of fulfilling your request (if applicable) and for promoting the college to you as a higher education choice. Cookies Northwestern College uses cookies (small files on your computer) to store interactive information, such as time of last visit and whether you have voted in a poll, as well as a randomly generated unique identifier used to help us improve the accessibility of our website. We access this information to help us improve your experience as well as to help us improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our website. Removing yourself from our mailing lists If you have been receiving postal mail information from Northwestern College and would like to be removed from our mailing list, you can opt out by contacting us at feedback@nwciowa.edu. To opt out of emails sent from Northwestern College, please see our email privacy information below.
Email privacy Northwestern College is fully committed to your email privacy. We know how annoying it is to receive unwanted email. That's why we want you to know how you can opt in and out of our email lists. We also want you to know how you can contact us if you suspect you have received spam originating from Northwestern College. Information about our email list policies—including opt in/out information—is listed below. Admissions emails Our admissions email list is built from our prospective student database. In some cases, this information has been purchased from a third party who obtained your email address, with your permission, to allow colleges to promote their higher education opportunities to you. If you are a prospective student and are not currently receiving admissions-related emails from Northwestern College and would like to do so, you are required to opt in. If you are currently receiving admissions emails from Northwestern College and you no longer wish to do so, you may opt out from any admissions email sent to you. Alumni emails The alumni email list is built from our alumni database. If you would like to receive alumni-related emails from Northwestern College, you are required to opt in. You can opt in to the alumni email list online. If you are currently receiving alumni-related emails from Northwestern College and you no longer wish to do so, you may opt out from any alumni email sent to you. Church or pastor emails The church or pastor email list is built from our database of churches and pastors. If you would like to receive church- or pastor-related emails from Northwestern College, you are required to opt in. You can opt in to the church and pastor email list by sending a message to feedback@nwciowa.edu. If you are currently receiving church-and pastor-related emails from Northwestern College and you no longer wish to do so, you may opt out from any church or pastor email sent to you. Parents & family emails The parents and family email list is built from our database of parents and families. If you are currently receiving parents-and family-related emails from Northwestern College and you no longer wish to do so, you may opt out from any parents and family email sent to you. Email abuse If you've received an email from Northwestern College that you think is spam, please let us know. We will need to know the sender, subject and content of the email. In some cases, we may ask you to forward the email to us. There are several ways you may contact us:
E-mail feedback@nwciowa.edu  Call 712-707-7116 Write to Northwestern College Attn: Marketing & Communications 101 7th Street SW Orange City, IA 51041
Social media comments guidelines Northwestern College reserves the right to remove comments or posts on our social media pages containing any of the following:
Misinformation Off-topic or irrelevant information Personal attacks Profanity or obscenity Spam Advertisements Inappropriate personal or sensitive information Content that is contrary to Northwestern’s mission and the student handbook
Repeated violation of these guidelines or behavior that substantially disrupts the maintenance of our pages could result in a user being blocked from the pages.
Photos and videos Northwestern College uses campus photos under a policy of implied consent. Photos and videos are taken regularly and are subsequently used for a variety of informational and promotional purposes, including on social media and our websites. Individuals who do not want their image to be used in this manner have the responsibility to advise the photographer/videographer accordingly or to request media assets depicting them be removed from NWC’s database by emailing news@nwciowa.edu. For images taken off campus, the persons featured must give permission for social media use.
ExploreLearn about NWCAccreditationsCampusDiversityHistory & heritageHonors & awardsOrange City, IowaQuick factsStudent Consumer InfoWork for NWCMission and valuesMission & visionChristian identity statementVision for LearningVision for DiversityPeopleLeadershipBoard of TrusteesPresident Greg ChristyCampus directoryMeet our grads
Home About Privacy statement
LOADING …