https://www.atdd.noaa.gov/privacy/
Skip to content
Home About UsContact Info History Mission & Vision Staff Directory Visiting ATDD
ResearchAir QualityAtmospheric Modeling Precipitation Chemistry Reactive Nitrogen
Boundary Layer ProcessesSurface-layer Meteorology Thunderstorm Initiation Tornadogenesis Unmanned Aircraft Wind Energy
ClimateU.S. Climate Reference NetworkU.S. CRN Map
Snow Measurements Surface Energy Budget Network
ProjectsU.S. Climate Reference NetworkU.S. CRN Map
Snow Measurements Surface Energy Budget Network Surface-layer Meteorology Thunderstorm Initiation Tornadogenesis
TechnologiesAir Surface Exchange Atmospheric Turbulence Probe Forest Micrometeorology Unmanned Aircraft
LibraryArticlesCRN and the 2017 Eclipse A Breath of Fresh Air? Underestimating Ammonia Wind Energy team comes to ATDD
Publications Videos
News Community Search
PRIVACY AND SECURITY NOTICE – THE BASICS
Welcome, and thank you for visiting the ATDD website. We are committed to the privacy of our visitors. We collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Here is how we handle information about your visit. We use Google Analytics web analytics software and the DigitalGov.gov search engine (for searching for information within the ATDD website). When you browse through this website, read pages, or perform searches, these services will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. The only information that is automatically collected and stored is:
The domain name of the network you use to access the Internet (for example, “internetcompanyname.com” if you use a private Internet access account, or “yourschool.edu” if you connect from a university’s domain)
The IP address from which you access our website (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web)
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site
The date and time you access our site
The pages you visit
If you arrived at our website after clicking a link on another website, the address of that website, and
Search terms that you enter into the atdd.noaa.gov search tool.
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors—to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use.
INFORMATION PROTECTION
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. If such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials. Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this server are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act or other law.
INFORMATION THAT YOU VOLUNTARILY PROVIDE
We do not collect personally-identifiable information unless you choose to provide it to us. If you provide us with personally identifiable information, for example by sending an email or by filling out a form and submitting it through our website, we use that information only to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the information and services that you request. We may forward your email to the government employee who can best respond to your request.
Submitting voluntary information constitutes your consent to the use of the information for the stated purpose. When a user clicks the “Submit” button on any of the Web forms found on our site they are indicating voluntary consent to use of the information they submit for the stated purpose. We do not collect or use information for commercial marketing.
HOW INFORMATION IS USED
The information we collect is used for a variety of purposes (e.g., comments on blog posts, weather observations submitted by the public via mobile applications). We make every effort to disclose clearly how information is used at the point where it is collected so that our users can determine for themselves whether they wish to provide the information.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We may share the information you give us with another government agency if your inquiry relates to that agency. In other limited circumstances, such as responses to requests from Congress and private individuals, we may be required by law to disclose information you submit. Before you submit personally identifiable information, such as on an online form, you will be advised as to the purpose and how the information will be used.
We may also share information collected during your visit with non-federal entities, but only if your inquiry requires accessing data from that external entity. All of our sites that require such external access will be clearly identified to help you make an informed choice.
RETENTION OF INFORMATION
We destroy the information we collect when the purpose for which it was provided has been fulfilled unless we are required to keep it longer by statute or official policy. Electronically submitted information is maintained and destroyed according to the principles of the Federal Records Act and the regulations and records schedules approved by the National Archives and Records Administration, and in some cases information submitted to us may become an agency record and therefore might be subject to a Freedom of Information Act request.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The pages on atdd.noaa.gov may contain links to sites created and maintained by other public and private organizations. These links are indicated by an “offsite link” icon, or by the text of the link, or both.
Once you go to another site, you are subject to the privacy and security policies of the new site. It is always a good idea to read the Privacy Policy of any website that you visit. ATDD does not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of information contained in a linked site. We also do not endorse the organizations or individuals maintaining sites that we link to, any views they express, or any products/services they offer.
COOKIES
“Cookies” are small bits of text that are either used for the duration of a session (“session cookies”), or saved on a user’s hard drive in order to identify that user, or information about that user, the next time the user logs on to a website (“persistent cookies”). This website does not use cookies or any other tracking technology. However, this site does use Google Analytics, a tool that provides basic information about website visitors. Please note that this third party service will place a file on your computer so that it can recognize if you visit ATDD.noaa.gov in the future. See below for more information.
INTERACTION WITH CHILDREN
This website may offer educational content to children under 13. No personally identifiable information is collected from them unless voluntarily submitted as a request for information or services. The information collected is used to respond to user inquiries or to provide services requested by our users.
THIRD-PARTY SOCIAL MEDIA TOOLS
NOAA laboratories such as the Air Resources Laboratory (ATDD’s parent organization) maintain official accounts on several third-party social media platforms in order to better engage with the American public and promote awareness of our activities, events, news, and information.
Your activity on third-party sites is governed by the security and privacy policies of the third party sites. Users of third-party sites are often sharing information with the general public, user community, and/or the third-party operating the third-party site. You should review the privacy policies of third-party sites before using them and ensure that you understand how your information may be used. You should also adjust privacy settings on your account on any third-party site to match your preferences.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
This site uses Google Analytics, a third-party web measurement and customization technology as defined and organized by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), “Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies” (OMB M-10-22). Google Analytics places a small file on your computer, commonly called a “cookie,” so that it can recognize your computer if you visit atdd.noaa.gov in the future. This cookie does not collect personal identifying information. This is considered a Tier 2 service in the OMB guidance.
Google Analytics does not collect personally identifiable information through their cookie and does not combine, match, or cross-reference ATDD.noaa.gov information with any other information. Please review Google’s privacy policy for additional information.
Visitors who choose to disable this web measurement will still have full access to atdd.noaa.gov. While the details vary from browser to browser, most modern browsers can be set up to accept, reject, or request user intervention when a site asks to set a cookie. Google Analytics uses a cookie that begins with _utm. Google offers information on privacy settings and opt-out options here.
Go to Top