http://www.psychosomatic.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Virtual Meeting Pursuing Health Equity in the Context of COVID-19: The Essential Role of Psychosomatic Science to be held Dec 3 & 4, 2020. Click for details. >
FacebookTwitter
Join Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
About Us
American Psychosomatic Society (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates https://psychosomatic.org (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection & Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name (“Personal Information”).
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this data.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that we feel is relevant to your interests.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 20, 2020 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Latest News
Parents With Alcohol Problems: Do Their Sons Face Higher Diabetes Risk?
November 18, 2020
Supportive Ties Seem to Buffer the Physical Toll on Children Under Stress
November 18, 2020
Optimism: It Could Do A Heart Good
October 5, 2020
Pandemic Quarantine in UK May Be Taking Grim Toll on Mental Health
October 5, 2020
COVID-19 Takes Huge Mental Health Toll on Frontline Medical Workers, Early Study Finds
September 14, 2020
Connect with APS
Connect on Facebook
Connect on Twitter
Connect on APS Collaborates
Scroll To Top