https://www.ticra.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
At TICRA Fond (referred to in this Privacy Policy as “TICRA”, “we” or “us”) we are committed to protect the privacy and security of our customers and partners, and we support the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The following explains how and why TICRA collects customer information and how you can manage the information you provide to TICRA.
1. The scope of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains what kind of personal data is collected and how it is used by TICRA when you interact with us, such as through visiting our website, your use or purchase of our products or services, your contact with customer support, your subscription to our newsletters or any other interaction with TICRA, including without limitation all online and offline collection of personal data, and your rights in respect of your personal data.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information for job candidates.
This Privacy Policy may be changed over time and was last changed in April 2020. The most up-to-date Privacy Policy is published on our website and we encourage you to periodically review the website for any changes to this Privacy Policy.
2. Privacy and data protection principles
TICRA strives to comply with the GDPR that states that personal information that we hold must be:
Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way
Collected only for valid purposes that we clearly define and not used in any way that is incompatible with those
Relevant to these purposes
Accurate and kept up to date
Kept only for as long as necessary
Kept securely
3. Who is responsible for your personal data?
TICRA Fond (CVR 10558697), Landemærket 29, 5th floor, DK-1119 Copenhagen K, Denmark, is the controller for the processing of personal data that falls within the scope of this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , your use of our website, our products, services, events or general communication with us, in relation to our use of your personal data or your rights in relation to your personal data, you can contact us via email gdpr@ticra.com.
4. For which purposes do we process your personal data?
We will typically collect and use personal information for the following purposes:
For answering your questions and following up on your requests
For processing your orders and payments and for delivering customer service
For processing a software trial
For the performance of a contract, or to take steps to enter a contract
For computer and communications systems administration and security, which can perform automated logging for stability and security reasons
For compliance with a legal obligation (e.g. tax reasons)
For the purposes of our legitimate interests, but only if these are not overridden by the data subject's interests, rights or freedoms
The legal bases for personal information processing are contractual and legitimate interest. We may process personal information without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
TICRA does not collect and/or use any sensitive personal information.
5. How is your personal data collected?
TICRA collects data about you only if you provide it to us, either when we meet at for instance, conferences and exhibitions or when we receive an email from you.
On www.ticra.com, you provide personal data in two ways. First, when you request a software trial, documentation or ask for a quote through an online form, we ask for personal data in order to take the necessary actions. Second, when you subscribe to our quarterly newsletter, you provide personal data to us. You can unsubscribe to our newsletter by a link included in every newsletter.
On support.ticra.com, customers holding an active maintenance contract may choose to submit a request for software support. We ask for personal data in order to assist you with the request and we use the data solely for that purpose.
6. What type of personal data do we process?
In order to perform the above-mentioned purposes in section 4, we process the following categories of personal information:
Personal contact details, such as name, title, address, telephone number and e-mail address
Employer and job function
In addition, we may ask the customers for their consent to store and use additional personal information for specific purposes.
7. For how long do we retain your personal data?
We will retain your personal data for as long as necessary for the purposes set out above, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
Personal data will be a) stored for up to ten years after the active customer relationship has terminated, or b) removed at any time on explicit request to gdpr@ticra.com.
8. Cookies
You can use TICRA’s website without revealing any information about yourself. Our website is not set up to track, collect or distribute personal information about you, unless you voluntarily enter information into a website form.
However, we do collect information using cookies placed by Google Analytics. Cookies are small files which save and retrieve information about your visit to our website – for instance, your Internet service provider’s domain name, pages you have accessed and when. We use this information only to analyse the use of our website to help guide improvements. We do not collect any personally identifiable information.
If you do not wish for cookies to be placed on your computer, please configure your web browser to either erase cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block all cookies, or present a warning before a cookie is stored.
9. What happens if I do not wish to provide personal data?
If you do not wish to provide personal information specified in section 6 to us we may be prevented from performing contracts and from complying with our legal obligations.
10. Who has access to your personal data
Access to your personal information is limited to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
10.1 Access to your personal data within TICRA
Your personal data will be available within TICRA to only those who need access to the data and only to the extent necessary to meet purposes specified in section 4 above.
10.2. Access to your personal data by third parties
The following third parties have access to your personal data, where relevant:
Agents, who handle sales on behalf of TICRA in specific countries
Banks
Insurance companies
IT suppliers, including website administrators
Accountants and forensic specialists
Governmental and regulatory bodies and other third parties to whom we must disclose information under applicable law
Where third parties are given access to your personal data, TICRA will take the required contractual, technical and organisational measures to ensure that your personal data are only processed to the extent that such data processing is necessary. Third parties are required to keep your personal data secure.
11. How is your personal data secured
TICRA has taken adequate safeguard to ensure the confidentiality and security of your personal data. Our Information System Security Policy describes the procedure to deal with any suspected data security breach that includes notifying affected data subjects and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.The Information System Security Policy is available upon request.
12. Your rights
The GDPR gives you the right to request access to - and rectification or erasure of - personal data, the right to restrict data processing, object to data processing as well as in certain circumstances the right to data portability.
If consent was given for the processing of data, that consent may be withdrawn (in certain circumstances) at any time which will not affect the lawfulness of the data processing before the consent was withdrawn.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Danish Data Protection Agency if you are dissatisfied with the manner in which TICRA is processing your personal data. You will find contact information for the Danish Data Protection Age
13. Amendments to this policy
We reserve the right to change and modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. Your continued use of the websites following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes.
This policy was last updated on 2 July 2020.
X
How can we help you?
Choice*
I would like a trial
Please send a quote
Please send documentation
NameE-mail
TelephoneCompany*MessagePageYour contact information may be sent to a TICRA sales representative.NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.