http://www.jcoleman.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Our website address is: http://www.jcoleman.co.uk
Dr John Coleman respects the security and privacy of everyone who uses this website. For any personal data you provide for the purposes of accessing our services,Dr John Coleman is the Data Controller and is responsible for storing and otherwise processing that data in a fair, lawful, secure and transparent way. We uphold the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“Data Protection Law”).
What personal data we collect and why we collect itYou may give us information about yourself by filling in forms online, or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. The information you give us may include your name, job title, organisation, address, e-mail address and phone number. We may also ask for some additional, non-personal information.
Your personal information will only be used to process your requests and to provide you with information relating to your enquiry.
We will not pass your data to third parties unless required by law to do so.
How long we keep your dataWe take the principles of data minimisation and removal seriously and have internal policies in place to ensure that we only ever ask for the minimum amount of data for the relevant activity, which may be to fulfil statutory obligations, and delete that data promptly once it is no longer required.
Visits to our websiteWhen you visit our web site it will log your IP address but this is not linked to anything that identifies you, so it will remain anonymous to us.
CookiesThis site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping baskets, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics.
As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser.
We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers
AnalyticsWe use Google Analytics for this purpose. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website usage by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information collected by Google Analytics about usage of our website is not personally identifiable. The data is collected anonymously, stored by Google and used by us to create reports about website usage. Google’s privacy policy is available at http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Our processing of your personal dataWe will use information that you supply on any of our electronic forms only for the purpose stated on the relevant form. We will only ask you for information which is necessary to process your request.
The security of your personal dataDr John Coleman will take all steps reasonably necessary including policies, procedures and security features to ensure that your data is treated securely and protected from unauthorised and unlawful access and/or use, and in accordance with this notice.
Rights you have over your dataA full summary of your legal rights over your data can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website here: https://ico.org.uk/
CookiesThis site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you