http://www.purenlp.com/terms-conditions
Home
About
Team
Events
Testimonials
Articles
Videos
FAQ
Get Info
Privacy Policy  Privacy Statement for www.purenlp.com.We do not share, loan, rent, sell, or in any other way give our contact information to anyone, unless required by law.  NLP Seminars Group International has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and disseminationPractices for this website: www.purenlp.com.We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. This site contains links to other sites. www.purenlp.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.Our site uses a form for customers to request information and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address, mailing address, etc.)Contact information from the online orders at our NLPStore.com order form is used to send orders, information about our company, and promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.Supplementation InformationThis site may supplement the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties.Choice/Opt-OutOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. You can send an email to: jlavalle@purenlp.com with the subject line "Please Change or Correct My Information".You can send mail to the following postal address: NLP Seminars Group International, PO Box 424, Hopatcong, NJ 07843You can call the following telephone number: 973-770-3600Correct/UpdateThis site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. Email: jlavalle@purenlp.comsend mail to the following postal address: NLP Seminars Group International, PO Box 424, Hopatcong, NJ 07843call the following telephone number: 973-770-3600Contacting the Web SiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contactJohn La ValleNLP Seminars Group InternationalPO Box 424HopatcongNJ, 07843