http://www.nextbio.com/b/corp/privacy_statement.nb
Illumina Privacy Policy
BaseSpace
correlationengine
correlationengine
Sign In
Register
Privacy Policy
NextBio is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) that we collect from users of our website, our products (the "Products") and related services (the "Services"). By submitting Personal Data through our website, Products or Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
The Privacy of Your Personal Data Is Our Top Priority
All of the data and information that you upload or import into NextBio is protected per the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service or, if applicable, our license agreement with you. The Privacy Policy below is meant to address the protection of any Personal Data that we collect from you in keeping with applicable laws and regulations. If you have any questions, please email us at info@nextbio.com.
Types of Data We Collect
Personal Data, Anonymous and Proprietary Data
NextBio collects Personal Data and Anonymous Data from you when you visit our website, when you send us information or communications, and when you download and use our Products or Services. "Personal Data" means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data. "Anonymous Data" means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data. Anonymous Data does not permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data as described below.
Personal Data and Anonymous Data as defined above do not include lab research data ("Proprietary Data") uploaded or imported into NextBio by our users. The use of your Proprietary Data is expressly governed and protected by the Terms of Service or, if applicable, our license agreement with you. Specifically, please review our description of Content, Communication Services, Third Party Content, Services, and Submissions under the Terms of Service, each as defined therein.
The personally identifiable information you choose to provide on our site is used to help you describe yourself to other users, subject to your personal privacy settings. Other information that does not personally identify you as an individual and is not a Submission is also collected by NextBio (such as, by way of example, patterns of usage) and is exclusively owned by NextBio. This information can be utilized by NextBio in such manner as NextBio, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate.
Personal Data You Provide to Us
We may collect Personal Data from you, such as first and last name, e-mail address, company or university name, address, professional title, contacts, and area of research focus via our website, Products and Services. If you are a user of our Products or Services and create an account to login to our network, we will also collect a password and retain information on your behalf, such as your NextBio searches, files and other data, to facilitate your use of the Products and Services.
If you provide us feedback via e-mail or contact us regarding any matter, such as an employment opportunity posted on our website, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content or information that you submit to us and include in the e-mail, such as a resume, in order to send you a reply.
We also collect other types of Personal Data that you provide to us voluntarily, such as your operating system and version, and other requested information if you contact us via e-mail regarding support for the Products or Services.
Personal Data Collected via Technology
To make our website, Products and Services more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect Personal Data from you, including clickstream information (indicating the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) to and from which you navigate and information related to the website pages you have visited), browser type, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit. Like most internet-based services, we automatically gather this Personal Data and store it in log files each time you visit our website or access your account on our network.
Personal Data That We Collect from You About Others
If you decide to create an account for and/or invite a third party to join our network, we will collect your and the third party's names and e-mail addresses in order to send an e-mail and follow up with the third party. You or the third party may contact us at info@nextbio.com to request the removal of this information from our database.
In addition, we collect information about your personal and professional network on NextBio through features related to contacts, groups, projects, and other sharing or collaboration tools and profile features found on our website.
Personal Data Collected by Third Parties
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Privacy Policy, only NextBio collects Personal Data through our website, Products or Services. Our partners may supply us with Personal Data, such as your address information, in order to help us establish an account. This Privacy Policy applies only to the use and disclosure of Personal Data that we collect while you use our website, Products and Services.
Our provision of a link to any other website or location, such as the website for the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) or payment processing websites, is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents. When you click on such a link, you will leave our site and go to another site. During this process, a third party may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be advised that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on a link to a third party.
Use of Your Data
NextBio uses your Personal Data in the following ways: to share with others based on your selected privacy settings; to facilitate the creation of and secure your account on our network; to identify you as a user in our system; to provide improved administration of our website, Products and Services; to improve the quality of your experience when you interact with our website, Products and Services; to send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your account was created; to send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories; to respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests; to send promotional communications; and to conduct other activities that NextBio deems necessary or desirable as part of the Product or Services. As a default, your name will be made visible to other NextBio users and may be indexed by internet search engines unless you provide otherwise. You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Data as described in this section.
We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Data to perform statistical analyses of users' aggregate behavior to enhance our Products and Services and improve site navigation. NextBio reserves the right to use and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties in its sole discretion.
In order to cooperate with governmental requests, subpoenas or court orders, to protect our Products, Services and users, or to ensure the integrity and operation of NextBio's business and systems and our Products and Services, NextBio may access and disclose any information and content NextBio considers necessary or appropriate, including, without limitation, information about users (i.e., name, e-mail address, etc.), IP address and traffic information, usage history, and submissions.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Except as otherwise stated in this policy, we do not generally sell, trade, or rent the Personal Data collected from our Services to third parties. However, we may share your Personal Data with third parties to conduct quality assurance testing, facilitate creation of accounts, provide technical support, or provide specific services, such as synchronization of your contacts with other software applications. These third parties are generally required not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by NextBio and are generally bound by confidentiality agreements with regard to their use of such information. You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Data with our contractors and third party service providers for the purpose of providing services to you.
We may periodically send you newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our site or the purchase of our Products or Services.
Such material may also contain advertisements for third parties. Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we may share your e-mail address with third parties to ensure that you do not receive further communications from those third parties.
Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data, NextBio may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on NextBio; or (b) protect or defend the rights or property of NextBio or users of the Products and Services.
Although we currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, "Affiliates"), we may in the future. We may share some or all of your Personal Data with these Affiliates, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires our company and/or our assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
Control of Your Personal Data
Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Data
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data. You may control the information submitted by you, including your privacy settings, through our website. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to "opt-out" by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
Accessing, Reviewing, and Changing Your Personal Data
You may change any of the Personal Data in your account directly on our website at any time. In addition, you may control who can see certain portions of your Personal Data through the privacy settings available under your profile. If you have any problems controlling or changing your Personal Data, or changing your privacy settings, please contact us at info@nextbio.com.
Security of Your Personal Data
NextBio is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
NextBio has implemented industry-standard electronic means of protecting your Personal Data. We store Personal Data behind a computer firewall, a barrier designed to prevent outsiders from accessing our servers, and implement technology to detect intrusions. We also require you to enter a password to access your account information. In addition, NextBio protects your Personal Data from unauthorized physical access by storing your Personal Data in a controlled facility. Except as provided elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, NextBio limits access to Personal Data in electronic databases to those persons (including employees and contractors) in NextBio's organization who have a business need for such access. Lastly, we conduct regular internal audits and vulnerability scans to ensure compliance with these security measures and generate security incident logs that track data useful in screening for attempted abuse of or unauthorized access to your Personal Data.
Even though NextBio has taken significant steps to ensure that your Personal Data is not intercepted, accessed, used, or disclosed by unauthorized persons, you should know that NextBio cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data.
A Note About Children
Our website, Products and Services are not designed for children under the age of 13. We will not deliberately gather Personal Data about visitors in this age group, and do not collect any information with respect to age.
Questions Regarding This Privacy Policy
Contact Information
NextBio welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please e-mail us at info@nextbio.com or contact us at the following address or telephone number:
NextBioATTN: Information Privacy451 El Camino Real, Suite 210Santa Clara, CA 95050(408) 861-3610
Dispute Resolution
If you believe that NextBio has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact NextBio by e-mail at info@nextbio.com.
We will do our best to address your concerns. If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely, we invite you to let us know for further investigation. If you and NextBio are unable to reach a resolution to the dispute, you agree to settle the dispute exclusively under the rules of the American Arbitration Association (www.adr.org).
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your Personal Data, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our website. Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our website, Products and Services. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Data to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided to us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Data that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Data, you must notify us that you wish to deactivate your account with us prior to the effective date of the changes. Continued use of our website, Products or Services following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
This Privacy Policy was last revised on August 14, 2008.
Illumina
Contact Us
Correlation Engine APIs
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Corporate Home
Copyright © 2017 Illumina Inc. All rights reserved.