http://www.towerbridge.org.uk/legal
Skip to main content
EnglishFrenchSpanishGermanItalian
Legal Notices
This is the Website of Tower Bridge
By using this website the User agrees to be bound by the "Terms and Conditions of Use" and if the User purchases any goods or services from the website agrees to be bound by the "General Conditions of Sale" and any specific conditions set out.
Disclaimer
The Corporation of London is committed to the highest standard and quality of information and every attempt has been made to present up-to-date, accurate information.
However the Corporation gives no warranty as to the accuracy of the information on this website and accepts no liability for any loss damage or inconvenience caused as a result of reliance on such information.
Although the Corporation takes all reasonable measures to ensure that the information provided to it from third parties is accurate and not defamatory or offensive it cannot control the content or take responsibility for pages maintained by external providers or linked pages.
Terms and Conditions of Use
Terms and conditions of use of the website of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London ("the Corporation of London").
General
1. In accessing information from this website the User agrees to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use as set out below.
2. This website contains proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which the User agrees to observe and follow.
Security
3. The User assumes full responsibility for the protection of his computer system including computer hardware software and stored data on his computer system including hardware software and stored data of third parties who may access or be otherwise connected to the User's computer system. The User will assume the responsibility of ensuring that programs or other data downloaded or otherwise received from this website are free from viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other items of a destructive nature.
4. The Corporation will take reasonable steps to ensure that data transmitted electronically to the Corporation via the site or otherwise and stored by the Corporation is not accessed by unauthorised third parties in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998. The User accepts the risk that data transmitted electronically to the Corporation via this website or otherwise may be intercepted before reaching the Corporation or accessed from the Corporation's data storage by third parties not authorised by the Corporation and may be exploited unlawfully by such unauthorised third parties.
5. The Corporation makes no representations as to the security quality or propriety of any website which may be accessed through this website and accepts no liability for the content or for any loss or damage caused or alleged to have been caused by the use of or reliance on information contained in such websites or goods or services purchased therefrom. Connected websites accessed through this website are independent websites over which the Corporation does not exercise any control whether financial editorial or of any other kind and are not in any way endorsed by the Corporation.
Errors
6. Information contained in this website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical mistakes. Information may be changed or updated without notice and any queries relating to the information including queries as to its currency and accuracy should be addressed to the person or persons stipulated in the Specific Conditions on the appropriate pages relevant to the goods or services sought.
Warranty and Liability
7. All information made available from within this website is provided "as is" for information purposes only and without warranty of any kind either express or implied including but not limited to any warranties as to non-infringement of rights merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
8.1 The Corporation accepts no responsibility whatsoever for any data corruption interception or delay or any inaccuracies or errors that may occur and any liability in respect thereof is excluded to the full extent permitted by Law.
8.2 In no circumstances will the Corporation be liable to the User for any direct indirect consequential special or other damage howsoever resulting from the use of this website or any other website connected to the website by means of a hypertext link or otherwise. This shall be the case whether such damage is caused by transmission from this website (or a connected website) to the User's computer system of viruses worms Trojan horses or other destructive items corrupted data or data incompatible with the User's computer system or of third parties' interception of or access to data of whatever nature. "Data" includes (without limitation) personal data and credit and payment card information transmitted by the User electronically to the Corporation or otherwise. Such damage shall include (without limitation) lost profits interruption to business loss of the whole or any part of a program or programs or any data howsoever stored whether saved on a computer system or otherwise.
9. The Corporation accepts no liability whatsoever in connection with the User's use of this website whether in contract tort, negligence or breach of Statutory Duty or otherwise.
10. Nothing in these terms shall exclude the Corporation's liability for death or personal injury arising from the negligence of the Corporation its employees agents or contractors resulting from the use of this website.
11. The Corporation publishes the images and information on this website in good faith but accepts no liability for the accuracy or decency thereof. The Corporation will use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that all intellectual property rights are respected and that the information and images are accurate and neither defamatory or offensive.
Copyright
12.1 This website belongs in all respects to the Corporation and Open Agency.
12.2 All intellectual property rights including copyright Database Rights and First Publication Rights patents Registered Trade Marks, know-how, intellectual or industrial property rights, including format, art direction, look and feel and content subsisting throughout the World shall rest in the Corporation of London.
12.3 None of the data or content found on this website may be reproduced published distributed posted or transferred modified or linked to another website without the express written permission of the Corporation of London. Any trade mark logo crest or other identifiable emblem of the Corporation of London shall remain the property of the Corporation at all times and no licence or right to use any of the same shall be granted or implied in any way.
13. Users may not modify copy distribute transmit display reproduce publish licence or create derivative works or sell any information obtained from the website. Users may download information or images for private non-commercial viewing purposes only unless permitted for the purpose of making an offer appropriate to the goods or services required.
Availability of Website
14. It is acknowledged by the User that it is not technically possible for the Corporation to provide a completely fault free service and the Corporation gives no guarantees or warranties express or implied as to the quality or reliability of access to this site.
15. The Corporation reserves the right to suspend or cancel this site or otherwise refuse access to it immediately and without notice for any reason including but not limited to maintenance repair or updating at any time at its absolute discretion.
Enforcement
16. The failure by the Corporation to enforce any term or condition hereof or of the Conditions of Sale shall not be deemed as a waiver of the right to enforce such term or condition.
Jurisdiction
17. This website is situated in London England and all the terms and conditions of use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and subject to the jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Contact
18. In the event of any queries about how to use the website, please email us at enquiries@towerbridge.org.uk.
Privacy and Data Protection Statement
This is the current Privacy and Data Protection Statement for the Tower Bridge website, which is owned, funded and managed by the City of London Corporation, and which came into effect on 10 November 2014 (for details of any changes or copies of any previous Privacy Statement please email us at enquiries@towerbridge.org.uk).
Policy and Personal Data
1. The Corporation will use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that the User's privacy is protected. When the User registers with the Corporation and places an order the Corporation will require to know the name delivery address email address and telephone number. This information allows the Corporation to fulfil the User's order and notify the User of the status of the order. Details of payment card numbers and expiry dates etc will be held on a secure server by the Corporation's Payment Service Provider and to which the Corporation does not have access.
2. The Corporation may ask the User to answer various general questions about themselves including any areas in which the User is interested so that information can be tailored to cover the areas in which the Corporation believe the User might be interested for future reference.
3. The Corporation would like to use the User's information for the purpose of providing them with material about any special areas of the Corporation which is believed may be of interest to the User and for related marketing purposes. The Corporation will only provide the User with this material if the User has ticked the "opt-in" box on their Registration Form.
4. If at any time the User wishes to receive material about any other Corporation areas which they currently do not receive or if the User wishes to stop receiving any material the User may request amendment or removal of their preferences by amending the "opt-in" box on their Registration Form.
5. The personal data collected by the Corporation will be evaluated periodically to determine whether it should continue to hold such data. The User may notify the Corporation if they do not wish data to be continually held by emailing us at enquiries@towerbridge.org.uk.
6. The Corporation does not intend to export User data outside the European Union and will only be storing the information supplied together with details of the activities the User has undertaken with the Corporation and mailings that have been sent.
7. Whilst the Corporation does not sell, trade or rent the User's personal data to others at present, it may choose to do so in the future with trustworthy and specific third parties if the User has consented to this use.
Statistics
8. The Corporation may provide aggregate statistics about customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third party vendors but these will not include any personally identifying information.
Monitoring of User Traffic
9. The Corporation may monitor user traffic on an aggregate basis in order to help it develop and improve the website for the benefit of all users.
Security
10. Users are advised that the Internet is not a secure medium. The Corporation will use reasonable endeavours to keep user information confidential and store it on a secure server which is password protected and hidden behind a firewall from the outside world. Internal procedures cover the storage access and disclosure of user information. The Corporation will not sell or pass user information on to any third parties without first obtaining the user's consent
Transmission of Data Outside the EU
11. Because the Internet infrastructure is global and it is not possible to predict the routes that information sent over the Internet will take, the information the User provides may be transferred temporarily via a route which takes it outside the European Economic Area as it passes between the User and the Corporation. By submitting your information you consent to this transfer.
Disclosure
12. The Corporation may disclose personal information if required to do so by Law or in good faith believes it is required to do so by any order of the Courts or other competent body or agency or may do so to protect or defend the rights or property of the Corporation or to protect the personal safety of the User's employees or the public at large.
Links
13. The Corporation website has links to other websites which will have different privacy trading and use policies and conditions and the User should familiarise himself with the same.
Data Protection
14. The Corporation uses all reasonable endeavours to comply with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the following principles:
(1) Personal data should be processed fairly and lawfully This means that individuals should not be deceived or misled into supplying information
(2) Data should only be obtained for a specified purpose and should not be used for any other purpose
(3) Personal data should be adequate relevant and not excessive in relation to its purpose
(4) Personal data should be accurate and up to date where necessary
(5) Personal data should not be kept longer than is needed for its intended purpose
(6) Personal data should be processed in accordance with the rights of the individual which the information concerns
(7) Appropriate measures should be taken against unlawful processing or destruction of records Computer systems should have back up facilities and security provisions
(8) Personal data should not be transferred outside the European Economic Area (the EU states plus Liechtenstein Iceland and Norway)
For more information on the Data Protection Act, you can call (UK) 01625 545 700 or visit the Data Protection website.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which stores information that a website puts on your hard disk so that it can remember something about you at a later time. Typically, a cookie records your preferences when using a particular site.
Cookies are only used in the sections of the site where you need to log in, eg online payments (our navigation calls this area 'online services') and they are only stored for the duration of your visit. You will require cookies to be enabled on your browser to allow you to use this section of our web site.
We do not use them to collect personal information about you. If you do not wish to receive cookies then you can set your web browser to reject them. However, this will prevent your using our 'online services'.
See our cookies policy for detailed information on how this website uses cookies.
General Conditions of Sale
General conditions of sale of the website of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London ("the Corporation of London").
The General Conditions of Sale shall apply to any order for goods or services from the Corporation of London by the Purchaser made from this website. Specific conditions will apply to individual goods or services and will be found on the appropriate pages for transactions involving the specific goods or services (the "Specific Conditions") Where any conflict exists between the General Conditions of Sale and the Specific Conditions then the Specific Conditions shall apply.
The Corporation will provide the goods upon the following conditions of sale:
Offer and Acceptance
1. The Corporation invites you the User to view the goods and services as displayed on the website.
2.1 If you wish to make a purchase of goods or services you should complete the relevant details on the screen and offer the stated price together with your payment card details.
2.2 To order goods or services online you must be registered on this website.
3.1 The Corporation may at its option either accept or reject your offer to purchase and pay for the goods or services online.
3.2 If the Corporation rejects your offer to purchase online you will be notified and/or advised of an alternative method of purchase.
4.1 All orders are subject to availability.
4.2 The Corporation at its sole discretion reserves the right to refuse any offer to purchase by any company or individual for whatever reason.
Despatch
5.1 If the Corporation accepts your offer, it will use all reasonable endeavours to prepare and despatch the goods within the time scales set out in the appropriate Specific Conditions and if not stated within a reasonable time.
(i) Delivery will be made by email to the User’s contact details as provided by the User
(ii) The Corporation does not warrant that it can procure the delivery of the goods within the stated time.
5.2 Where the Corporation is unable to deliver the goods products or services for force majeure or stock supply reasons the User acknowledges this and agrees to permit a further reasonable time for delivery
Delivery Charges
6. The Corporation shall deliver the goods ordered to the delivery address which you supply. There will be no charge for sending the good via email.
Non-Disclosure
7. The Corporation shall not be required to disclose or explain any acceptance or rejection of offers unless otherwise set out in the Specific Conditions.
Payment
8.1 All payments will be in £ sterling inclusive of VAT and other UK Taxes.
8.2 If the Corporation accepts your offer it shall take payment in accordance with the prices set out on the appropriate pricing schedule via your payment card from the details provided through an encrypted Secure Server operated by an independent Payment Service Provider approved by a number of the High Street Banks.
8.3 On acceptance of your offer to purchase a transaction confirmation email will be sent which may be used for tax purposes.
9. The Corporation will use all reasonable endeavours to protect your payment card information via the secure server. However, any losses incurred or sustained by you when you transmit information by means of email or other Internet link shall be borne solely and exclusively by you and in no event shall any such losses in whole or in part be accepted by the Corporation. If you are using a public computer, you should sign out when you have finished the transaction.
Fraud
10. If you discover that goods or services have been ordered using your payment card by someone not authorised to do so you should:
(i) inform your payment card provider, the Police and the Corporation of the unauthorised purchase as soon as you discover it; and
(ii) co-operate with your payment card provider, the Police and the Corporation in relation to the unauthorised use.
Liability and Force Majeure
11. Neither you nor the Corporation shall be liable to the other in respect of loss damage or delay or any failure to deliver if the cause of such loss etc. shall arise from any act of government or other competent authority or any public utility of external postal or courier services or Internet Service Provider flood storm tempest or other freak of nature riot civil or commotion action of hostile foreign state (whether or not a formal declaration of war has been made given or received) fire explosion malicious damage act of God or other force majeure occurrence which could not have been avoided or mitigated by the application of due diligence or foresight.
Copyright
12.1 All website design, text, graphics software source codes and design rights and the selection of images etc on the website or the arrangement thereof are the copyright of the Corporation. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print in hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with or providing information to the Corporation. Any other use of materials on this site (including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above and modification, distribution or re-publication) is strictly prohibited.
12.2 Copyright and first publication rights including all other intellectual propriety rights in all images displayed shall vest in the Corporation or the acknowledged copyright owner.
12.3 Reproduction of any image is strictly prohibited unless authorised in writing by the Corporation.
Jurisdiction
13. This Agreement is made in London England and shall be governed and construed in accordance with the Laws of England and Wales and shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Cancellation
15. You may cancel an order at any point within one working day of your original request by telephone to the contact details specified on your order confirmation. You will be entitled to a full refund provided that any goods that have been despatched prior to cancellation are returned in original condition and packaging to the contact address specified on your order confirmation.
Tracking Orders
16. You can track progress of your order by telephone to the contact number specified on your order confirmation or on-line from the point of original entry on this website. In all enquiries you should quote the transaction reference allocated to your original order. You will need your personal registration details to view the status of your order online.
Miscellaneous
17. The Corporation provides this website and its content as seen and makes no express representation or warranty of any kind with respect to the website or its content.
18. The price and availability of goods products services supplied via the website is subject to change without notice. Details of current price and availability may be found in the appropriate Specific Conditions.
19. The Corporation aims to provide goods and services of a merchantable quality which are fit for their purpose and value for money. These terms and conditions show how we aim to do this and do not affect your statutory rights.
20.1 You will protect the Corporation's copyright and all other intellectual property rights in the goods while they remain in your care and control.
20.2 If you sell or transfer any of the goods or services purchased you will notify any subsequent owner of the Corporation's rights in the goods or services.
21. No variation in any of the terms of these conditions shall be effective unless agreed in writing by the Corporation's Comptroller and City Solicitor.
Should you have any queries regarding these notices please email us at enquiries@towerbridge.org.uk.
https://www.towerbridge.org.uk/legal