http://www.tenset.co.uk/privacy.html
Tenset Home
Download
Prices
Store
Upgrade
Contact
About Us
Breeders Assistant
PedPro
Pedigree Assistant
PedPal
Tenset Home
Download
Prices
Store
Upgrade
Contact
About Us
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. This statement aims to provide details about the information we collect and what happens to it.
Last updated 26 April 2018.
Introduction
This Privacy Policy explains the types of personal data we collect about you when you interact with this company, and explains how we store it, process it, and keep it safe. Hopefully this will answer all your questions but if not, please do get in touch with us.
Who is Tenset?
Tenset Technologies Ltd is a limited company registered in the UK.
Our registered office is 6 The Old Maltings, 135 Ditton Walk, Cambridge, Cambs, CB5 8PY
Explaining the legal basis we rely on
The law specifies several reasons why a company may collect and process your personal data, including:
Contractual Obligation - sometimes we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations. E.g. if you order a product for delivery on CD/USB, we need your address in order to post the physical media to you.
Consent - sometimes we are permitted to collect and process your data with your consent. E.g. if you tick a box to receive email marketing.
Legal Compliance - if the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data. E.g. we can pass on details of people involved in fraudulent activity to the necessary authorities, or we may be required to maintain your details for our tax and accounting records.
When does Tenset collect your personal data?
When you make an online purchase through any Tenset website, including this one.
When you use our customer service help desk.
When you engage with us on social media.
When you contact us by any means with enquiries, complaints etc.
When you've given a third party permission to share with us the information they hold about you.
What type of personal data do we collect?
When you contact us online: your email address and your name (if you choose to give it).
When you place an order online: your name, email address, postal address and telephone number (if you choose to give it).
When you engage with us on social media: your social media user name, and possibly your name and/or your email address.
When you contact us by any means with enquiries, complaints etc.: your name, and possibly any or all of your email address, postal address and telephone number (if you choose to give any of them).
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent in advance.
We do not collect sensitive financial related information such as credit card details.
What about web site logs?
When you browse through our site your browser issues HTTP requests for web pages and other resources from our web server. We collect certain information contained in the HTTP requests, including:
originating IP address
referring web page
user-agent information
We do not log the specific identity of visitors. We collect the above information for web site administration purposes, including:
to ensure that only authenticated users can access restricted sections of our site
to enable us to improve our site
to ensure that we deliver the information you request in a format that is usable to you and your browser
What about cookies?
This web site uses a first-party cookie in it's online ordering pages which is used to remember the currency you have chosen to have prices shown in, and is essential for the correct operation of the online ordering system.It does not track your personal information, serve you advertising, or in fact anything nasty at all.
This web site also uses Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses a first-party cookie and JavaScript code to anonymously tracks how visitors interact with this site and to track our advertising campaign data.
What about non-personal data?
Occasionally you may have a need to send us a copy of your data e.g. to see whether it data can be converted, or to look into a problem.
We will never provide any data you send us, nor any part of it, to any third party in any form whatsoever without your explicit prior consent. This includes, but is not limited to, using your data as part of breed databases supplied to others or online.
Do you use "bought-in" email lists, or similar, to send marketing communications?
No, and we never will.
What if I receive spam email that appears to come from Tenset?
If you receive spam email purporting to be from us, it isn't. It will be a fraudster sending you their 'offering' and fraudulently using a Tenset email address, such as by way of a forged sender address. This is called 'email spoofing' and, sadly, this kind of activity is rife on the internet.
Fraudulent emails adopt many different forms and are the unauthorized actions of third parties not associated with Tenset.
Tenset accepts no responsibility for any costs or charges incurred as a result of fraudulent activity.
How, and why, do we use your personal data?
To process your purchase orders.
To reply to you when you contact our customer service help desk.
To send you occasional email informing you about product updates but only if you have explicitly consented to that. Of course, you may opt out of such communications at any time.
To respond to your enquiries or complaints.
To send you survey and feedback requests to help improve our products. Such messages will not include any promotional content and do not require prior consent when sent by email. Of course, you may opt out of such communications at any time by contacting us either through our customer service help desk or by replying to any email you receive from us. We have a legitimate business interest to do this as this helps make our products more relevant to you.
To protect our business from fraud and other illegal activities.
To send you occasional marketing communications by email but only if you have explicitly consented to that. Of course, you may opt out of such communications at any time.
To process payments and to prevent fraudulent transactions, which we are permitted to do based on our legitimate business interests.
To contact you as required by law, or when necessary to inform you about changes to the services we provide you. E.g. changes to this Privacy Policy. Such communications will not include any promotional material and do not require prior consent when sent by email. If we did not use your personal data in this way, we would be unable to comply with our legal obligations in some situations.
To comply with our contractual or legal obligations to share data with law enforcement. E.g. to comply with a court order.
How is your personal data protected?
Access to your personal data within our company is password-protected.
All transactional areas of our websites are secured using 'https' technology, either directly on our website or indirectly through third party services (such as Paypal).
How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep it only for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected.
In the case of your personal data that we have collected in connection with a software order you have placed with us, we keep that without time limit in order to be able to resupply you with your installation codes (should you lose them), and to enable us to check that you qualify for product upgrades. We cannot do that unless we retain your customer details. Of course, you can ask to be removed from our customer database at any point - by contacting our customer service help desk.
Who do we share your personal data with?
We do not share your personal data with third parties except for IT companies who support our website and other business systems, or as required to do so for legal reasons such as to the police or other enforcement, regulatory or Government body. In the case of IT companies who support our website and other business systems, we provide only the information necessary to perform their specific services. E.g. we use an external support helpdesk system from the US based company, Zendesk, with whom we share your email and name. This is in order to provide you with helpdesk communications. If we stop using their services, any of your data held by them will be deleted.
We do not share your data with third parties for their own purposes.
Where is your data held and/or processed?
It is normally held within the UK. Sometimes we share your personal data with third parties and suppliers outside the European Economic Area (EEA), such as the USA. If we do this we ensure your data receives the same protection as if it were being processed inside the EEA. In the case of the US, we only use suppliers certified under the Privacy Shield (the U.S. Department of Commerce, with the European Commission and the Swiss government, created the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks to provide companies with a mechanism to transfer personal data from the European Union to the United States in a manner that provides an adequate level of protection for the purpose of European data protection law).
We do not store your personal data (name, email address, postal address, or phone number) on our web site/server. If our web site were to be hacked into, it would be impossible for any hacker or intruder to obtain any personal information about you from it, because it is not stored there.
What rights do you have over your personal data?
You have the right:
To request the correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or otherwise inaccurate.
To request a copy of the personal data we hold about you, free of charge.
To request that we stop using your personal data for direct marketing.
To request that we stop all consent-based processing of your personal data if you withdraw that consent.
Direct marketing:
You have the right to stop our use of your personal data for any direct marketing activity, and we will always comply with your request.
Checking your identity:
To protect confidentiality of your personal data, we may need to ask you to verify your identity before proceeding with any request you make under this Privacy Policy.
If you have authorised a third party to submit a request on your behalf, they will need to prove they have your permission to act.
Your right to withdraw your consent:
If you have given us your consent to use your personal data for a particular reason, you have the right to change your mind whenever you wish and withdraw that consent.
If we process your data based on our legitimate interest (not consent):
You can ask us to cease processing your personal data. We must then do that unless we believe we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue processing your personal data.
How do you stop us from using your personal data for direct marketing?
Any marketing communication we send include instructions on how to stop all future such communications. E.g. any email we send will include instructions on how to follow a link to unsubcribe, or it will say otherwise how you can easily withdraw your consent.
Contacting the Regulator
If you believe that we have not stored or processed your personal data correctly, or you are unhappy with our replies to any requests you have made regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office. You can contact them online at www.ico.org.uk/ or by calling 0303 123 1113 (in the UK).
Questions?
If you have any questions that have not been covered in this Privacy Policy, please contact us through our customer service help desk.