http://www.crystalmaker.com/legal.html
HOME SOFTWARE STORE SUPPORT CONTACT ABOUT
Legal Statement
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy We provide this website subject to certain conditions.
The copyright of this website and its contents are reserved by
CrystalMaker Software Ltd. We grant access to the contents of
this website to individuals for the purposes of learning about our
products. None of the information contained on this website may be
reproduced by third parties (e.g., images, text, structures, software) without
prior written consent from CrystalMaker Software Ltd. You must
not introduce or attempt to introduce any unauthorized materials
onto this site, or try to block the access of other individuals
to this site. Note that, as with most websites, your activity may be
tracked, in the form of web logs - which capture the IP address,
date time and any links clicked. Furthermore, by entering your
name and e-mail address, you are consenting to this being used
for customer services purposes in order for us to help you with
your query. Restriction of Access We reserve the right to prohibit certain addresses from
accessing this website. This includes addresses known to be
using stolen or hacked copies of the software, known sources of
spam, or addresses where we have detected hacking attempts. Availability and Liability Whilst we do our best to keep the information on this site up-to-date, we cannot
guarantee that all information is correct and we cannot guarantee
that the website will always be available (since this is hosted
via a third party). At no time shall we be liable to you for any losses or
liability associated with this website or its non-availability.
Privacy Policy Here at CrystalMaker Software Ltd, we take your privacy seriously
and this privacy policy explains how we use any personal information
we collect about you when you use this website. What information do we collect about you? We collect information about you when you place an order for
products or services. We also collect information when you fill out
a web enquiry form or voluntarily complete customer surveys,
register your product, provide feedback and participate in
competitions. How will we use the information about you? We collect information about you to process your order, maintain
licensing records and provide effective support. You may optionally subscribe to
our newsletter, to learn about software updates, exhibitions,
workshops - and gain useful tips to help you get better use out of
your product or service. You can unsubscribe at any time by using
the same link. We never share your details with third parties, except where
required to do so as part of the ordering process (via an
encrypted pathway with a credit card provider), or the law. Access to your information and correction We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate
and up to date. Please contact us
with any changes of name, address. You have the right to request a copy of the information that we
hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of the
information that we hold about you, please contact
us. We may make a small charge for
excessive/repeat requests for this service. You may ask us to correct or remove information that you think is
inaccurate. Cookies Cookies are files placed on your computer to collect help
track use of the website - e.g., to keep track of your basket of
items when you place an online order. You can configure your
browser to not accept cookies, but this may prevent you from
using this website effectively. Other websites Our website links to other websites. This privacy policy only
applies to this website so when you link to other websites you
should read their own privacy policies.
We keep our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy under regular review
and we will place any updates on this page. This page was last
updated on 16 April 2018.
Please contact us if you have
any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about
you.
Copyright © 2019 CrystalMaker Software Ltd. All rights reserved.