http://www.impactanalytical.com/privacy.aspx
Call
Contact
Privacy
Privacy PolicyImpact Analytical respects the privacy of and is committed to protecting the personal information it obtains from its website's readers. Generally, the reader can browse through the Impact Analytical website without providing any information. However, sometimes personal information is required to provide requested services or the reader may choose to provide Impact Analytical with personal information for better service.
Information Collection, Use, and SharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Impact Analytical will not intentionally transfer personal information to third parties without the reader's consent. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
The Impact Analytical website and My Impact service uses cookie technology for the sole purpose of session identification only. The cookie resides on the user's computer, and stores no personal information. Impact Analytical safeguards the security of the data sent to us with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. The Impact Analytical website and the My Impact service strive to protect the personal information of its users by employing SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology, which encrypts information as it travels between a user's computer and Impact Analytical servers. Impact Analytical's website contains links to other sites. Impact Analytical does not share its readers' personal information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices.
Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website.
SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
SurveysFrom time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or other emails. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Have a Question?
Give Us a Call:
855-427-6583 - or - Click to Contact Us
Impact
About
Careers
IA Weekly Blog
Knowledge Base
My Impact
Our Experts
Privacy
Services
Site Map
Terms of Use
List of Services
Actives Quantitation
Additive Analysis
Adhesive Testing
Aerosol Testing
Agricultural Testing
BioAnalytical Services
BPA Testing
Chemical Analysis
Clinical Release Testing
Coating Analysis
Competitive Analysis/Deformulation
Consulting Services
Consumer Product Safety
Controlled Substances Handling
EI-MS
Epoxy Characterization
Extractables & Leachables
GLP & cGMP Testing
Hand Sanitizer Analysis
Hemp Testing
Impurity Analysis
Impurity Detected in Major Pharmaceuticals
Material Characterization
Method Development & Validation
Molecular Weight Determination
Odor Analysis
Phthalate Testing
Polymer Characterization
Problem Solving
Purity Testing
Quality Control Testing
R&D Support
Raw Material Characterization
REACH Testing
Regulatory Testing
Residual Solvent Testing
Rheology
RoHS
Silicon Testing
Specific Heat Determination
Stability Testing
Surfactant Analysis
Third Party Testing
Unknown Component
USP <661>
Viscosity Testing
Volatile Organic Compounds
List of Techniques
DSC Analysis
Elemental Impurities, USP <232>, <233>
Enclosed Space Ignition Testing
Flame Extension & Flashback
Flash Point Analysis
FT-IR Analysis
GC-MS Analysis
Headspace GC-MS Analysis
HPLC Testing & UPLC Testing
ICP-MS and ICP-OES Testing
Ion Chromatography
Karl Fischer
LC-MS Analysis
Mass Spectrometry Analysis
NMR Analysis
Optical Microscopy
SEC/GPC Analysis
Specific Gravity Determination
TGA Analysis
Titration, Karl Fischer
UV-VIS Analysis
Search by Technique Group
Gas Chromatography
Inorganics
Liquid Chromatography
Molecular Characterization
Thermal/Physical Properties
Flammability
All Experts
Administration
Lab Experts
Marketing & Sales
President
Quality
Technical
Our Laboratories
Elemental Analysis
Gas Chromatography
Liquid Separation
Molecular Characterization
Thermal / Mechanical Properties
Wet Chemistry
ISO 9001:2015 Certified • FDA Compliant • DEA Registered
CAGE Code 7KTA7, DUNS 080160931
Copyright © Impact Analytical.
All Rights Reserved.