https://www.nlpcoaching.com/privacy-policy/
NLP
About NLP
Introduction to NLP
NLP Simplified
NLP Coaching vs Life Coaching
Study: The Effectiveness of NLP…
Study: Relative Effectiveness Of Techniques…
NLP Strategies Part 1
NLP Strategies Part 2
Glossary of Terms
NLP Coaching Events
FasTrak™ NLP Practitioner Certification Training
NLP Master Practitioner Certification Training
NLP Trainer’s Training and Certification Course
The Secret of Creating Your Future®
Time Line Therapy®
What is Time Line Therapy®?
How Time Line Therapy® works
Hypnosis
What is Hypnosis?
Hypnosis Training
3 Day Modern Hypnosis Training
Hypnosis Trainers Training
About
About The Tad James Company
Media Fact Sheet
Business Opportunities
Our Trainers
Moving America Forward
Enroll
Time Line Therapy® & The Secret of Creating Your Future® are Registered Trademarks of Dr. Tad James
Contact Us Shop
NLP
About NLP
Introduction to NLP
NLP Simplified
NLP Coaching vs Life Coaching
Study: The Effectiveness of NLP…
Study: Relative Effectiveness Of Techniques…
NLP Strategies Part 1
NLP Strategies Part 2
Glossary of Terms
NLP Coaching Events
FasTrak™ NLP Practitioner Certification Training
NLP Master Practitioner Certification Training
NLP Trainer’s Training and Certification Course
The Secret of Creating Your Future®
Time Line Therapy®
What is Time Line Therapy®?
How Time Line Therapy® works
Hypnosis
What is Hypnosis?
Hypnosis Training
3 Day Modern Hypnosis Training
Hypnosis Trainers Training
About
About The Tad James Company
Media Fact Sheet
Business Opportunities
Our Trainers
Moving America Forward
Enroll
Training Schedule
Membership
Login
Search
Menu
Search
Editors
Adriana James
Bogdan
Brad
Brad Greentree
Chandell Labbozzetta
Charles W
Conor Healy
Danielle Power
James
laura Petrie
Luke Martinez
Mark Halwani
NLP Articles
Tad James
Tad James Co.
Tad James Company
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for the Tad James Company LLC and the
Tad James Company, Australia
As of May 21st, 2018
Preamble
The Tad James Company understands that you may have concerns about safeguarding your privacy on-line. The Privacy Statement that follows explains our views and practices concerning privacy, and how they may pertain to you as you make full use of our many offerings. This statement discloses the privacy practices for all of our websites including the website you are currently visiting where you are reading this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers all the websites under the Tad James Co banner.
Article 1. Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Account”
means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Site, or personal data held by us for the purposes of delivering training.
“Cookie”
means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in section 12, below;]
“Our Sites”
means this website, the NLPCoaching.com website, the NLPCoaching.com.au website, the AdrianaJames.com website, the ABHABNLP website and any other Tad James Company owned properties.
“We/Us/Our”
Means both The Tad James Co. LLC in the USA and The Tad James Company in Australia.
Article 2. Collection of Personal Information from Site Visitors
Our sites automatically collect and/or tracks (1) the home server domain names, IP address, e-mail addresses, type of client computer, and type of Web browser of visitors to our Web site, (2) the e-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with us via e-mail, (3) information such as personal, financial or demographic information, knowingly provided by the visitor in on-line forms, registration forms, surveys, and sweepstakes entries, and (4) information, either in the aggregate or user specific, on what pages visitors access.
The Tad James Company places Internet cookies on visitors’ hard drives. We use cookies to deliver information and content specific to your interests, and to save your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. Internet cookies save the visitor’s name, password, user-name, screen preferences, the pages of our Web site viewed by the visitor, and the advertisements viewed or clicked by the visitor. When the visitor revisits our Web site, the Tad James Company will recognize the visitor by the Internet cookie and customize the visitor’s experience accordingly. Internet cookies are stored on the visitor’s hard drive and are not stored, in any form, by the Tad James Company.
Visitors may decline the Internet cookie by using the appropriate feature of their Web browser software, if available.
Depending on your use of our site, we may collect some or all of the following data.
Name
Date of Birth
Gender
Business/Company Name
Job Title
Profession
Contact Information such as addresses, email address or phone numbers
Demographic Information such as Post Code, preferences and interests
Financial Information such as credit / debit card numbers.
Article 3. Use of Personal Data Collected
Personal data collected by the Tad James Company will be used for editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of users’ behaviour, for future product development, for content improvement, to inform advertisers as to how many visitors have seen or clicked their advertisements, and to customize content and layout of the Tad James Company site. Data collected is stored securely in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (GDPR).
Names, postal and e-mail addresses, and phone numbers collected may be added to our databases and used for future e-mails, calls and mailings regarding site updates, new products and services, upcoming events, and status of orders placed online.
Financial information collected may be used to check the user’s qualifications for registration, to bill the user for products and services, to notify the user of relevant taxing and regulatory authorities regarding payments or prizes.
Demographic and profile data collected is used to tailor the visitor’s experience at our site, enabling us to present content we think they might be interested in. The Tad James Company uses customer contact information to send the user information about the company and promotional material from some of our partners. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact him or her in the event to notify the relevant taxing and regulatory authorities regarding payments or prizes.
We also use your data to provide the best possible services to you, including
Providing and managing any accounts you have with us
Providing and managing your access to our site
Personalising and tailoring your experience with us
Supplying our services to you
Personalising and tailoring our services for you
Responding to communications from you
Supplying you with email newsletters that you have subscribed to.
Market Research
Analysing your use of Our Site and gathering feedback to continually improve our site and your experience
Article 4. Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties
We may share your data with other websites and/or companies in Our group, this includes AdrianaJames.com, NLP Coaching Australia, NLP Coaching USA and International and shop.nlpcoaching.com.
We may contract with third parties to supply products and services to you on Our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery of goods, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing.
Article 5: Our Use of Cookies
Certain features of Our Sites depend on Cookies to function. You may still block these Cookies by changing your internet browser’s settings, but please be aware that Our Sites may not work as intended if you do so. We have taken great care to ensure that your privacy is not at risk by allowing them.
Article 6: Data Retention
All data will be held in compliance with the following;
processed lawfully, fairly, and in a transparent manner in relation to the data subject
collected for specified, explicit, and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes; further processing for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes shall not be considered to be incompatible with the initial purposes;
adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which it is processed;
accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; every reasonable step must be taken to ensure that personal data that is inaccurate, having regard to the purposes for which they are processed, is erased or rectified without delay;
kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data is processed; personal data may be stored for longer periods insofar as the personal data will be processed solely for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes subject to implementation of the appropriate technical and organisational measures required by the Regulation in order to safeguard the rights and freedoms of the data subject;
processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organisational measures.
We will maintain data security by protecting the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the personal data, defined as follows:
Confidentiality means that only people who are authorised to use the data can access it.
Integrity means that personal data should be accurate and suitable for the purpose for which it is processed.
Availability means that authorised users should be able to access the data if they need it for authorised purposes.
Article 7. Our Company’s Right to Contact User
The Tad James Company reserves the right to contact site visitors regarding account status and changes to subscriber agreements, privacy policy, or any other policies or agreements relevant to site visitors.
Article 8. Summary of Your Rights under GDPR
Under the GDPR, you have:
the right to request access to, deletion of or correction of, your personal data held by Us;
the right to complain to a supervisory authority;
be informed of what data processing is taking place;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to data portability;
object to processing of your personal data;
rights with respect to automated decision-making and profiling (see section 14 below).
To enforce any of the foregoing rights or if you have any other questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us using the details set out in section 11 below.
Article 9. Automated Decision-Making and Profiling
9.3 In the event that We use personal data for the purposes of automated decision- making and those decisions have a legal (or similarly significant effect) on You, You have the right to challenge to such decisions under GDPR, requesting human intervention, expressing their own point of view, and obtaining an explanation of the decision from Us.
9.2 The right described in section 14.1 does not apply in the following circumstances:
The decision is necessary for the entry into, or performance of, a contract between the You and Us;
The decision is authorised by law; or
You have given you explicit consent.
Where We use your personal data for profiling purposes, the following shall apply:
Clear information explaining the profiling will be provided, including its significance and the likely consequences;
Appropriate mathematical or statistical procedures will be used;
Technical and organisational measures necessary to minimise the risk of errors and to enable such errors to be easily corrected shall be implemented; and
All personal data processed for profiling purposes shall be secured in order to prevent discriminatory effects arising out of profiling.
Article 10. Our Company’s Right to Change Privacy Policy
The Tad James Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying visitors of the existence and location of the new or revised privacy policy.
Article 11. Contacting the Tad James Company
To contact the Tad James Company to exercise your rights, update your details or for more information, please contact the relevant office by Email or Phone.
USA: The Tad James Co. LLC
US Office: +1-888-440-4823
US Office from Outside the US: +1-702 440-4823
Fax: +1-702 474-4823
Email: mailboxUSA@nlpcoaching.com
1450 West Horizon Ridge Parkway B304-#544, Henderson, NV, 89012
Australia: The Tad James Co.
Australia Office From Australia ONLY: 1800-133-433
Australia Office: +61-2 9221 9221
Fax: +61-2 9221 7117
Email: bogdan@nlpcoaching.com Bogdan Bobocea
Email: conor@nlpcoaching.com Conor Healy
Level 4, Suite 401, 19A Boundary St., Rushcutters Bay, NSW 2011
Latest Posts
Protected: Introduction to Huna Ancient
Push Back on Bad Luck
The Tad James Co. | What We Do
Adriana James Moving America Forward
Dr. Adriana James NLP – Live from Studio 6B in New York
Contact Us
United States / International
US Office: +1-888-440-4823
From outside the US: +1-702 440-4823
Email: MailboxUSA@NLPCoaching.com
Australia / International
Toll free: 1800–133–433
Office: +61 2 9221 9221
Email: BB@NLPCoaching.com
© Copyright The Tad James Company 2019 | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Site by Idea Engine