https://www.thoughtco.com/biology-homework-help-373312
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
Students in Biology Class.
Corbis/VCG/Getty Images
Science
Biology
Basics
Cell Biology
Genetics
Organisms
Anatomy
Physiology
Botany
Ecology
Chemistry
Physics
Geology
Astronomy
Weather & Climate
By
Regina Bailey
Biology Expert
B.A., Biology, Emory University
A.S., Nursing, Chattahoochee Technical College
Regina Bailey is a board-certified registered nurse, science writer and educator. Her work has been featured in "Kaplan AP Biology" and "The Internet for Cellular and Molecular Biologists."
our editorial process
Regina Bailey
Updated July 03, 2019
Biology, the study of life, can be fascinating and wondrous. However, certain biology topics can sometimes seem incomprehensible. The best way to get a clear understanding of difficult biology concepts is to study them at home, as well as at school. Students should use quality biology homework help resources when studying. Below are some good resources and information to help you answer some of your biology homework questions.
Key Takeaways
Biology homework and assignments can be difficult to understand. Always make sure to avail yourself of all available resources so that you can succeed.Your instructor, fellow students, and tutors can be invaluable to help make sure that you get clarification on concepts that you don't understand.Understanding key biological concepts like cell processes, DNA, and genetics are helpful in understanding some of the foundations of biology.Use sample biology quizzes and online resources to test your grasp of biology concepts.
Biology Homework Help Resources
Anatomy of the HeartLearn about this amazing organ that supplies blood to the entire body.
Animal TissuesInformation on the structure and function of animal tissue types.
Bio-Word DissectionsLearn how to "dissect" difficult biology words so that they are easy to understand.
Brain BasicsThe brain is one of the largest and most important organs of the human body. Weighing in at about three pounds, this organ has a wide range of responsibilities.
Characteristics of LifeWhat are the basic characteristics of life?
How To Study for Biology Exams
Biology exams can seem intimidating and overwhelming. The key to overcoming these obstacles is preparation. Learn how to do well on your biology test.
Organ SystemsThe human body is made up of several organ systems that work together as one unit. Learn about these systems and how they work together.
The Magic of PhotosynthesisPhotosynthesis is a process in which light energy is used to produce sugar and other organic compounds.
Cells
Eukaryotic and Prokaryotic CellsTake a journey into the cell to find out about the cell structure and classification of both prokaryotic cells and eukaryotic cells.
Cellular RespirationCellular respiration is the process by which cells harvest the energy stored in food.
Differences Between Plant and Animal CellsPlant and animal cells are similar in that both are eukaryotic cells. However, there are several important differences between these two cell types.
Prokaryotic CellsProkaryotes are single-celled organisms that are the earliest and most primitive forms of life on earth. Prokaryotes include bacteria and archaeans.
10 Different Types of Cells in the Human Body
The body contains trillions of cells that come in varying shapes and sizes. Explore some of the different types of cells in the body.
7 Differences Between Mitosis and MeiosisCells divide either through the process of mitosis or meiosis. Sex cells are produced through meiosis, while all other body cell types are produced through mitosis.
DNA Processes
Steps of DNA ReplicationDNA replication is the process of copying the DNA within our cells. This process involves RNA and several enzymes, including DNA polymerase and primase.
How Does DNA Transcription Work?DNA transcription is a process that involves the transcribing of genetic information from DNA to RNA. Genes are transcribed in order to produce proteins.
Translation and Protein SynthesisProtein synthesis is accomplished through a process called translation. In translation, RNA and ribosomes work together to produce proteins.
Genetics
Genetics GuideGenetics is the study of inheritance or heredity. This guide helps you to understand basic genetics principles.
Why We Look Like Our ParentsHave you ever wondered why you have the same eye color as your parent? Traits are inherited by the transmission of genes from parents to their young.
What Is Polygenic Inheritance?Polygenic inheritance is the inheritance of traits such as skin color, eye color and hair color, that are determined by more than one gene.
How Gene Mutation OccursA gene mutation is any change that occurs in the DNA. These changes can be beneficial to, have some effect on, or be seriously detrimental to an organism.
What Traits Are Determined by Your Sex Chromosomes?Sex-linked traits originate from genes found on sex chromosomes. Hemophilia is an example of a common sex-linked disorder that is an X-linked recessive trait.
Quizzes
Cellular Respiration QuizCellular respiration allows cells to harvest the energy in the foods we eat. Test your knowledge of cellular respiration by taking this quiz!
Genetics and Heredity QuizDo you know the difference between codominance and incomplete dominance? Test your knowledge of genetics by taking the Genetics and Heredity Quiz!
How Much Do You Know About Mitosis?In mitosis, the nucleus from a cell is divided equally between two cells. Test your knowledge of mitosis and cell division by taking the Mitosis Quiz!
Getting Additional Help
The above information provides a basic foundation for various biology topics. If you find that you still have problems understanding the material, don't be afraid to request assistance from an instructor or tutor. They can help clarify concepts so that you can gain a deeper understanding of biological concepts.
Genetics Basics
10 Great Biology Activities and Lessons
Genes and Genetic Inheritance
Biology Games and Quizzes
An Introduction to DNA Transcription
Cell Theory: A Core Principle of Biology
Understanding the Genetic Code
Chromosome Structure and Function
Cell Biology Glossary
How Chromosome Mutations Occur
10 Facts About Cells
How To Make a DNA Model Using Candy
Understanding the Double-Helix Structure of DNA
Differences Between Plant and Animal Cells
DNA Definition: Shape, Replication, and Mutation
Binary Fission vs. Mitosis