http://www.titertek-berthold.com/rechtliches/privacy-policy.html
Direct Line
Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyResponsible body in terms of data protection act is:Berthold Detection Systems GmbH
Elsässerstr. 11 75173 Pforzheim GERMANY Phone: (+49) 7231 9206 0 Fax: (+49) 7231 9206 50 E-mail: contact@titertek-berthold.com Internet: www.titertek-berthold.com Legal basis for processingThe legal framework for data protection is comprised of the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG), and the Telemedia Act (TMG). From 25th May, 2018, the new BDSG, the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and the Telemedia Act (TMG) form the basis for the legal framework.We gather, process and use your personal data only ifwe have obtained your consent for a specific processing purpose (Art. 6 I a GDPR),the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract (Art. 6 I b DSGVO),the processing is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures, e.g. in the context of inquiries concerning our products or services (Art. 6 I b DSGVO),the processing is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation (e.g. fulfilment of tax obligations) (Art. 6 I c DSGVO),the processing of personal data is necessary to protect the vital interests of the person concerned or any other natural person. (Art. 6 I d DSGVO), orprocessing is necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of our company or a third party, provided the interests, fundamental rights and fundamental freedoms of the person concerned do not prevail. (Art. 6 I f DSGVO). Collecting general informationWhen you access our website, information of a general nature is automatically recorded. This information (server log files) includes, for example, the type of web browser, the operating system used, the domain name of your Internet service provider and suchlike. This is only information that does not allow conclusions about your person. This information is technically necessary to correctly deliver the contents of web pages requested by you and is mandatory when using the internet. Anonymous information of this kind is statistically evaluated by us to optimize our internet presence and the underlying technology. Handling of personal dataWe process your personal data (e.g. first name, name, telephone number, e-mail address ...) only if this is permitted by law, or we have received your consent for this. Registration on our websiteWhen registering for the use of our personalized services, some personal information will be collected, such as name, address, contact and communication information such as telephone number and e-mail address. Before completing the registration, you will receive an e-mail from us to verify your e-mail address.If you are registered, we will, if necessary, inform you of circumstances that are relevant for the registration by e-mail (e.g. technical changes, forgotten password, etc.).Optionally, we offer you to give your consent to receive advertising through the channels indicated. For the documentation of your consent, we use the so-called "double-opt-in" procedure. This is described in the Newsletter section. Your given data will be stored for the purpose of advertising if your consent has been provided.If you are registered with us, you can access contents and services that we only offer to registered users (e.g. download of operating instructions, software, etc.). Registered users also have the option of changing or deleting the data specified during registration at any time. Of course, we also provide you with information about the personal data we store about you at any time. We are happy to rectify or delete these at your request, as far as no statutory storage requirements preclude. To contact us in this context, please use the contact details given at the end of this Privacy Policy.To protect the security of your data during transmission, we use state-of-the-art encryption techniques (such as SSL) over HTTPS. NewsletterWhen you sign up to receive our newsletter, the data you provide will be used exclusively for this purpose. We will inform you about the contents of the newsletter when you register. Subscribers may also be notified by email about circumstances relevant to the service or registration (such as changes to the newsletter offer or technical conditions).For an effective registration we need a valid e-mail address. In order to check whether an application actually takes place through the owner of an e-mail address, we use the "double-opt-in" procedure. For this purpose we record the order of the newsletter, the dispatch of a confirmation mail and the receipt of the requested answer. Further data is not collected. The data will be used exclusively for newsletter distribution and will not be passed on to third parties.The consent to the storage of your personal data and their use for the newsletter can be revoked at any time. Each newsletter has a corresponding link. You can also unsubscribe from this website at any time or provide us with your request via the contact details provided at the end of this document.Our newsletters contain so-called tracking pixels. A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic embedded in the e-mail. The embedded tracking pixel lets us know if and when an e-mail was opened by you and which links in the e-mail were accessed. With the help of the tracking pixels, we can perform a statistical evaluation of the success or failure of our online marketing campaigns.The collected data will be stored and evaluated by us in order to optimize the newsletter distribution and to better adapt the content of future newsletters to your interests. The data will not be shared with third parties. Contact formIf you contact us by e-mail or contact form, the information you provide will be stored for the purpose of processing the request and for possible follow-up questions.Optionally, we also offer you the opportunity to give your consent to receive advertising (tips & tricks, products, campaigns and company news) through the specified channels. For the documentation of your consent, we use the so-called "double-opt-in" procedure. This is described in the Newsletter section. Your given data will be stored for the purpose of advertising if given consent. Deletion or blocking of dataWe adhere to the principles of data avoidance and data economy. Therefore, we only store your personal data for as long as is necessary to achieve the purposes mentioned here or as provided by the various storage periods provided for by law. After discontinuation of the respective purpose or expiration of these deadlines, the corresponding data are routinely blocked and deleted in accordance with the statutory provisions. Integration of services and contents of third partiesWe use third party services to provide you with content. When accessing a third-party content web page, your browser will connect to the third-party and your IP address will be shared. We endeavour to use only third-party providers who use the IP address exclusively for the delivery of the requested content. However, we cannot rule out further use of the data. Where applicable, the transmission of data occurs to countries outside the European Union in which there is no adequate level of data protection. Using Google MapsThis website uses Google Maps API to visually display geographic information. When using Google Maps, Google also collects, processes and uses data about the use of map features by visitors. For more information about Google's data processing, please refer to the Google Data Privacy Statement . There you can also change your personal privacy settings in the privacy centre.For detailed instructions on how to manage your own data related to Google products, click here. Embedded YouTube videosOn some of our websites we embed Youtube videos. The corresponding plug-ins are operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. When you visit a page with the YouTube plug-in, it will connect to Youtube's servers. Youtube will be informed which pages you visit. If you are logged into your Youtube account, Youtube can assign your surfing behaviour to you personally. This can be prevented by logging out of your Youtube account beforehand.If a Youtube video is started, the provider uses cookies that collect information about user behaviour.Anyone who has disabled the storage of cookies for the Google Ad program will not have to expect such cookies when watching YouTube videos. Youtube also stores non-personal usage information in other cookies. If you want to prevent this, you must block the storage of cookies in the browser.For more information on data protection at "Youtube", see the privacy policy of the provider at: https://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/privacy/ Use of Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, due to the activation of IP anonymization on these websites, your IP address will be shortened by Google beforehand within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. The IP address provided by Google Analytics as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, we point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website in full. In addition, you may prevent the collection by Google of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install:Link: Browser Add On for deactivation of Google AnalyticsIn addition to or as an alternative to the browser add-on, you can prevent tracking by Google Analytics on our pages by clicking this link to deactivate Google Analytics. An opt-out cookie will be installed on your device. This will prevent the collection of data by Google Analytics for this website and for this browser in the future, as long as the cookie remains installed in your browser.A contract for job processing has been completed with Google. CookiesLike many other websites, we also use so-called "Cookies". Cookies are small text files that are transferred from a website server to your hard drive. This automatically gives us certain data, such as IP address, browser used, operating system from your computer and your connection to the Internet.Cookies cannot be used to launch programs or to transfer viruses to a computer. Based on the information contained in cookies, we can facilitate navigation and enable the correct display of our websites.In no case will the data collected by us be passed on to third parties or will a link with personal data be established without your consent.Of course you can also view our website without cookies. Internet browsers are regularly set to accept cookies. You can deactivate the use of cookies at any time via the settings of your browser. Please use the help features of your internet browser to find out how to change these settings. Please note that some features of our website may not work if you have disabled the use of cookies. Google AdWordsOur website uses Google Conversion Tracking. If you've reached our website through an ad served by Google, Google AdWords will set a cookie on your device. The conversion tracking cookie is set when a user clicks on a Google-served ad. These cookies lose their validity after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. If the user visits certain pages on our website and the cookie has not expired, we and Google may recognize that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to this page. Each Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. Cookies cannot be tracked through AdWords advertisers' websites. The information gathered using the conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords advertisers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers are told the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a conversion tracking tag page. However, they do not receive information that personally identifies users.If you do not want to participate in the tracking process, you can refuse the required setting of a cookie - for example via a browser setting that generally deactivates the automatic setting of cookies or sets your browser to block cookies from the domain "googleleadservices.com".Please note that you cannot delete the opt-out cookies as long as you do not want to record measurement data. If you have deleted all your cookies in the browser, you must set the respective opt-out cookie again. Data protection in applications and in the application processWe process personal data of applicants (also electronically) for the purpose of handling the application process. The electronic processing of your application data is especially the case if we receive your application documents electronically, for example by e-mail. We will automatically delete your application documents two months after notification of the rejection decision, provided that no other legitimate interests preclude the cancellation, or we have received your consent to the further storage of the data. Other legitimate interest in this sense, for example, a burden of proof in a procedure under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG). Your rights to information, correction, blocking, cancellation and oppositionYou have the right to receive information about your personal data stored by us at any time. Likewise, you have the right to correction, blocking or, apart from the mandatory data storage for business transactions, deletion of your personal data. Please contact our data protection officer. The contact details can be found at the bottom.For a data lock to be taken into account at all times, these data must be stored in a lock file for control purposes. You can also request the deletion of the data, as long as there is no legal archiving obligation. As far as such an obligation exists, we lock your data on request.You can make changes or revoke your consent by notifying us with effect for the future. Change of our privacy policyWe reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure that it complies with current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the Privacy Policy, such as: For example, when introducing new services. Your new visit will be subject to the new privacy policy. Questions to the data protection officerIf you have any questions about data protection, please write us an e-mail or contact our data protection officer directly:Contact details:Dr. Anselm Berthold Berthold Detection Systems GmbH
Elsässerstr. 11 75173 Pforzheim GERMANY E-mail: contact@titertek-berthold.com Internet: https://www.titertek-berthold.com  Most of the privacy policy has been created with the  Privacy Policy Generator activeMind AG
Microvolume SpectrometersLuminometersMicroplate WasherWorkstationsValidation ToolsTITERTEK-BERTHOLDCompare LuminometersApplication NotesQuotation RequestWhere to buyEventsSupportSoftware RegistrationNewsletter RegistrationContactSearch