https://www.gses.com/gse-privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Electronic Data Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all personal data that GSE Systems, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “GSE”) may collect, process, and retain electronically in connection with any GSE business operations globally.  GSE is committed to protecting the privacy of personal information entrusted to GSE via electronic communication channels such as email and web pages.  Because GSE engages third parties to assist GSE in managing its electronic communications including its email system, web sites, customer relationship management system, data storage systems, and the like, for purposes of this policy, GSE’s privacy commitment includes ensuring that any third parties we engage to collect, process, or retain electronic information on our behalf are bound either by this policy or by privacy policies consistent with this policy.
What electronic information do we automatically collect?
When you visit a GSE web site, it may collect, process, and store information electronically about your visit.  For example, a GSE web site may track which pages you view, the site or sites that you visited before coming to ours, keywords you may have used in your search, your company name, the name and location of your Internet service provider, your internet protocol (IP) address, your web browser and operating system, the volume of data you request or view, and other communication information.  We also keep track of the pages you may visit on GSE’s website, the amount of time spent on those pages, and the types of searches done on them.  Our web sites use tracking cookies, web beacons, and similar devices to help us understand better your interests and preferences.  We use the information collected in this manner to develop ideas for improving our products and services and for better marketing and selling our products and services via our web site or in other ways.  Specifically, GSE may use your personal information, including the information gathered as a result of site navigation and electronic protocols and cookies (including third-party cookies), to help create and personalize website content, improve website quality, track marketing campaign responsiveness, evaluate page response rates, conduct usability testing, enable social media “share” functionality, and otherwise facilitate your use of our websites.  In promotional email messages, we may also include web beacons and other similar technology in order to determine whether the messages have been opened.
Some GSE web sites or web pages may link to other sites created and maintained by third party companies or organizations.  GSE provides these links for your information and convenience; when you link to an outside website via such a link, you are leaving the GSE domain, and GSE’s information management policies no longer apply.  GSE encourages you to read the privacy statement of each external website that you visit before you provide any personal data to any external site.
What information might we ask you to provide to us?
There are also forms on GSE’s web site that may ask for personal information about you.  If you elect to provide your personal information to GSE through a web form, or through another means of communicating electronically with us, we will use your personal information to contact you in response to your request or to provide you with information that we think you may be interested in receiving.  In addition to the routine tracking information that our web site may collect when you visit, GSE may electronically collect, process, and store the following kinds of personal data if you elect to provide it to us through a web form, an email communication, or otherwise:
your name and contact details, including physical and email addresses, telephone numbers, and other contact information
social media profile and identifying information
information about your registration and participation in GSE events and activities
subscription preferences
information about the computer and other device(s) you use, including your communication services
other information that you choose to upload or provide to us
How does GSE store personal information?
Depending on the manner in which you submit your personal data to GSE, we may store that data in one or more of the following types of locations:  (1) in our customer relationship management database, (2) in a database or other file on our web server, (3) on our email communication server, (4) in a database or other file on our company network, or (5) in any of those types of storage locations managed by a third party service provider.  Personal data may be passed on to a third party data processor for processing, analysis, storage, or similar purposes.  All data collected is stored in secure applications with access limited to meeting the operational needs of GSE’s business.  No personal data is shared with third parties other than services providers acting as GSE contracted agents.
How might GSE use your information?
GSE may collect, process, store, and in general use your personal information from time to time for the following purposes:
to respond to an inquiry you have submitted
to provide information, products, and services you have ordered or requested, including registrations for newsletters, webinars, or subscriptions
to engage in general communication with you about products and services that might be of interest to you, including sending you notices of new product releases and service developments
to communicate support suggestions or solutions that may be relevant to you
to personalize and improve your experience in using GSE’s web sites
to verify that products, services, or information you have ordered or downloaded from GSE was properly received
to confirm that software or content is used in compliance with licensing and other terms of use
to assess usage of GSE products, services, and content, and develop relevant usage statistics
to request that you provide GSE input or feedback (for example, through surveys, usability studies, or focus groups) in order to help us deliver products, services, and content of interest to our customers
to manage GSE’s relationship with you as a current, former, or potential customer or user of GSE products or services
to gather management information as needed to perform statistical and trend analysis or other analyses, investigations, or inquiries related to GSE’s business
to meet GSE’s legal, regulatory, and compliance requirements
to investigate any complaints about our sites and communications mechanisms
to monitor and analyze the use of an account if necessary to prevent, investigate, or report fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents, or crime
to administer our web sites, email systems, and other electronic communication mechanisms
to employ the services of third party service providers to help us in areas such as web site hosting and maintenance
When warranted, GSE may share your personal information with affiliated companies in order to accomplish some or all of the purposes listed above.  For example, GSE may pass your contact information to a GSE agent or reseller for follow-up related to your interests or to provide information you have requested, or may need to share certain payment or customer information with delivery services, credit card clearing houses, banks, and other third parties to complete a commercial transaction.  If GSE uses third parties for any of these purposes, we will control and be responsible for the use and privacy of your information.  GSE will not sell your personal information.
In the event of bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be transferred as part of that transaction.  The promises in this Privacy Policy will apply to your information if it is transferred to a new entity.
How does GSE view your electronic submission of personal information?
When you visit a GSE’s web site, complete a form on a web page, communicate with GSE by email, or otherwise voluntarily provide personal information to GSE, we will assume that you have thereby made a free, specific, unambiguous, and fully-informed decision to grant your consent to GSE’s use of your personal information in the manner described in this policy.  GSE will interpret your consent as authorizing the collection, processing, storage, and use of your personal information in any or all of the ways described in this policy.  GSE will continue to view your personal information as having been voluntarily provided to GSE for any or all of these uses unless and until you affirmatively withdraw your consent.
As a global organization, GSE engages in business internationally.  In connection with the management of those business activities, GSE may transfer information to other countries.  By submitting your personal information to GSE via a website, a web-based form, email communication, or any other interaction with GSE including offline communication, you consent to such transfers and to the processing of this information in other countries outside of your home country to the extent necessary under the circumstances for the particular usages to which you are consenting.
How can you control your information or withdraw your consent to GSE’s use?
GDPR Rights:  under the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation EU 2016/679) (also known as “GDPR”), you may have certain rights as a data subject.  If you are an individual protected by the GDPR, and if you wish to request information about or avail yourself of those rights, please send an email to privacy@gses.com with “GDPR Request” in the subject line.  In the email please describe, with specificity, the GDPR right you are requesting assistance with.  Please note that additional information may be requested prior to initiation of a request and that GSE reserves the right to charge a fee with respect to certain requests.  Upon GSE’s completion of its review, you will be notified whether your request has been granted, denied, or if exemptions apply.
Modification of Permitted Usage:  if you wish to modify or adjust GSE’s use of your electronic personal information, you can send an email to privacy@gses.com clearly describing the modification you wish GSE to make in its use of your personal data.  GSE will accommodate such requests to the extent and in the manner commercially practicable under the circumstances and in light of applicable laws and regulations.
Changing Subscriptions:  if you inform us that you do not want to receive marketing information that you have not specifically requested, we will honor your request.  GSE provides a mechanism within our marketing emails, which will enable you to “unsubscribe” or to update your subscription preferences.  GSE provides an unsubscribe method in all of our marketing emails. You may also update your subscription preferences email info@gses.com.
Please be aware that in some cases we are legally or contractually required to keep some data for more extended periods of time consistent with the lawful processing provisions of the GDPR, or other applicable law.
How will you know if the Privacy Policy is changed?
GSE may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.  For any material changes, we will include a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective.  We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
How do I contact GSE if there is an issue?
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or about the use of your personal information, please feel free to contact us by email at privacy@gses.com.
Date:  May 22, 2018
Privacy Policy Version 2.0
Contact information:
privacy@gses.com
GSE Systems, Inc.
1332 Londontown Blvd., Ste. 200
Sykesville, MD  21784
USA
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Linkedin
© 2020. All rights reserved.
Privacy PolicyNavigation
Investor Center
GSE Careers
People
Services
Products
Quick Contact UsName * Email * Comment *This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.This contact form is deactivated because you refused to accept Google reCaptcha service which is necessary to validate any messages sent by the form.
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies to improve your browsing experience; the website may not work as expected without them. By continuing to browse this site, you consent to the use of cookies.OKLearn MoreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Accept settingsHide notification only