https://www.conservecedarlakes.org/support-us/clcf-privacy-policy/
X
About UsCLCF History
Board Leadership
CLCF Staff
Newsletters
Photo Gallery
CLCF Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Activities & EventsCLCF’s 2020 Virtual Annual Meeting
Self-Guided Hiking
X-Country & Snowshoe
Protect Your LandLandowner Decision Tree
Conservation Easements
Land Donations
Bargain Sales and Other Sales
PreservesCLCF Preserves and Partner Preserves
Fox Hill Nature Preserve
Lockman Property
Joan M. Pick Nature Preserve
Polk Kames
Rudorf Farm
Thoma Preserve
Support UsBecome A Member
CLCF Nordic Season Pass and Daily Use Pass
Volunteer
News
About Us
CLCF History
Board Leadership
CLCF Staff
Newsletters
Photo Gallery
CLCF Privacy Policy
Contact Us
CLCF Privacy Policy
Cedar Lakes Conservation Foundation
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by the Cedar Lakes Conservation Foundation, Inc. (CLCF).  We recognize that visitors to the site may be concerned about the information they provide to us and how we treat that information.
We want you to feel comfortable using our website.  Our privacy policy explains how information may be collected by our site.  By visiting www.conservecedarlakes.org, you are accepting the practices described in this Website Privacy Policy.
Collection of Data
When you visit our website, you may provide us with personal information (such as your name, email address, telephone numbers and/or credit card or debit card information) that you knowingly choose to disclose.  We ask for personal information so that we can fulfill your request and return your message.  This information is collected on an individual basis for various purposes, including registering to receive email newsletters; registering for volunteer days, tours, and events; donating; submitting a form; or simply asking a question. We do not collect personal information unless you provide it to us. To sign up for alerts and e-newsletters you are in most cases only required to provide us with your full name and email address.
We will take appropriate steps to protect the security of your personal information.  We will also protect your personal information in storage. We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control.  As on many websites, we may automatically receive general information that is contained in standard server log files, such as your IP address and cookie information. This information is retained and used in accordance with existing laws, rules, regulations, and other policies. You can visit our site without telling us who you are or revealing personally identifiable information about yourself.
Mail Sent to Us Containing Personal Information
You may decide to send CLCF personal identifying information, for example, through regular mail or through email, for donations, information requests, and/or event or volunteer registration.  We will use this information to determine how to respond to you and may add your information to our database.
Opting Out
If you wish to modify or remove your personal information from our records, please click here at – opt out – to email us with your preferences.   You may opt-out of mailings (both postal and email) at any time.
Written requests may be sent to:
Cedar Lakes Conservation Foundation
P.O. Box 347
West Bend, WI 53095
Phone: (262) 353-4866
Links to Third Party Sites
We provide links to third-party websites. Since we do not control these third-party websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on the third-party websites.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may change or supplement this Website Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post an appropriate notice of changes to the Website Privacy Policy on our site. Website Privacy Policy changes will apply to the information collected from the date we post the revised Privacy Policy to the site, as well as to existing information held by us.
Approved by the CLCF Board of Directors on May 20, 2020.