https://www.baas.ac.uk/about-us/data-protection-gdpr-privacy-policy-for-baas-members/
Skip to content
Home Conferences, News & EventsForthcoming BAAS Annual Conferences Digital BAAS – The Digital Conference 2021 Postgraduate Events
PublicationsJournal of American StudiesInstructions for Contributors Editorial Board JAS Content List
American Studies in Britain: The BAAS NewsletterNewsletter Back Issues
U.S Studies OnlineU.S. Studies Online Back Issues
BAAS Paperbacks Members Publications Other Journals American University Presses
Opportunities & AwardsJob Specification : Conference Manager – Digital BAAS Conference 2021 StudentsStudent Exchange ProgrammesStudent Evaluation of Exchange Programmes
School Conferences Where to Study Student Prizes & AwardsGuidelines for Submission
Discover American Studies
Postgraduate and Research FundingFellowships BAAS Awards US Embassy / BAAS Small Grants Programme PhD Opportunities
Available Jobs BAAS Conference Organisation Support
Research ResourcesResources for American Studies BAAS Archives U.S. Studies Online: Back Issues BAAS Pamphlets CD Roms Research Resource Links
About UsBAAS ConstitutionStanding Orders for Sub Committees
BAAS Executive CommitteeBAAS Executive Elections 2020 BAAS Executive Election Nominations Executive Committee Minutes
Equality and Diversity Chairs & Honorary Fellows BAAS for Postgraduates British Group of Early American Historians Data Protection (GDPR) Privacy Policy For BAAS Members
Contact Join
Data Protection (GDPR) Privacy Policy For BAAS MembersYou are here:HomeAbout UsData Protection (GDPR) Privacy Policy…
This privacy notice explains how BAAS uses your personal information and your rights regarding that information.
BAAS takes your rights seriously and treats all the information you give us with care.
BAAS regularly reviews its Privacy Policy and Data Protection Protocols in the light of changing regulations and in response to examples of best practice in similar organizations.
Information you need to know
BAAS is the Data Controller for your information.
The Data Protection Officer for BAAS is Dr. Nicholas Grant, School of Art, Media and American Studies, University of East Anglia, Norwich, NR4 7TJ. Email: maillist@baas.ac.uk.
What information do we collect?
Your name, membership type, address, institutional affiliation, phone number, email address, preferred payment method and subscription amount.
Why are we collecting your data?
To help us to provide you with information about BAAS’s work and related activities in the American Studies community in Britain, and to alert you to the benefits of membership.
How will we use this data?
To contact you about your membership status and renewal; to contact you regarding BAAS’s work and related activities of interest to the American Studies community in Britain; to alert you to the benefits of membership. Information regarding BAAS’s work and related matters of interest is communicated via an e-mail newsletter. You can unsubscribed from the newsletter at anytime simply by clicking the unsubscribe button.
What is the legal basis for processing this data?
Consent of members.
Who do we share your data with?
The data you provide to BAAS will be shared only with our authorised journal publisher-distributor, Cambridge University Press, for the purposes of providing subscribing BAAS members with online and/or hardcopy access to the Journal of American Studies.
The data you provide will not be supplied to any unauthorised third party and will only be used for subsequent communications if indicated by you though explicit consent.
How long will we keep your data?
Your personal data will only be kept for as long as your membership is current – and you can terminate BAAS membership at any time simply by contacting the BAAS membership secretary: l.j.cunningham@keele.ac.uk.
What are your rights and how to enforce them?
Right to withdraw consent
Right of access to data about you that BAAS holds
Right to correct or update any personal data about you that that BAAS holds
Right to erasure of personal data
Right to restrict processing of data
Right to data portability
Right to object
How do you ask further questions about how BAAS is handling your data?
Please contact BAAS’s Data Protection Officer.
How do you complain about how BAAS is handling your data?
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF. Also at: https://ico.org.uk/
Conferences, News & Events
Go to Top
Skip to toolbar
Log InRegisterSearch