https://www.nuaire.com/privacy-policy
About
Back
Employment
History
Testimonials
Quality & Sustainability
IFBA Collaboration
Products
Back
Biological Safety Cabinets
Laminar Airflow Workstations
CO2 Incubators
Centrifuges
Ultralow Freezers
Pharmacy Isolators
Animal Transfer Stations
Fume Hoods
Casework
Accessories
Parts
Containment Ventilated Enclosures
Custom Products
Support
Back
Resources
General Inquiry
Service Technician Resources
Find a Service Technician
Warranty Information
Product Registration
Sales
Back
Resources
General Inquiry
Find a Sales Representative
GSA / Contracts / Group Purchasing Information
Solutions
Back
Resources
General Inquiry
Industry
Use Case
Contact Us
Back
Resources
General Inquiry
Request Quote
Request Service
Request a Part
Home
\
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date April 26, 2018
NuAire is committed to your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information. The following privacy policy outlines our practices concerning your rights to privacy and the options you have in the method your data is collected, stored, used, and disclosed. This policy applies to information NuAire processes regarding our products, services, support, and marketing purposes.
Individual Data
NuAire requires individual personal data to provide you information on our products and services. Examples:
request information via the contact forms on our website: www.nuaire.com and related subdomains;
submitted comments or questions through our website and related subdomains; or
sign up to receive our newsletter; or
register with your product information.
In these instances, we often collect information such as name, job title, physical address, telephone number, and e-mail address. Information used on our website requires your opt-in consent or registration. This information may include:
Device, browser, and type
Location
Cookies
If you do not provide your data, NuAire will not be able to give you the information you requested, cannot react to your comments or questions, and cannot serve you as a customer.
Legal disclosures
NuAire may be required by law to disclose personal information to cooperate with regulators or law enforcement authorities. NuAire may also be required to disclose personal information if NuAire merges with or is acquired by a third party.
Receivers of personal data
NuAire has relationships with third parties to assist us in providing products and services to our customers. These partners are authorized to use your information only as necessary and are contractually required to maintain the confidentiality of the information that NuAire provides. NuAire uses service providers who have signed agreements with NuAire for offering targeted marketing communications to improve the user experience.
Website Analytics
NuAire may use cookies and other website analytics, data collection, and privacy tool technologies on the NuAire site and subdomains. Some cookies may be set by third-party service providers that NuAire uses to assist with providing website analytics and similar services. NuAire may utilize these technologies to personalize and give a more convenient browsing experience to you, including helping in your navigation of the NuAire website and technical solutions; measure advertising and promotional effectiveness; analyze which pages on the NuAire website you visit; provide specific features on the NuAire site such as social media sharing; and deliver content from NuAire third party content providers.
NuAire uses a privacy tool to monitor opt-out choices for European Union (EU) users which are following an opt-out protocol. In that case, the opt-out tool signals to other companies not to use your browsing behavior when providing interest-based advertising, by setting their opt-out cookie in your browser. It is important to know that if you decide to clear your browser’s cookies, this will remove the opt-out cookies set by these companies. You may need to re-access the opt-out tool to reset your preferences.
NuAire works with service providers which may track your activities on the NuAire website to improve NuAire marketing efforts and provide you with advertising based on your visit. If you do not want to have your information collected and used for remarketing purposes, you can opt-out.
How we retain information
Transactional Information: Information that is processed by NuAire is stored for the minimum time necessary to process the data. Information collected for marketing purposes is stored until a customer or prospect opts-out.
Age Restrictions
NuAire does not permit the uses of NuAire products, or websites by anyone younger than 16 years of age. If you are aware of anyone under 16 that has provided NuAire with personal data, please contact us at john.peters@nuaire.com; NuAire will take appropriate steps to delete such information.
Extraterritorial Boundaries and Contractual Terms
All data collected by NuAire for use in Marketing is stored with significant Customer Relations Management (CRM) and Marketing Automation service providers with whom NuAire has a signed contract and maintain redundancy in data centers in the United States and Europe.
Your Individual Rights
If you are a resident of an European Union (EU) member state and have a user identification and password to access our website, or you have opted into our marketing communications, you are a “GDPR Data Subject” and as such have individual rights that NuAire will honor directly.
The following section details your rights and how NuAire and the NuAire Data Protection Officer (NuAire DPO) will address them.
Access
NuAire does not restrict customers from accessing their data submitted through our website. Customers can edit their own information or change their privacy settings at any time either through the NuAire Preference Center or by emailing a request to the NuAire DPO at john.peters@nuaire.com.
Rectification
Customers may request a change to incorrect or incomplete information by contacting NuAire’s DPO at NuAire, Inc., Attn: Data Protection Officer, 2100 Fernbrook Lane, Plymouth, MN United States 55447. We will respond to you within 30 days. We may deny your request; if we do, we will tell you why and explain your options.
Erasure
Requests to delete your data should go through email to the NuAire DPO at john.peters@nuaire.com and collaborated on a case-by-case basis.
Restriction of Processing
Basic changes to mailing list choices and edits to personal information can be made via the NuAire Subscription Center. For more advanced modifications or if you cannot access the NuAire Subscription Center, you will need to request restrictions to the processing of your information by contacting the NuAire DPO at john.peters@nuaire.com with any change requests.
Revoke the permission provided (aka Opt-Out or change)
You may opt out of marketing communications at any time by editing your preferences in the NuAire Subscription Center or by contacting the NuAire DPO at john.peters@nuaire.com.
Data Dispute Resolution Procedure
If you have concerns that the data currently stored may be incorrect, or if you wish to delete it permanently, you may do so via any of the methods listed below. Please allow NuAire up to 4 weeks to ensure all related data has been adjusted or removed as requested.
File a complaint with a Supervisory Authority
If you are under the belief your privacy rights have been violated by NuAire, you may file a complaint with the NuAire DPO or with the Supervisory Authority (SA) from your EU member state. To file a complaint with NuAire, you must submit your claim in writing. You will find the contact details of our DPOs below. There are no penalties for filing a complaint.
Privacy Policy Changes
NuAire may revise this Privacy Policy from periodically to reflect regulatory changes and changes to our business. Notifications of changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted on this page and emailed to our opt-in only customers. If you disagree with our changes, you will retain the right to opt-out or request deactivation of your account by sending an email to the NuAire DPO at john.peters@nuaire.com.
If you have privacy-related questions that are not addressed in the NuAire Privacy Policy, please contact NuAire
Contacting NuAire
General privacy and security contact information:
Global Contact Information:NuAire, Inc.2100 Fernbook LanePlymouth, MN 55447 United States nuaire@nuaire.com
Data Protection Officers’ contact information:John PetersNuAire, Inc.2100 Fernbook LanePlymouth, MN 55447United StatesTel 1-763-551-2211 john.peters@nuaire.com
Sign up for our Newsletter
NuAire
2100 Fernbrook Lane
Plymouth, MN 55447 USA
(763) 553-1270
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Connect With Us
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
LinkedIn
Login
Sales Representative
Service Technician
Promoting Biosafety Worldwide
Learn More
© Copyright 2020.NuAire, All Rights Reserved.Web Design by First Scribe.