https://www.national-aquarium.co.uk/terms/
Terms
Home | Terms
About Us
Our Aquarium
Our Charity
Our Business Members
Our Partners
Visit us
Ticket Prices and Gift Tickets
FAQs COVID-19
General Information Before You Visit
Aquarium Facilities
Community Groups
Explore
Aquarium Zones
Online Gift Shop
Ocean Discovery Ranger Team
Our Animal Husbandry Care Team
Conservation & Research Projects
Experiences & Events
Learning at the Aquarium
Venue
Terms
Adult – Full price adult ticket. Age 16 to 59 inclusive.Child – Applies to all children between the ages of 3 and 15 (inclusive), accompanied by paying adult. Children 2 years old and under are free.Senior Citizens – All adults 60 years and over.Students – On production of a valid NUS card.Family – Entrance for 2 adults and 2 children (as detailed above).Carers – Carers admitted free of charge on a one to one ratio. Excludes foster carers.
Unaccompanied children are not allowed into the Aquarium, unless at the Duty Manager’s discretion.
No two discounts or concessions can be used together in any one transaction.
Hours of business are: 10 am to 5 pm everyday. Last admission is strictly one hour before closure. We are closed on 25th and 26th December. If for any reason we are closed on any other day this will be advertised on our website from the start of business of that day and in the event of full exhibition closure we will give 28 days notice, unless required to be closed for reasons beyond our control.
Some exhibits may be closed due to safety or technical reasons.
Prices are correct at time of going to press and are subject to change without notification.
We reserve the right to refuse entry to the Aquarium.
Membership cards are non-transferable.
Please be aware that as of the 1st April 2012 we will no longer be accepting Tesco Days Out tokens as a payment type for day admission tickets.
No pets, other than guide dogs, are allowed in the Aquarium.
See our COVID Secure Risk Assessment below.
nma-covid-19-secureView
Contacting the National Marine Aquarium
Our telephone number is 0844 893 7938, which is manned from 9.30 am to 5.00 pm; however, during busy times you may need to leave a message, in which case we will endeavour to respond.
Calls to this number are charged at 4p per minute plus your network access charge.
Our email address is enquiries@national-aquarium.co.uk – emails will be responded to within 48 hours.
Online booking
Once purchased, on-line tickets may not be used in conjunction with any other offer.
Tickets may not be resold and are non-refundable.
Any on-line discounts or offers are available in limited quantities for limited periods only and are not be available for bookings made by phone or in person.
Please bring along your 8-digit booking reference number and/or email print-out and make you way to the Fast Track entrance.
Complimentary Annual Return
The National Marine Aquarium Complimentary Annual Return allows you to return to National Marine Aquarium free for a 12-month period.
Upon arrival and opt-in to the scheme, we require limited personal information about those joining, along with a digital photograph of each individual. This will be taken at the time of transaction and all information secured safely in compliance with GDPR.
Each paying person will be given their own pass, to allow individual re-entry. Under 16s must be accompanied by an adult at all times.
The Complimentary Annual Return cannot be used on certain bank holidays and is for day admission use only and can’t be used in conjunction with other types of visit including but not limited to educational school trips and evening functions & events.
In addition to Christmas Eve and Christmas Day (when the Aquarium is closed) the Complimentary Annual Return cannot be used on bank holidays.
Lost or stolen passes can be replaced, although a small admin fee will be charged per pass
Wet & Wild Deal
Full day admission payments at the National Marine Aquarium receive 50% off Dartmoor Zoological Park day admission tickets. Not to be used in conjunction with any other offer including the Standard Pass. Offer is valid for 15 days from the date shown on the receipt and will only be accepted on production of a valid National Marine Aquarium day admission receipt.
By using the www.national-aquarium.co.uk website you are accepting our Terms and Conditions. We may decide to change them at any time and if we do so those changes will be written into these Terms and Conditions. Continuing to use the site after a change has been made is your acceptance of the changes. You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner which does not infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of this site by any third party.
This site and the information relating to the National Marine Aquarium its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided as shown.
In no event will the National Marine Aquarium be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever.
The National Marine Aquarium does not warrant that the functions contained in the material contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy or reliability of the materials.
The names, images and logos identifying the National Marine Aquarium are proprietary marks of the National Marine Aquarium.
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these Terms and Conditions are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction which that Term or Condition is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from this clause and the remaining Terms and Conditions shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Disputes arising herefrom shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Events
In light of the current outbreak of COVID-19, the NMA has been fielding questions regarding our upcoming events. At present our events are expected to run as scheduled, but we continue to monitor and assess the situation and 48 hours’ notice of any cancellations will be given via email to each booked delegate.
If the NMA has to cancel an event, booked delegates can transfer to another available date of their choice or receive a full refund of fees paid. However, the NMA is not responsible for any travel or any other costs that may have been incurred.
The same rules will apply to a delegate unable to attend an NMA event due to travel restrictions imposed by the UK or their national government, a full refund of the event fee will be given where documentary evidence is provided.
Full Exhibition Closure
In the event of full exhibition closure we will give 28 days notice, unless required to be closed for reasons beyond our control.
Emails
If you ever want to unsubscribe from any mailing list, please follow the link provided in the emails you receive from the mailing list.
Privacy Notice
You can download our latest privacy notice by clicking here
NMA-Privacy-Notice-June-2020View
© Copyright National Marine Aquarium 2020
News & Updates
Connect with our Aquarium to hear about exciting news and events before anyone else!
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from us:
Email Direct Mail Customized Online Advertising
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more.
The National Marine Aquarium (NMA) is the UK’s largest aquarium, located in Britain’s Ocean City, Plymouth. It is run by the Ocean Conservation Trust, a charity dedicated to connecting people with the Ocean.
Find Out More
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our site.
Find out more about our cookies.
Okay!