http://www.zeidman.info/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home About usFAQ Newsletter Contact Blog Careers
ProductsRaiser’s EdgeChimpegration (with Cloud) Importacular Audit trail Validatrix The Mergician
BBCRMChimpegration Cloud Bank Validator
AltruChimpegration Cloud
ServicesConsulting Customizations BBCRM Customizations
ZeidZoneRegister Lost Password Log In
Privacy Policy
Zeidman Development is committed to protecting your privacy and personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to the Zeidman Development website and governs data collection and usage. By using the Zeidman Development website, you consent to the data practices described in this policy.
Collection of Personal Information
Zeidman Development requests personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, and phone number when you download a product for demo or sign up to our newsletter.
Zeidman Development automatically collects information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Zeidman Development for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Zeidman Development website.
Zeidman Development is not responsible for the privacy policies or other content on websites linked to from the site or otherwise outside of the Zeidman Development website.
Use of your Personal Information
Zeidman Development collects and uses your personal information to operate the Zeidman Development website and deliver and contact you about the services you have requested.
Zeidman Development will not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties ever.
Zeidman Development Websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Zeidman Development or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Zeidman Development; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Zeidman Development, or the public.
Security of your Personal Information
Zeidman Development stores your personal information securely, protecting it from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information is transmitted to other websites, it is protected by established encryption processes.
What about GDPR?
We’re using legitimate interest as our legal basis for contacting our potential and existing customers. Please note, this includes those who download products from our site. We feel that sending you marketing communications does not impact your rights and freedoms and you can unsubscribe at any time.
Cookies
Zeidman Development stores cookies on your browser. Some cookies on this site are essential, and the site won’t work as expected without them. These cookies are set when you login to ZeidZone. We also use some non-essential cookies to anonymously track visitors or enhance your experience of the site. These come from Google Analytics and Clicky. For those within the EU we also store a cookie to say whether or not you have read our cookie disclaimer (so that we do not bother you with it again) To control third party cookies, you can also adjust your browser settings..
Changes to this Policy
Zeidman Development reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback. Zeidman Development encourages you to periodically review our policy to keep informed of how Zeidman Development is protecting your information.
Please contact us if you have any questions regarding this policy.
Go to Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.