http://www.kisker-biotech.com/frontoffice/corporate/engagements/privacy-policy.jsp
Your login session will expire after 30 seconds and you will lose unsaved information
Do you want to extend session?
extend your session [30]
Privacy Policy
Updated in May 2018
Through our exchanges, you provide us with personal information and we thank you for the trust you place in us. We are committed to treat them with consideration and to put them in good use, while ensuring their safety.This Privacy Policy outlines the nature of the data collected, the means by which it is collected and the use made of it.By creating your account and accepting our Privacy Policy, you agree that Kisker collects, processes and uses the personal information as set out below.
1. Manager and Controller of Personal Information2. Collection and processing of your data      2.1. The information you give us      2.2. Data concerning minors      2.3. E-mailing      2.4. Cookies      2.5. Data retention3. Recipients of your data      3.1. Data flow4. Data protection5. Your rights regarding your data6. Modification of our Privacy Policy7. Contact us
1. Manager and Controller of Personal Information
All your information is processed by Kisker: Sonnenschein 8, D-48565 Steinfurt - Phone: +49(0)2551-864310 - Fax: +49(0)2551-864312 - www.kisker-biotech.com - contact@kisker-biotech.com
2. Collection and processing of your data
All the information gathered is intended to personalize and improve your experience with Kisker. They are used to manage orders, ensure the delivery of our products and services, process payments and communicate with you about our products and services, and our offers. They also improve our online store and our offers through statistical studies.
2.1. The information you give us
When creating your customer account, we ask you to complete a form. The required information, such as your last name, first name, phone number and e-mail address are marked with an asterisk. We do not ask you for additional information to those essential to the processing of your requests.
2.2. Data concerning minors
We do not ask for a date of birth in our account creation form. Therefore, we cannot know your age. However, if we discover that we have collected data from a child under the minimum age without parental consent, we will take appropriate measures to remove this information from our database. Any parent who suspects that his / her child has accidentally or willingly transmitted data to us may contact Kisker.
2.3. E-mailing
In order to maximize the interest of our e-mailing campaigns, we collect statistics of opening e-mails. If you wish to unsubscribe from our mailing list, simply click on the "Unsubscribe from the Flash Sale List" or the "Update my information" options at the bottom of our emails. You can also click on the "Unsubscribe" button in the confirmation e-mail you've received while subscribing to our e-mailing list. Unsubscription to our newsletter is also available from your customer account.
2.4. Cookies
The cookies installed on your device help us to identify your browser during your connections to our site. These cookies are issued in order to measure the audience, allowing us to establish statistics of frequentations necessary for the improvement of our products and services. You may allow or prohibit these cookies by going to the "Share your challenges" section and then "Managing cookies" at the bottom of our home page.
2.5. Data retention
The data of your customer account are kept in order to ensure the functioning of it and to offer you an efficient assistance in the event of requests relating to your orders (services, customer support, and execution of the contract of sale). We retain all of this data that you can access while your account is active.
3. Recipients of your data
Kisker handles the processing of your data. This information may be communicated to third parties contractually bound to Kisker entrusted with tasks essential to the management of your orders, your account and your payments. The communicated data are not used for the benefit of these third-party service providers.
3.1. Data flow
Your data communicated during the creation of your customer account on our website are not transferred outside european territory. They are collected, stored and processed in France.
4. Data protection
Kisker uses for his website a protocol "HTTPS", a secure hypertext transfer protocol. Thanks to this protocol, the integrity and confidentiality of your data is ensured between your terminal and the site. The integrity of the site benefits from this protocol, allowing you to navigate safely
We maintain physical and electronic security measures regarding the collection, retention, safeguarding and disclosure of personal information of customers.
It is important to protect yourself from unauthorized access to your password and device. If you share a computer, you must disconnect after each use.
If you notice a flaw in the security of your data, we invite you to contact us immediately.
5. Your rights regarding your data
In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) of April, 14th 2016, if you reside in the European Economic Area you have the right to access, rectify, transfer and delete your data. You can also oppose the processing of your personal data. You can exercise these rights by contacting our services and via your customer area
You have the option to access your personal information from your customer account as long as it exists.
In case you want to delete your data, the fulfilment of your wishes will be done within 30 days. It is also possible that we keep data in the form of archives, and thus not exploited, for legal purposes only.
You may object to the collection of cookies directly on our website in the section "Share your challenges" at the bottom of the page.
You also have the right to oppose the use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes. E-mailing is the only direct marketing support we use. You can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" option at the bottom of our e-mails.
In case of additional needs, you can contact us. We will review your request and respond as soon as possible.
6. Modification of our Privacy Policy
You will be notified by e-mail of any subsequent major changes to our Privacy Policy. We will offer you the opportunity to consent to this new version.
7. Contact us
You can access our contact forms from the "Contact" menu at the top of our homepage.
Cookie management
Privacy Policy
Newsletter
BROWSE OUR ONLINE CATALOGUE FROM THE FOLLOWING CHAPTERS
Since 1990, Kisker has been offering to public and private research laboratories a complete range of consumables and equipment of proven quality.
A culture of customised service, quality and responsiveness
Kisker Biotech
offers a wide range of laboratory equipment, laboratory instruments and laboratory supplies related to
biotechnology :
Cell Culture - Molecular Biology - Serology - Immunology - Analysis - Measurements - Microbiology
Pipettes - Distribution -
Storage - Screening - Tips - Micropipettes - Serum - Medias - Reagents - Tubes and racks - Cryogenics
Plasticware - Dissection - Sampling - Stainless steel - Filtration - Filtration - Health and Safety - Equipment
Among our ranges :
Autoclaves -
Balances -
Centrifuges -
Freezers -
Cryothermostats -
Climatic chambers -
Óvens -
Drosophila material -
Microscope -
Refrigerators -
Thermocyclers
Kisker Biotech GmbH & Co. KG -
Products for Biotechnology
Postbox 1329 - D-48565 Steinfurt - VAT DE815257984
Tél. +49(0)2551-864310 - Fax : +49(0) 2551-864312
contact@kisker-biotech.com
x Close