https://www.anchorqea.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Your privacy is very important to Anchor QEA. We also understand that privacy is very important to you. This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding collection, use, and disclosure of any information we gather through this website located at anchorqea.com. Anchor QEA reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. The last date this policy was modified can be found at the end of the statement.
What Do We Use Your Information For?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website; we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you
To contact you back for requests of information or other requests
Do We Use Cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do We Disclose Any Information to Outside Parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-Party Links
We may include links to third-party websites. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We value your privacy and have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We, therefore, will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act); we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on April 25, 2018.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Anchor QEA, LLC
1201 Third Ave., Suite 2600
Seattle, WA 98101, USA
info@anchorqea.com
206-287-9130
Scroll to top