https://www.afmlta.asn.au/footer/terms
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
AFMLTA Terms
Copyright
This site and its contents are subject to copyright. The site material copyright is owned by Australian Federation of Modern Language Teacher Associations, or in the case of some material, a third party. The site function and operation copyright is owned by Australian Federation of Modern Language Teacher Associations.
You may view this site and its contents using your web browser and electronically copy and print hard copies of parts of this site solely for personal, non-commercial use. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content of this site is strictly prohibited.
Trademarks
This site includes registered trademarks, and other trademarks that are otherwise protected by law. Except as expressly authorised, the use or misuse of any of these trademarks is strictly prohibited.
Included Trademarks and Registered Trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners.
Disclaimer
You agree that your access to, and use of, this site is subject to these terms and all applicable laws, and is at your own risk. This site and its contents are provided to you on "as is" basis, the site may contain errors, faults and inaccuracies and may not be complete and current.
Australian Federation of Modern Language Teacher Associations makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials or products included on this site, except as otherwise provided under applicable laws.
Neither Australian Federation of Modern Language Teacher Associations, nor its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors or assigns will be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of, or in any way related to, the use of this site and any other site linked to this site. This limitation applies to direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages you or others may suffer, as well as damages for loss of profits, business interruption or the loss of data or information.
NAB Transact Security (for credit card transactions)
To protect cardholder data NAB Transact complies with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). The PCI DSS is the global data security standard that any business of any size must adhere to in order to accept payment cards. It presents common sense steps that mirror best security practices.
Refunds & Returns Policy
Refund requests must be made in writing.
Full day Conferences, Seminars or Workshops: Refunds requested one month or more before the advertised date will receive a full refund. Refunds requested more than two weeks and less than one month beforehand will be subject to a 20% cancellation fee. No refunds will be made if the request is received less than 2 weeks before the advertised date unless there is a fault or it has been wrongly described.
Half-day seminars/workshops: Refunds requested three weeks or more before the advertised date of the conference will receive a full refund. Refunds requested more than one week and less than three weeks before the advertised date of the seminar/workshop will be subject to 20% cancellation fee. No refunds will be made if the cancellation is received less than 1 week before the advertised date unless there is a fault or it has been wrongly described.
Membership: Refunds may be made, when a written request is provided no more than 6 weeks after the initial membership fee has been paid.
No refunds will be made after that period has elapsed.
Journal subscription: A refund of the journal subscription may be made provided the request is made in writing. The amount of the refund will depend on how many of the journals have been supplied at the time of the request.
Other resources: Refunds will be made provided the items are returned in good order within 21 days of receipt of the goods.
Viruses
Australian Federation of Modern Language Teacher Associations cannot guarantee that any file or program available for download and/or execution from or via this site is free from viruses or other conditions, which could damage or interfere with data, hardware or software with which it might be used. You assume all risk of use of all programs and files on this site, and you release Australian Federation of Modern Language Teacher Associations entirely of all responsibility for any consequences of its use.
Third Party Sites
This site may contain links to third party sites. Australian Federation of Modern Language Teacher Associations is not responsible for the condition or content of those sites as they are not under Australian Federation of Modern Language Teacher Associations control. You access those sites and/or use the site's products and services solely at your own risk. The links are provided solely for your convenience and do not indicate, expressly or impliedly, an endorsement by Australian Federation of Modern Language Teacher Associations of the sites or the products or services provided on the site.
Australian Federation of Modern Language Teacher Associations does not permit any linkages to this site without prior permission.
Applicable Law
This site is controlled by Australian Federation of Modern Language Teacher Associations. Your use of this site is governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Queensland, Australia. Disputes arising from your use of this site are exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of Queensland, Australia.
This site may be accessed throughout Australia and overseas. Australian Federation of Modern Language Teacher Associations makes no representations that the content of this site complies with the laws (including intellectual property laws) of any country outside Australia. If you access this site from outside Australia, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for complying with the laws in the place where you access the site.
Privacy
Australian Federation of Modern Language Teacher Associations highly values the strong relationships we have with our customers. The collection of data at Australian Federation of Modern Language Teacher Associations is being handled with full and proper respect for the privacy of our customers. The data we collect is handled sensitively, securely and with proper regard to privacy. Australian Federation of Modern Language Teacher Associations does not disclose, distribute or sell the data we collect from our clients to third parties.
This site uses a feature of your web browser known as "cookies" to store information and identify you to the system while you are on a session. No personal details are contained in the cookies.
In this section
Login
Login
Forgotten your password?