https://www.ceca.co.uk/cookie-policy/
CECA National > Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
IP Addresses and Cookies
Our site use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our site. Information about your general internet usage may be obtained from these cookie files which are stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service.
We use the following kinds of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
More specifically, we also use:
Google analytics: to carry out statistical analysis of page use, page interactions and paths through our Site to evaluate and develop our Site. This is known as ‘digital analytics’. We may also record certain information that customers provide during during any interaction with our Site. This information allows us to understand individual behaviours and needs more accurately. For more information on how Google uses the data collected via this service, visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ To opt out of being tracked via Google Analytics, you can also use Google’s opt-out browser add-on: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
We use both ‘Session Cookies’, which allow us to track your actions during a single browsing session, but do not remain on your device afterwards, and ‘Persistent Cookies’, which remain on your device between sessions, for the purposes outlined above.
Session and Persistent Cookies can be either first or third party cookies. A first-party cookie is set by the website being visited and a third-party cookie is set by a different website. Both types of cookie may be used by us or our business partners.
Any third party cookies will be governed by their own terms and privacy policies, so you should read these before giving your consent to enable these third party cookies. Please note that we have no control over third party cookies.
If at any time you wish to disable our cookies, you may do so through the settings on your browser but if you do so you will not be able to use certain important features of our service.
We may also collect and store personal data on your computer or other device using application data caches and browser web storage (including HTML 5) and other technology.