http://www.microscopeworld.com/t-privacy.aspx
Store Policy and Ordering Options
Microscope World maintains a firm commitment to your privacy. For the security of your personal information, we utilize standard SSL encryption when accepting your credit card information during your online ordering process and all online orders are placed through a secure server.
The only people who have access to your credit card information are the operations manager and those directly responsible for card authorization. We use this information solely to process your order and, if any questions should arise, to contact you about your order.
We share other personal information, and only that information which is absolutely necessary, with those third parties that are involved in the processing or shipping of your order. This includes the financial institution that processes your credit card and the shipping carrier that delivers your order. We do not sell, rent or trade any customer information.
We do not release your personal data to anyone else. To further enhance our security measures, no customer information is kept on our web site and all credit card numbers are deleted from our accounting system after seven days. If you order online your credit card is never visible to any employee at Microscope World, it passes directly through the secure website to processing.
About Cookies:
As you browse Microscope World and other websites, online ad networks we work with may place anonymous cookies on your computer, and use similar technologies, in order to understand your interests based on your (anonymous) online activities, and thus to tailor more relevant ads to you.   If you do not wish to receive such tailored advertising, you can visit this page to opt out of most companies that engage in such advertising.  (This will not prevent you from seeing ads; the ads simply will not be delivered through these targeting methods.)
Microscope World Ordering Information
GSA Contract Information | About Us
Microscope World accepts the following order methods:
ONLINE - This website offers a secure SSL encrypted ordering process. The following payment methods are accepted: PAYPAL, VISA, MASTER CARD and DISCOVER. Only US credit cards are accepted online.
PHONE - You may call us Monday - Friday 8am - 5pm PST to place your order. 1-800-942-0528. International customers please call 1-760-438-0528. If you call after hours you can leave a message, please include your daytime phone number so we may return your call.
FAX - You can fax your order to 760-438-0553.
PURCHASE ORDER - We accept purchase orders from established businesses. If you have not been set up as a customer with Microscope World we will need a copy of your credit and bank references. Our terms are NET 30. If you require Net 45 payment, we will revise the prices of the products upwards. Please email your PO to orders@microscopeworld.com or fax it to 760-438-0553. If you are a school or part of the US Government, we do not require a copy of your company's credit references.
INTERNATIONAL ORDERS - We ship internationally. All international orders require payment by wire transfer. Please call or email us if you are an international customer.
GOVERNMENT ORDERS - we have a GSA contract. You can order online with the GSA eLibrary, or call us for a quote.
View our GSA contract information here.
If you have any questions regarding ordering, about the privacy statement or return policy, please contact us at:
Microscope World
6122 Innovation Way
Carlsbad, CA 92009
1-800-942-0528 (M-F, 7am - 5pm PST) Toll Free Voice
1-760-438-0528 International Voice
1-760-438-0553 FAX
Email: info@microscopeworld.com
View wishlist
Shopping Cart:
0
Items
Your shopping cart is currently empty.
Discounts:
Total:
$0.00
Close
Checkout
View cart
Your Wishlist:
0
Items
Your wish list is currently empty.
Total:
$0.00
Close
Move all to Cart
Loading...