http://www.prokon.com/about/legal/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyHome > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policycrisp_admin2020-10-15T16:18:26+02:00
We care about your privacy.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletters.
When ordering software, or registering on our site for technical support, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our website anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website: We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service: Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions: Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested
To send periodic newsletters and product announcements by email.
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway provider’s database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
How to change personal information?
All users of our website may make any changes to their information at any time by logging into their Helpdesk profile or change their email preferences by following the links provided in the footer of any bulk email message.
Web Browser Cookies
Do we use cookies?
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders by contacting customer service.
Information Disclosure
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
We will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Legal Compliance
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website and software at www.prokon.com/terms-conditions.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information published at www.prokon.com/contact
LEGAL NOTICESTerms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
LEGAL NOTICESTerms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
© Copyright 1989 –
| PROKON Software Consultants (Pty) Ltd. | All Rights Reserved.
[ Placeholder content for popup link ]
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close
Go to Top