http://www.frontier-economics.com/uk/en/legals/
Legals
Company details, privacy policy and terms of use
About the company
The Frontier Economics network consists of separate companies.  Frontier Economics Limited (with offices in Berlin, Brussels, Cologne, Madrid, London and Paris) and Frontier Economics Pty Limited (with offices in Australia and a subsidiary company, Frontier Economics Pte Limited, in Singapore) The companies are independently owned, and legal commitments entered into by any one company do not impose any obligations on other companies in the network.  The name Frontier Economics on this website may refer to either of the two companies below.
Frontier Economics Limited:
Registered office: 71 High Holborn, London WC1V 6DA
The company is registered in England and Wales with company number: 3752719
UK VAT registration number: 732 0813 64
Frontier Economics Pty Limited:
Registered Office: 395 Collins Street Melbourne VIC 3000, Australia
Australian Business Number: ABN 13 087 553 124
Data Processing
Frontier are committed to being transparent about how we collect and use your data and to meeting our data protection obligations.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the data controller is Frontier Economics Ltd. 71 High Holborn, London WC1V 6DA.
Frontier Economics Ltd. (‘We’) are registered for data protection with the Information Commissioner’s Office. Our registration number is Z8523370.
We hold information about actual and potential clients, collaborators and other people with whom we do business.  This information includes contact and marketing details and will usually have been collected from you during your relationship with Frontier or when you register to receive bulletins on our website.  Some of the information may also have been collected from publicly available sources and third parties.
What we use your data for
We may use the information that we collect for the purposes of normal business administration and to send you marketing materials.
From time to time, we may send electronic copies of bulletins and other material to some of our contacts.  The e-mail software that we use to send electronic copies of bulletins and other ‘non-transactional’ material allows us to collect information about which contacts have received and opened our e-mails. It does so by tracking when images and links contained in each email are retrieved and clicked on respectively. We collect this information to monitor and improve the effectiveness of the material we send by email.
You can block the collection of this information by adjusting your e-mail software’s privacy settings to prevent the automatic downloading of images although this can mean that some/all of an email’s content may be unavailable unless you manually select to download the images. You can also avoid the collection of this information by choosing not to click on the links.
We have embedded Social Media Plugins (Facebook Like, Twitter, Linkedin) on our site which means that we may also collect your IP address, browser/operating system information, and the address of the website or app you’re using to make the website, and any embedded plugins e.g. Social Media, work.. Please visit the Facebook Data Policy, Twitter Privacy Policy and Linkedin Privacy Policy for further details about the information they process to support these products. Frontier Economics Ltd are a Joint Data Controller with Facebook, Twitter and Linkedin in respect of the collection and disclosure of your information to them. Please note that Frontier Economics are not a Data Controller for any subsequent processing of your data by these organisations.
The legal (‘lawful’) basis for processing your data
The GDPR requires that all data processing must have a ‘lawful’ basis. The following lawful basis apply to our processing of the data we collect from you:
The processing of personal data for marketing purposes and sending bulletins is carried out on the basis of ‘informed consent’
The processing of personal data for the purpose of doing business or collaborating with you is carried out on the basis of Frontier’s ‘legitimate interest’ in providing micro economic consultancy.
The processing of personal data for the purposes of encouraging users to share website content through their social media accounts is carried out on the basis of Frontier’s ‘legitimate interest’ in promoting our brand and services.
Who we share your data with
We will not sell your information to, or share it with, any third-party organisation except to:
those acting on behalf and under the control of or in a capacity as agents for Frontier including organisations who provide us with the technical means to perform a specific task e.g. distribute publications; and
those providing social media plugins i.e. Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin.
How long we keep your data for
We will keep your data for no longer than necessary for the purpose for which it was originally collected.
Where you have consented to receive bulletins or other ‘non-transactional’ materials from us we will keep your data until you object, withdraw your consent or request the erasure of your data.
International transfers
The GDPR restricts the transfer of your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA) unless certain conditions, designed to protect you and your data, are met.
Frontier have infrastructure and staff located in the UK, France, Germany, Spain, Ireland and Belgium. Cross border working allows us to offer highly experienced teams to meet your needs. During the transition period, EU law will continue to apply and EU-UK data flows remain unaffected, however, elements of our approach will be classed as international transfers, under the GDPR, from the 1st January 2021. In the event that the UK has not secured a trade deal or adequacy agreement by the 31st December 2020 we will ensure that appropriate safeguards are applied e.g. standard contractual clauses to ensure that your rights and protections continue to be maintained.
Your rights
The GDPR is designed to put you in control of your data. It gives you several rights which, in most circumstances outweigh the rights of other parties e.g. Frontier. Exceptions might be where we have a legal obligation to process your data, or a competing legitimate interest which, after careful consideration, outweighs your interests or your fundamental rights and freedoms.  You therefore have the qualified right to:
Request access to your data - including confirmation as to whether we are processing any personal data relating to you - and, if so, receive a copy of that data.
Request rectification of any inaccuracies in data relating to you, including supplementing the data where the record is incomplete.
Request erasure of your personal data from our records. This would apply if we no longer had a good reason for processing it or if you exercised your ‘right to object’ to the processing (below).
Restrict processing of your personal data which essentially suspends the processing, except the storage of the data itself, until further notice. You might use this right where you dispute its accuracy or the legitimacy of our grounds for processing it.
Object to processing in those cases where we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your data but you object on grounds relating to your situation.
Data portability whereby you can receive a copy of the data you provided to Frontier or ask us to transmit it to another data controller of your choosing.
Complain about how we are processing your data to the relevant regulatory body, a list of which can be found here.
Where the processing of your data is carried out based on consent you have the right to withdraw consent.
If you need any support or guidance in exercising your data protection rights please email Frontier’s Data Protection Officer at dataprotection@frontier-economics.com or write to us at Data Protection Officer, Frontier Economics Ltd, 71 High Holborn, London, England WC1V 6DA; Tel: +44 20 7031 7000.
Website Terms of Use
Frontier Economics Ltd. and Frontier Economics Pty Ltd. own the copyright in the content of this website.  You may download and print content from the website, for your own internal business purposes and/or personal use. You must not copy, reproduce or use content from this website for any other reason. You must not change or redistribute the content of this website without the express written permission of Frontier Economics Ltd. or Frontier Economics Pty Ltd.
Supplier code of conduct
Frontier requires its suppliers to work with us to promote high ethical standards (see our Supplier Code of Conduct ).
Whistleblowing policy
Click here to read details of our Whistleblowing policy.
Get in touch
Want to find out more? Then why not give us a call or drop a quick email
+44 (0) 207 031 7000
dataprotection@frontier-economics.com
Your privacy and our use of cookies
Cookies help us improve your Frontier Economics online experience. If you accept their use, continue using our site. Or, find out more about cookies.