http://www.chroniclesmagazine.org/terms-conditions/
Skip to Main Content
Terms & Conditions
Chronicles magazine appreciates your comments that abide by the following guidelines:
Avoid profanities or foul language unless it is contained in a necessary quote or is relevant to the comment.
Stay on topic.
Disagree, but avoid ad hominem attacks.
Threats are treated seriously and reported to law enforcement.
Spam and advertising are not permitted in the comments area.
Keep your responses concise and to the point. Avoid writing a whole book through several comments.
Website Terms and Conditions
The Chronicles website is maintained by Charlemagne Institute, the publisher of Chronicles: A Magazine of American Culture (hereafter collectively referred to as Chronicles). The mailing address for Chronicles is P.O. Box 3247, Northbrook, IL 60065. General inquiries may be made by calling (800) 877–5459 or by emailing contact@thecharlemagne.org. The general business hours for Chronicles are weekdays from 8:00 A.M. to 4:30 P.M. Central Time.
The Chronicles website is used to sell subscriptions to Chronicles as well as books and CD’s. A variety of delivery options are available and are listed on the order check out page on the “store”. In addition, Chronicles, as a program of Charlemagne Institute, a 501(c)3 nonprofit educational foundation, accepts donations via its website. A listing of products offered for sale via the website may be found by going to the “Store” button on the website. Users may subscribe to Chronicles by going to the “Subscribe” button, and users may donate by going to the “Donate” button.
If you are not completely satisfied with Chronicles, you may cancel for a full, prompt refund of all unmailed copies. Refunds for unused goods, books and CD’s, are available; call customer service at (800) 877–5459 to inquire about specific transactions. Transactions conducted via the Chronicles website are in United States currency. Charges to a user’s credit card occur on the date the purchase is made. Information concerning customer privacy may be found in the Website Statement of Privacy. Chronicles reserves the right to make changes to these Terms and Conditions from time to time. Notice of changes will be made by modifying this policy on the Chronicles website.
General Disclaimer
The views expressed in Chronicles are the authors’ alone and do not necessarily reflect the views of Charlemagne Institute or of its directors.
Unsolicited manuscripts may be sent to submissions@Chroniclesmagazine.org. Unsolicited manuscripts cannot be returned unless accompanied by a self-addressed stamped envelope.
ISSN 0887-5731
Chronicles: A Magazine of American Culture is a program of
Our Programs
Stay in the know!
Receive intellectually engaging content and updates from our organization.
Your email *
First name *
Last name *
Sign Me Up
X