http://www.incyte.com/legal-notice
OK
Search
Incyte International Locations
NORTH AMERICA—HEADQUARTERS
FINLAND
JAPAN
SWEDEN
EUROPE—HEADQUARTERS
FRANCE
THE NETHERLANDS
SWITZERLAND
AUSTRIA
GERMANY
NORWAY
PORTUGAL
DENMARK
ITALY
SPAIN
UNITED KINGDOM
Close
Home
LEGAL NOTICES
INCYTE TERMS OF USE
The website www.incyte.com and related websites that link to this notice are provided by Incyte Corporation ("Incyte").
PLEASE READ AND REVIEW THE FOLLOWING TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE WEBSITE. The following terms govern your use of the website, and by using the website you agree to be bound by and to comply with such terms. If you do not agree, you may not access or use the website. Incyte reserves the right to modify these terms from time to time without notice.
Use of the Website
While Incyte uses reasonable efforts to include up-to-date and accurate information on the website, INCYTE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION MADE AVAILABLE ON THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE INFORMATION ON THE WEBSITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU AS-IS. Incyte disclaims any and all liability related to use of the website or any website linked to this notice. Incyte shall not have any obligation to update the website. Your access and use of the website, including without limitation, the information made available on the website, is at your own risk. You agree that you will not make any claim against Incyte based on your access or use, or inability to use, the website or its contents. Incyte shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special or punitive damages arising out of your access, use or inability to use the website or its contents, or errors or omissions in the content thereof, including without limitation, loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action based on contract, negligence or other tort. The website and the information contained or referenced on the website is intended for informational, personal and non-commercial purposes only. The website does not provide medical or professional services or advice and should not be relied upon as the basis of any healthcare decision. Persons requiring diagnosis or treatment or with questions specific to an individual are urged to contact their healthcare provider. The website is only intended for use by U.S. residents who are at least eighteen (18) years of age. You should not construe anything on the website as a promotion of or solicitation for any product or service that is not authorized by the laws and regulations of the jurisdiction in which you are located. You may not use the website or its contents for any purpose that is unlawful.
Copyright and Other Intellectual Property Rights
The website, and the information which it contains, is the property of Incyte, and is protected from unauthorized copying and dissemination by United States copyright law, international conventions and other intellectual property laws. The trademarks, service marks, logos, or other intellectual property displayed on the website are owned by Incyte except as otherwise noted. Nothing on the website should be construed to grant any license or right in or to any trademarks, service mark, logos or other intellectual property rights. All rights are reserved by the owners of each trademark, service mark, logo, or other intellectual property, except as otherwise described in this notice.
Links to Third-Party Websites
As a convenience to you, we may provide links to third-party websites that may be of interest to you. Such third-party websites are subject to their own terms of use. Incyte does not monitor, approve, endorse, warrant or sponsor any information, conclusions, recommendations, products or services described on those websites. Incyte shall have no responsibility or liability for your use of or access to such third-party websites.
Information Submitted to Incyte
Should you submit any information (e.g. feedback, suggestions, ideas or comments) to Incyte via the website, such information, except for personally identifiable information which is covered by Incyte’s Privacy Policy, will be deemed to be Incyte’s property and non-confidential; and Incyte shall be free to use, reproduce, disseminate, distribute and otherwise exploit such information without limitation, and without providing any compensation to you. Incyte shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques or methods contained in such information for any purpose, and in any manner, whatsoever. By submitting such information you warrant and represent that you are the owner of all rights in such information. Under no circumstances shall you use the website or any of Incyte’s email or other addresses to send Incyte proprietary or confidential information belonging to a third party.
Privacy Policy
See Incyte’s Privacy Policy for the terms and disclosures relating to the collection and use of your personal information.
No Offer and No Solicitation
The information provided on the website does not constitute an, and is not provided in relation to any, offer of or solicitation for the purchase or disposal of, trading or any transaction in any Incyte securities. Investors must not rely on this information when making investment decisions.
Forward-Looking Statements
The website may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In addition, except for the historical information contained therein, the matters set forth in Incyte press releases, presentations, webcasts, announcements and other disclosures are also forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future periods, future events or our future operating or financial plans or performance. These statements can often be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "expects," "believes," "intends," "anticipates," "estimates," "plans," "may," or "will," or the negative of these terms, and other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, are based on assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. For a discussion of some of the factors that may cause results to differ, see Incyte’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Incyte disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
Miscellaneous
Incyte reserves the right to change the content of the website at any time without notice to you. Incyte reserves the right to terminate your access or use of the website at any time. If your violation of these terms causes harm to others, you shall indemnify and hold Incyte harmless from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damage and expenses related thereto. These terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles. You hereby submit to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in Wilmington, Delaware in any proceeding relating to the website or its contents. These terms set forth the entire agreement between you and Incyte with respect to the subject matter hereof.
You are now leaving Incyte.com
DO YOU WANT TO CONTINUE?
YES, Take Me There
NO, I Changed My Mind