http://www.plastemart.com/plastemart-usage-terms#Disclaimer
Toggle navigation
Used Machines
Products
Jobs
Info
Exhibitions
Polymer Prices
Contact
Sign in
Email
Password
Sign in
Forgot password?Register for an account?
Edit Profile
Connecting Businesses In the world of Plastic
World’s Leading B2B Portal for Plastics Industry
Trusted Sourcing Platform Since 2000
Plastic Processing Machinery and Equipment
Machinery Suppliers
Used Machines
Printing Machines
Auxiliaries
Polymers, Compounds, Additives and Masterbatches
Masterbatches
Polymers
Recycled
Plastic Waste
Plastic Packaging, Consumer and Industrial Products
Click To View Plastic Products
Click To View Processors
Previous
Next
FORGOT PASSWORD
EmailId Required.
Email Id Not Valid.
Submit
Terms
FOREWORD
This agreement (as defined below) describes the terms by which Smartech Global Solutions Ltd. ("Plastemart.com" or "we") offer you access to the service. By clicking the box, "Yes, I agree to the terms defined in the User Agreement" in the registration application form, and by accessing or using the service thereafter, you accept the agreement and agree to be bound by each of its terms. As used herein, the term "Agreement" means this User Agreement, disclaimer, privacy policy, security policy, access terms and other terms, conditions and rules that may be published or displayed from time to time by Smartech Global Solutions Ltd. on Plastemart.com or at any other link designated in this User Agreement, including each amendment, alteration, modification, or supplementation of any and all of the foregoing. All of the foregoing is incorporated by reference here. The terms of such Agreement apply to your use of the Service (as defined below). YOU SHOULD READ THIS AGREEMENT EACH TIME YOU USE THE SERVICE.
DEFINITIONS
Smartech" is a Public Limited Company and is carrying out its activities in the name and style of "Smartech Global Solutions Ltd." (herein after referred to as "Smartech")
"Smartech" is a Web Architecture, engaged in designing, development, hosting, promoting of Web sites. "Smartech" also provides IT enabled services and software solutions.
"Smartech" is based at Mumbai, in the state of Maharashtra in India.
"Data" means a representation of information, knowledge, facts, concepts or instructions, which are being prepared or have been prepared in a formalised manner.
"Information" includes data, text, images, sound, codes, computer programmes, software and databases.
"Access" means gaining entry into, instructing or communicating with the logical, arithmetical, or memory function resources of a computer, computer system or computer network
"Visitor" means and includes a person, entity including Corporate Bodies, Associations and its representatives, agents etc.
"Plastemart.com" means an electronic commerce web site. Informative materials collected and posted on this web site is on "as is" basis and is subject to further revision without any prior intimation or notice to any visitor(s) and is designed by Smartech to provide a platform for trade, knowledge, information to the users mainly belonging to Plastic Processing Industry and also consumers, dealers of Plastic products and goods of various nature.
REGISTRATION
In order to participate in Plastemart.com services, User must first register. Our services are available only to individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable laws. Registration is free. All information is kept strictly confidential. The purposes for registration are:
Reach Users when necessary
Create a venue where Users have confidence that other Users are sincere.
Receives benefits offered from Plastemart.com.
CONDUCT FOR AUTHORISED USERS
User agrees to use Plastemart.com only for lawful purposes. User shall not post on or transmit through Plastemart.com any unlawful, defamatory, libelous, obscene, abusive, threatening, or racially, otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, give rise to civil liability to otherwise violate any applicable law. User shall be solely responsible for ensuring that User's Account shall not be used in any manner which constitutes, or forms a part of a course of conduct amounting to, a violation of any state federal or other applicable competition laws. User covenants and agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Smartech and its subsidiaries, affiliates, and their officers, agents and employees from and against, and to pay or reimburse the Indemnities for, any and all loss and damages resulting from, arising out of, or related to any breach of any of the foregoing provisions of this agreement involving use of User's Account. User must always use your real name and you will remain solely responsible for the materials created and the content of your messages posted on Plastemart.com
ROLE OF PLASTEMART.COM
Plastemart.com is not involved in the actual transactions between Buyers and Sellers. And hence, Plastemart.com has no control over the quality, safety, or legality of the Product advertised, or the truth or accuracy of the listings, or the ability of Sellers to sell Product or the ability of Buyers to buy Product. Plastemart.com cannot confirm the identity of each Buyer and seller.There may be risks in dealing with others acting under false pretense.Appearance on Plastemart.com is not an indication of the credit worthiness or trustworthiness of Buyers or Sellers. Plastemart.com cannot and does not control whether or not Sellers will complete the sale of Product they offer or whether Buyers will complete the purchase of Product they have bid on.
DISCLAIMER
"Smartech" do hereby make disclaimer in respect to its web site "plastemart.com" as herein below listed -
User agrees that use of the service is entirely at user's own risk. The service is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind or responsibility either expressed or implied, including (without limitation) any warranty or responsibility.
Smartech does not warrant the accuracy of information obtained from this Website or that it will not violate or infringe any right of the third party.
Smartech disclaims all warranties including the implied warranty of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
Smartech does not warrant that functions contained on this site will be uninterrupted or error-free that defects will be corrected or that this site or the server are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Smartech does not warrant or represent the use of the materials on this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, breadth, depth, coverage, presentation, frequency, timeliness, accessibility and/or otherwise.
This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorised access to, alteration of, or use of record, in any way relating to or arising out of the service or the attempted use thereof or any transactions between members, whether for breach of contract, tortuous behaviour, negligence (whether of Plastemart.com or otherwise) or under any other cause of action.
Neither Plastemart.com nor any of its agents, affiliates or content providers shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of transactions arising out of the use of the service or inability to gain access to service or out of any breach of any obligation or responsibility that any of them may have.
Without in any way limiting any other provision contained herein, member agrees that in no event shall Smartech or its Officers, Directors, Owners, Administrator, independent Contractors, Employees, Agents or affiliates be liable and each member exculpates and releases such persons from damage, liability, or expense that the member may suffer (or any other person claiming by or through member) by reason of, arising out of, or related to the use of this web site or the service, by reason of any transaction with members (including without limitation any member buy and/or sell arrangements), the covered products, and any information appearing on or through Plastemart, regardless of whether such loss, damage, liability or expense results directly or indirectly from Smartech's negligence.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other limitations on liability set forth in this agreement, if a User or Member becomes entitled to any recovery, each user and member agrees that his recovery shall be limited to the amount of any fees or payments made to Plastemart.com by reason of such user's or member's use of the service.
Smartech makes no representation or warranty regarding the standing, creditworthiness or otherwise of any person firm or company mentioned herein, neither the information, nor the suitability of the information for any purpose.
A description or reference to a product, service or publication on this web site (including any description or reference via hyperlink) does not imply endorsement by Smartech of that product, service or publication.
User hereby acknowledges that the provisions of this section shall apply to all content on the site.
In addition, each Member indemnifies Plastemart.com and its officers, directors, owners, administrator, independent contractors, employees, agents and affiliates for and from any loss by reason of, in any way relating to, or arising out of:
Member's use of the Web site or the Service, any violation of any law, rule or regulation arising by reason of such use;
Any claim or dispute which may arise from a breach of Terms of the Agreement or from any dispute which may arise between Members;
Member's violation of the policy of Plastemart.com in force from time to time.
ACCESS AND USE OF INFORMATION
Access to this Web site is limited to viewing the linked web pages solely for legitimate business purposes to access the information provided by Smartech at this Web site. Any access or attempt to access other areas of the plastemart.com computer system or other information contained on the system for any purposes is strictly prohibited. You may not use any information contained on this web site other than in connection with a legitimate business purpose.
Except as expressly permitted below, Visitors to this site may not copy, modify, alter, reverse engineer, disassemble, sell, transfer, rent, license, publish, distribute, disseminate or otherwise allow access to all or any of the information. If the Visitor is a corporation this term shall apply to any subsidiary, affiliate or parent of such corporation.
Visitors to the site may use the information solely and exclusively for personal purposes or for internal purposes within the Visitor's organization and not for sale. The Visitor may download and/or copy limited portions of information on an occasional ad hoc basis and distribute that information within the Visitor's organisation PROVIDED HOWEVER, that
The reproduction and distribution of such information is not done in any manner which might be competitive with Smartech's use, reproduction or distribution of the same or similar information either in hard copy or electronic form and
Such information is distributed with appropriate notices, including copyright notices, indicating Smartech as the source of such information and prohibiting any further reproduction or distribution of such Information. Downloading of any Information, content or images from this web site does not transfer any right or ownership of such Information, content or images, and such information, content or images may be used solely in accordance with the license herein.
PRIVACY
At Plastemart.com, your privacy is very important to us & all efforts will be made to ensure security and privacy to the fullest extent. Smartech shall not sell, trade or share any information of our registered members with any third party without your approval, with the following exceptions:
Conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process
Enforce or apply the terms of any of user agreements.
Protect the rights, property or safety of Plastemart, our users or others.
Information revealed during the course of our enforcement of the seller agreement, or during the course of any disciplinary actions with respect to a Member.
Information necessary will be revealed to other members in store front or otherwise when they trade with each other in accordance with normal operations of Plastemart.
Information that we in good faith determine must be disclosed to correct what we believe to be false or misleading information or to address activities that we believe to be manipulative or deceptive.
Also, we at Plastemart.com may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
SECURITY
Smartech places utmost importance on protecting information therefore has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. These include firewall protection, password encryption and restricted server access.
Smartech does not guarantee that any electronic commence is totally secure and urges all users to exercise caution while using our site "PLASTEMART.COM"
TRADEMARK / COPYRIGHT
The visitor expressly acknowledges that Plastemart.com was prepared by Smartech (on its third party licensors ) through the application of methods and standards of judgement developed and applied through the expenditure of substantial time, effort and money. This web site contains many Smartech and third part trademarks / copyrights. All marks are the property of their respective companies. All rights in the intellectual property contained in Plastemart.com including copyrights, trademarks, patents, rights trade secrets are reserved.
SMARTECH'S RIGHTS
Smartech reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to select Users and to refuse service or subscription to Plastemart.com to any person or entity for any reason or for no reason whatsoever.
Smartech may terminate immediately and without notice the Account of any User who misuses Plastemart.com or fails to comply with any terms or condition of this Agreement.
Smartech, in its sole discretion, may, at any time and from time to time, and in any manner modify this Agreement and insert additional terms and conditions governing Users' access and use of Plastemart.com. Any modification or addition is effective immediately upon its posting on Plastemart.com or upon transmittal of written notice thereof to User, whichever is earlier.
Smartech may, in its sole discretion, modify, supplement or discontinue any aspect of Plastemart.com, including, but not limited to, (I) restricting the hours or dates of access to Plastemart.com, and (II) restricting or terminating any User's right to access or use Plastemart.com or any portion thereof, at Smartech's sole discretion and without prior notice or liability.
Smartech reserves the right to change or add any fees or charges for access or use of Plastemart.com at any time which would be effective immediately.
This Agreement shall be governed by and in accordance with the Law of India, without regard to conflicts of law provisions. Any controversy involving Smartech arising from or in any way related to this Agreement or your use of the services of the site shall be submitted to arbitration to be conducted in accordance with the laws of India. The final jurisdiction for any claim or dispute resides in the courts of India
Top of the page
CANCELLATION POLICY
Payments received against advertisement, commission, services fees, consultancy charges, placement services and other plastemart.com service will not be refundable.
Tell Us What You Want
*
Email Id Required.
Email Id Not Valid.
*
Subject
Required.
*
Message Required.
*
Please enter First Name.
*
Please enter Last Name.
*
Please enter Company Name.
*
Please Select Country.
*
Mobile Number Required.
Captcha:
Submit
Large capacity chemical storage tanks