http://www.labfumecupboards.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Hello our valued visitor, We present you the best web solutions and high quality graphic designs with a lot of features. just login to your account and enjoy ...
Login
Remember Me
Forgot your password?
Menu Navigation
Home
Products
Ducted Fume Cupboards
Ducted Bench Mounted Fume Cupboards
Scrubber Fume Cupboard
Walk-In Fume Cupboard
PR Hose Extraction Arms
Laboratory Extract Arms
Educational Fume Cupboards
Ductless Demonstration Fume Cupboard
SSR2000 Educational Ductless Fume Cupboard
Educational Ducted Fume Cupboard
Ductless Fume Cupboards
Basic Ductless Fume Cupboards
Advanced Ductless Fume Cupboards
Ductless Downflow Workstations
Ductless Nanoparticle Containment Enclosures
Eco Ductless Fume Cupboards
Ductless Balance Enclosures
LFK Extraction Arm
Fume Extract Systems & Fans
Laminar Flow Cabinets
LF Series Laminar Flow Cabinets
Flow Series Laminar Flow Cabinets
PCR Laminar Flow Cabinets
Biological Cabinets
Vented Enclosures
Vented Chemical Storage
Vent-Box Ductless Filtration System
Vented Chemical Storage Cabinets
Filters
Laboratory Furniture
Parts & Accessories
Servicing & Testing
Fume Extraction
Refurbished
Contact
Our Products
You are here:  HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Holliday Fielding Hocking Limited is a Local Exhaust Ventilated (LEVs) product distributor, installer, commissioner and service/repair company that provides users with recommendations for purchases and provides services such as Fume Cupboard servicing, parts and repair to businesses, education and industry in the UK. Our website, and related applications are owned and operated by HFH.
By accessing our Websites and utilising our services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and the information collection and handling practices outlined in it.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 25, 2018. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time so please check back regularly to keep informed of any updates.
Holliday Fielding Hocking Ltd take your privacy very seriously. This Privacy Notice is intended to set out your rights and answer any queries you may have about your personal data. If you need more information, please contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
If you have entered into a contract with us, or we are processing your data as a legitimate interest of our business Holliday Fielding Hocking Ltd will be the Data Controller, the controller of your data.
Our personal information handling policies and procedures have been developed to help us comply with the General Data Protection Regulation and applicable national law.
What information do we collect?
We collect and process personal data about you when you voluntarily interact with us and our products and when you purchase goods and services from us. Personal data means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified, electronic addresses, date of birth, password and payment information. It does not include data where the identity has been removed or otherwise anonymised (anonymous data).
The personal data we process includes:
• Your name• Your home or work address• Your email address and/or phone number• Your job title• Delivery details, including contact and delivery addresses
How do we use this information and what is the legal basis for this use?
We process your personal data listed above for the following purposes:
• As required to establish and fulfil a contract with you, for example, if you request a quotation, make a purchase from us or enter into an agreement to provide or receive services. This may include verifying your identity, taking payments, communicating with you, providing customer services and arranging the delivery or other provision of products or services. You can choose not to provide us with your personal data. However, in general you need to provide us with certain information about you in order for us to provide our services and we may be unable to enter into a contract with you and are unable to do so without it.• To comply with applicable law and regulation.• In accordance with our legitimate interests in undertaking our business activities and protecting Holliday Fielding Hocking legitimate business interests and legal rights, including but not limited to, use in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation).• In accordance with our legitimate interests to respond to any enquiries you make to us.• With your express consent to respond to any comments or complaints we may receive from you, and/or in accordance with our legitimate interests including to investigate any complaints received from you or from others, about our website or our products or services.• We may use information you provide to personalise our communications to you; our website; and products or services for you, in accordance with our legitimate interests.• To monitor use of our websites and online services. We may use your information to help us check, improve and protect our products, content, services and websites, both online and offline, in accordance with our legitimate interests.• We may monitor any customer account to prevent, investigate and/or report fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime, in accordance with applicable law and our legitimate interests.• We may use your information to invite you to take part in market research or surveys.• We may also send you direct marketing in relation to relevant products and services. Electronic direct marketing will only be sent where you have given your consent to receive it, or (where this is allowed) you have been given an opportunity to opt-out. You will continue to be able to opt-out of electronic direct marketing at any time by following the instructions in the relevant communication.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Our website makes use of cookies. Cookies are small text files generated when you visit our website that reside on your computer and can uniquely identify your browser.
We use essential cookies that are required for the technical operation of our site. Without essential cookies our site can’t operate properly.
We use performance cookies to record non-personal information regarding visitors and to see how visitors move around our site. This helps us to better understand which features are most popular and best meet the needs of our visitors. The information we collect from performance cookies is aggregated which means that we cannot identify you from it. We use Google Analytics for the purpose of analysing website visitors and cookies.
In this way, your visit to our web site will be logged; however, you will remain anonymous to us unless you specifically choose to share information with us.
Most web browsers have cookies enabled by default. You can configure your web browser to refuse cookies, or to be informed if a cookie is set. Each web browser has different ways of doing this, so check the ‘Help’ menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
To find out more about cookies visit www.allaboutcookies.org
Links to Other Websites
Our Website may include links to third party websites, plug-ins and applications. If you access other websites from the links provided on our Website, the operators of those websites may collect or share information about you. This information will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from our Privacy Policy.
We do not control these third-party websites and recommend that you examine the privacy statements posted on those other websites to understand their procedures for collecting, using and disclosing personal data. We have no responsibility or liability for or control over those other web sites or internet resources or their collection, use and processing of your personal information.
With whom and where will we share your personal data?
We may share your personal data with other companies that belong to our group such as Holliday Technical Services for the purposes of inter-group administration and to deliver products or services where elements of these are provided by group companies other than those with which you have directly contracted. We may also share your personal data with the below third parties:
• Our professional advisors such as our auditors and external legal and financial advisors• Our suppliers, business partners and sub-contractors• Search engine and web analytics
Personal data may be shared with government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if required for the purposes above, if mandated by law or if needed for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws.
Personal data may also be shared with third party service providers who will process it on behalf of Holliday Fielding Hocking Ltd for the purposes above. Such third parties include, but are not limited to, providers of website hosting and identity checking.
Holliday Fielding Hocking Ltd will only allow its service providers to handle your personal data when they have confirmed that they apply appropriate data protection and security controls. In the event that our business or any part of it is sold or integrated with another business, your details may be disclosed to our advisers and those of any prospective purchaser and will be passed to the new owners of the business.
How long will you keep my personal data?
We will not keep your personal information for any purpose for longer than is necessary and will only retain the personal information that is necessary in relation to the purpose. We are also required to retain certain information as required by law or for as long as is reasonably necessary to meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions.
Holliday Fielding Hocking Ltd will undertake a regular review of the information held and implement a weeding process. Holliday Fielding Hocking will dispose of any personal data in a way that protects the rights and privacy of the individual concerned.
Where you purchase goods and/or services from us we may keep your information for the length of any contractual relationship you have with us and after that for a period of up to 12 years to comply with any indemnities or liabilities.
Where you are a customer or a prospective customer and you have expressly consented to us contacting you we will retain your data until you unsubscribe from our communications, or for no longer than five years, prior to which we will ask you to opt back into receipt of our communications.
In the case of any contact you may have with our administration team, we will retain those details for as long as is necessary to resolve your query and for up to three years after the query is closed.
We will retain your data for a short time beyond the specified retention period, to allow for information to be reviewed and any deletion to take place. In some instances, laws may require Holliday Fielding Hocking to hold certain information for specific periods other than those listed above.
How does Holliday Fielding Hocking keep my data secure?
Holliday Fielding Hocking has policies and procedures in place to ensure the security of your personal data.
• Physical measures include locked filing cabinets, restriction of access to offices, and intruder alarm systems.• Technical tools include passwords and encryption.• Organisational controls include confidentiality agreements, limiting access on a need-to-know basis, and staff training.• Online security is also a priority. Holliday Fielding Hocking incorporates security measures such as encryption and utilises firewalls to protect our servers and network.
Where is my data stored?
Your data is stored in the UK. If we undertake an overseas contract that requires your information to be shared outside the European Economic Area (EEA) we will notify you. Further information may be obtained from our Privacy Manager.
What are my rights in relation to my personal data?
You can check, supplement and update the information you have provided by contacting Holliday Fielding Hocking Limited. You may also close your account by contacting us using on 0113 245 4111.
You can change your marketing preferences at any time during either by unsubscribing from future communications or contacting us via email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.  or by telephone on 0113 245 4111.
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right of access, the right of rectification, the right to erasure, the right to restrict processing, the right to data portability and the right to object. Please find below more details and information on how and when you can exercise your rights.
We will respond to your request within one month, but have the right to extend this period with two months.
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the following rights with regard to your personal data:
• The right to request access to your personal data. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.• The right to request to correct your personal data if it is inaccurate. You may also supplement any incomplete personal data we have, taking into account the purposes of the processing.• The right to request deletion of your personal data if:• Your personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we collected or processed them; or• You withdraw your consent if the processing of your personal data is based on consent and no other legal ground exists; or• You object to the processing of your personal data and we do not have an overriding legitimate ground for processing; or• Your personal data is unlawfully processed; or• Your personal data has to be deleted for compliance with a legal obligation.• The right to object to the processing of your personal data. We will comply with your request, unless we have a compelling overriding legitimate interest for processing or we need to continue processing your personal data to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim.• The right to restrict the processing of personal data, if:i. The accuracy of your personal data is contested by you, for the period in which we have to verify the accuracy of the personal data; orii. The processing is unlawful and you oppose the deletion of your personal data and request restriction; oriii. We no longer need your personal data for the purposes of processing, but your personal data is required by you for legal claims; oriv. You have objected to the processing, for the period in which we have to verify overriding legitimate grounds.
To exercise your other rights you can file a request by email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights described in this Privacy Policy). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. In an effort to speed up our response, we may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Holliday Fielding Hocking Limited may change or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will note the date that revisions were last made to this Privacy Policy at the first page of this Privacy Policy, and any revisions will take effect upon posting. We will notify our members of material changes to this Privacy Policy by either sending a notice to the email address you provided us or by placing a notice on our Website. We encourage you to check this Privacy Policy from time to time to review the most current version.
How you can contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about the processing of your personal data by us, please contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
You may also have the right to lodge a complaint to the supervisory authority about the way we process your personal data. We would, however, appreciate the chance to address your concerns before you approach the supervisory authority, so please contact us in the first instance.
For more information about your rights you can visit the Office of the Information Commissioner's website: https://ico.org.uk/
Our full details are:
Holliday Fielding Hocking LimitedUnit 9a, Aire Place MillsLeedsWest YorkshireLS3 1JL
Attn: Privacy Officer/Sarah WilkinsonEmail: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
©2018 Holliday Fielding Hocking Limited. All rights reserved.
Main Menu
HomeProductsServicing & TestingFume ExtractionRefurbishedContact
Useful Links
Privacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsSite MapThe Parliamentary ReviewOur AwardsLocations We ServeFinanceCovid-19 StatementTestimonials
© Copyrights Holliday Fielding Hocking 2015. All rights reserved. Website designed by Smartview Marketing