http://www.microdaq.com/shipping-policy
We use cookies on this website to improve your shopping experience. We use cookies to remember log-in details and provide secure log-in, collect statistics to optimize site functionality, and deliver content tailored to your interests.Click accept to give your consent to accept cookies and go directly to the site or click on more information to see detailed descriptions of the types of cookies we store.
Click Here To Learn About Cookie Settings...
Cookie Settings
Accept
Newsletter Signup
My Account |
Check Order Status |
My Cart |
Checkout |
Cookie preference |
Cookie Settings |
Log In |
Contact Us
Toll Free: 1-877-275-9606(603) 746-5524
Shopping cart item - $0.00
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Subtotal: $0.00
COVID-19 Update: MicroDAQ.com, Ltd. is open for business and assisting our customers to the best of our abilities during these unprecedented challenging times. Please read our updated COVID-19 Statement here.
Data LoggersBrowse by Measurement
Temperature
Thermocouple
Pressure
Air Quality
Bridge and Strain Gauge
Carbon Dioxide
Carbon Monoxide
Conductivity and Salinity
Light
Humidity
Current
Voltage
Water Level/Depth
Dissolved Oxygen
Energy & Power
Frequency
Pulse, Count and Event
Shock, Vibration and Acceleration
Voltage & Current
Power Quality
pH
Sound Level
Multifunction
Air Flow
State Change On/Off
Pasteurization
Browse by Manufacturer
AccuEnergy
ACR Systems
AEMC
Berlinger
Continental Control Systems
Dent Instruments
Emerson
Extech
Flir
Graphtec America
Lascar Electronics
LogTag Recorders
Measurement Computing Corp
Monarch Instrument
MSR Electronics
Onset Computer
Paragon Robotics
Reed Instruments
S3 Cases
Senonics
Sensaphone
Star-Oddi
Supco - Sealed Unit Parts Company
TandD
Telaire
Testo
VersaLog
United Security Products
Other Products
Data Acquisition
Weather Stations
Chart Recorders
Water Flow Meters
Calibrators
Infrared Thermometers
Hygrometers
Stroboscopes
Tachometers
Meters and Monitors
Thermocouples
Current Transformers
Panel Meter Displays
Miscellaneous Accessories
Batteries
Clamp Meters
Current Probes
Applications
Aerospace
Steam Sterilization
Automotive
Bed Bug Eradication
Bridge/Strain
Cannabis Cultivation
Cold Chain
Concrete
Dry Ice & Cryogenic
Energy
Environmental
Exhaust Temperature Monitoring
Food
Greenhouse/Growing
HVAC
Manufacturing
Medical
Museum and Art Preservation
Predictive Maintenance
Remote Monitoring
Shipping and Transportation
Vaccine Monitoring Kits for VFC
Warehouse
Weather
Vaccine Monitoring
Calibration
Software Downloads
Contact Us
Purchase Terms/Return Policy
Home
/
MicroDAQ.com Shipping Policy
MicroDAQ.com Shipping Policy
Shipping OptionsNOTE: All Shipping Times are Subject to Availabitlity of Stock.
For orders within the United States, the following options are available:
Flat Rate Shipping: 7-10 Business days based on your proximity to the state of New Hampshire.
FedEx Ground: 2-6 Business days based on your proximity to the state of New Hampshire.
FedEx 2 Day: 2 Business days to most areas within the United States. Order must be placed by 2:00pm Eastern Time for same-day shipping.
FedEx Standard Overnight: Next business day delivery to most areas within the United States. Order must be placed by 2:00pm Eastern Time for same-day shipping. Orders placed on Friday will be delivered on the next business day, Monday.
FedEx Saturday or FedEx Priority Overnight: Available for phone orders only. Please call 877-275-9606.
For international orders shipped outside of the United States, the following options are available:
FedEx International Economy: 4-7 business days to most locations.
FedEx International Priority: 2-4 business days to most locations.
DHL Shipping: Available for phone orders only. Please call 877-275-9606.
Important Shipping Notes:
MicroDAQ.com reserves the right to increase the shipping charge in cases where the shipment weighs more than usual (i.e. rain gauges, weather station equipment, etc.). In the event that this should be necessary, you will be contacted by a sales associate for your approval.
For orders outside of the United States customer is responsible for any and all customs charges, duties, fees and import taxes in customer's country. Check with your local customs office for possible charges. Failure to pay duties, taxes and fees does not constitute reason for return of product.
If you have any questions about your order, you can call us at 877-275-9606
My Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
An authorized stocking distributor of over 30 manufacturers of data logging, data acquisition and weather station products. We address the data logging and recording needs of the transportation, agricultural, pharmaceutical, HVAC/R, environmental, educational, scientific and industrial communities.
Contact Us
879 Maple Street
Contoocook, NH 03229 USA
Phone: 603-746-5524
Fax: 603-746-5384
Email Sales Department
Need Help
Our Support Team is just a click or call away!
Email Tech Support
Call: 603-746-5524
Company Resources
Request a Return
My Account
Order Status
About Us
Privacy Policy
Shipping Policy
Purchasing Terms
Open Box Specials
© 2020 MicroDAQ.com, Ltd.
All Rights Reserved.
Cookie Preferences
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Functional Cookies
More Information
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, usually in the form of cookies. This information does not usually identify you, but it does help companies to learn how their users are interacting with the site.
We respect your right to privacy, so you can choose not to accept some of these cookies. Choose from the different category headers to find out more and change your default settings.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are essential for the website to function and they cannot be turned off.   They are usually only set in response to actions made by you on the MicroDAQ.com website: Logging In, Adding Items to Your Cart or Filling in Forms. If you browse our website, you accept these cookies.
Cookies are Used By
Website and Store
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to keep track of how many people have visited our website, how they discovered us, and how they interact with the site. All the information used is aggregated, and completely anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we won’t know you have visited us.
Cookies are Used By
Google Analytics
Google Remarketing
Google Adwords
Bing
Facebook Pixel
Targeting Cookies
These cookies are placed on our site by our trusted third-party providers. They help us to personalise our adverts and provide services to our customers such as live chat.
Cookies are Used By
Live Chat
Google/Double Click
Functional Cookies
These cookies allow the provision of enhance functionality and personalization, such as videos and live chats. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these functionalities may not function properly.
Cookies are Used By
Live Chat
Allow All
Save Choice
video title
video content