http://www.ithaca.edu/its/general/policies/privacy/
Skip to main content
menu
Information Technology
Working Remote
Assess Your Needs
Considerations for Meetings
Resources
Home Internet
Getting Connected
Improving Internet Performance
I Want To...
Contact Us
Classroom Technology / Audio Visual Services
Information Security
IT@IC Tech Bar
Office 365 & Productivity Solutions
Project Management
Service Desk
System Status
Student Employment
Student IT Resources
Learning Remotely
Esports
Services
Computer Labs
Liaison Program
Loaner Program
Telephones and Voicemail
Teaching & Learning with Technology
About IT@IC
IC Technology Advisory Council
Information Technology Events
Our Units
Policies
Staff
Sustainability
Technology Renewal Program
Join our Team!
Quick Links
apps.ithaca.edu
Connect with us
facebook
instagram
twitter
Close Dialog
Click to Close Dialog
Title
Policy Acceptance
Members of the Ithaca College community must agree to abide by and be knowledgeable of certain policies for the good of the college. Failure to comply with these policies can be cause for disciplinary or judicial action. Other policies and laws govern behavior on campus. In general, if you wouldn't do something in the "real" world, don't do it in the "digital" world.
Data Backup Policy
Regular data backups are done on Ithaca College systems by IT for disaster recovery purposes only. This includes the email system and the data file system. Full backups of email and other data files are held only for a brief period of time, typically no more than one month.
Data Recovery Practice
At times IT receives individual requests to restore email and/or data stored on the network file storage systems. IT will try to honor these requests but can not guarantee that it will be possible.
Email Recovery
All users have the ability to recover deleted email messages for up to 14 days after deletion
For an additional 14 days, IT can attempt email recovery for faculty and staff with the approval of the requestor's supervisor.
Individual File Recovery
For faculty and staff file restore requests, IT will do what we can as quickly as practicable but can not guarantee the outcome.
Policies
Technology Use
The following policies are found in the Ithaca College Policy Manual Section 2.10
All College Computer and Network Use Policy (2.10.1)
Ithaca College Web Policy (2.10.2)
Wireless Network Policy (2.10.3)
Other
Cell Phone Policy
Higher Education Opportunity Act (HEOA) of 2008
Ithaca College Public Website Privacy Notice
Mass E-mail Communication Policy
Student Conduct Code
Website Comment Policy
Documents
Ithaca College Public Website Privacy Notice
All College Computer and Network Use Policy
Ithaca College Web Policy
Ithaca College Wireless Policy
Connect with us
facebook
instagram
twitter