http://www.brockport.edu/support/policies/student.php
Skip to main content
Home
College-Wide Policies
Student Policies
Main Page Content
All students enrolled at The College at Brockport are expected to adhere to College policies and procedures, including the Code of Student Conduct. Students receive an annual notification email at the start of each semester. Review the links below or use the search tool to review policies and learn more about your rights and responsibilities. Student policies are updated regularly; Refer to this Web page for the most recent version.
For questions regarding Student Policies, please contact the Office of the Vice President for Enrollment Management and Student Affairs at (585) 395-2137.
Academic departments may have policies for students enrolled in a program that are not included on this Web page. To review these policies, please visit the appropriate undergraduate or graduate program page or call the department.
HEA Student Consumer Information
- Student Right to Know Act
The Student Right-to-Know Act is a federal law that requires institutions that receive Title IV HEA student financial aid to collect, report and/or disclose graduation rates for full-time, first-time, and degree-seeking undergraduate students.
Campus Safety Report (Clery Act)
The Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act is a federal law that requires colleges and universities to disclose three years of crime statistics that occur on and around their campuses. This information is published in the annual Campus Safety Report.
HEOA Fire Safety Report
The Higher Education Opportunity Act (HEOA) expanded the Higher Education Act of 1965. In compliance with appropriate provisions of federal law, institutions maintaining on-campus student housing facilities must collect fire statistics, publish an annual Fire Safety Report, and keep a Fire Log.
2014 • 2015 • 2016 • 2017 • 2018 • 2019
Drug Free Schools and Communities Act
The Drug Free Schools and Communities Act Amendments of 1989 requires institutions who participate in federal student aid programs to provide information to its students, faculty, and staff concerning alcohol and drug prevention services, programs and policies and publication of the Biennial Review of High-Risk Drinking and Substance Abuse Prevention. In addition, this policy informs students of the implications for eligibility of financial aid when students are convicted of possession or sale of illegal drugs.
Statement of Non-Discrimination
Federal and state laws and regulations prohibit discrimination and harassment, including sexual harassment and sexual violence. These laws include Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 as Amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972, and the New York State Human Rights Law. For more information on accessing services or how to file a discrimination complaint, refer to:
Title IX
Student Accessibility Services
Office of Affirmative Action
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
FERPA protects the privacy of student education records, giving students the right to review their education records, seek to amend inaccurate information, and provide consent for the disclosure of their records.
Equity in Athletics Disclosure Act
Coeducational institutions of higher education that participate in a federal student aid program and have an intercollegiate athletics program are required to publish an annual Equity in Athletics report, containing participation rates, financial support, and other information on its men's and women's intercollegiate athletic programs. This report may be obtained from Brockport Athletics and also is available at http://ope.ed.gov/athletics.
College-Wide Policies
Student Policies
Find Policies
Search Policies
Policies Index by Title
Policies Index by Category
Policy Management Steering Committee
Roles & Responsibilities
College Senate
Policy Development
Resources
Policies Under Review
Ethics & Compliance
SUNY University-wide Policies & Procedures
Comments & Suggestions
About
Fast Facts
Directory
Location
History
Leadership
Diversity
Alumni & Friends
News
Accreditation
Accountability
Academics
Majors & Minors
Graduate Programs
Online Programs
Center for Graduate Studies
Study Abroad
Academic Calendar
Course Catalog
Course Schedule
Library
Schools & Departments
Career Planning
Academic Success Center
Registration & Records
Admissions & Aid
Request Info
Apply to Brockport
Accepted Students
Cost of Attendance
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Visit Us
Student Life
Campus Living
Student Activities
Orientation
Dining
University Police
Health & Counseling
Student Policies
Athletics
Facilities
Become A Golden Eagle
Fan Zone
Quicklinks
Search
Search
Submit Search
Close mobile navigation