http://www.wellcome.ac.uk/policy-and-advocacy
Cookies
Wellcome uses cookies to improve your experience. Find out more about cookies.
Manage preferences
Accept and close
Skip to main content
Policy and advocacy
Through campaigns and partnerships, Wellcome brings together people and resources from across society to get the most out of research. It’s how we make sure great ideas improve health, as quickly as possible, for everyone.
What we do
We focus on the world's biggest health challenges and supporting the best possible environment for researchers to thrive.
Our work with researchers and policy makers – as well as commercial, charitable and non-governmental organisations around the world – informs decisions about science and health, and provides strong evidence for coordinated global action.
Our work on coronavirus (COVID-19)
Coronavirus (Covid-19): supporting global research and developmentWe want to help the world overcome Covid-19. Research is the best way to save lives – but more investment in accessible treatments, tests and vaccines is urgently needed to change the course of the pandemic.
Areas we work in
Research culture: let's reimagine how we work together
Current practices prioritise outputs over people’s wellbeing. We want to help build a better research culture – one that is creative, inclusive and honest.
Drug-resistant infections: transforming the global response
The collective overuse of antibiotics has caused one of the most urgent health problems. We want to transform the world's response towards stemming the rise of drug-resistant infections.
Mental health: transforming research and treatments
The world is decades behind on mental health. We are leading a radical new approach to drive the science forward and improve people’s lives.
Vaccines: a world equipped to combat infectious disease
Vaccines prevent disease, save countless lives and cut healthcare costs. We want to help develop new vaccines and work out how to use the existing ones in a better way.
Our Planet, Our Health: responding to a changing world
Climate change, urban growth and unsustainable food systems threaten lives. Research evidence and new collaborations could protect and improve human and planetary health.
Epidemics: outsmarting deadly outbreaks
The human and economic cost of epidemics is unsustainable. Effective research and coordinated action stop outbreaks spiralling into global health emergencies.
Brexit and the EU
Knowledge and understanding don’t stop at borders. We're working with the UK government and others to achieve a Brexit settlement that allows research to thrive in the UK and Europe.
Snakebites: making treatments safe, effective and accessible
This is one of the world’s biggest hidden health crises. We want to transform the way snakebite treatments are researched and delivered to bring them into the 21st century.
Data for science and health: trustworthy data science
Artificial intelligence (AI) and data technologies are transforming research and healthcare. We want to make sure everyone benefits from health data innovation.
All our work
Latest reports and briefings
Report
10 August 2020
Updated 26 August 2020
Expanding access to monoclonal antibody-based products: a global call to action
[Summary] A roadmap to making lifesaving monoclonal antibody treatments affordable and available, particularly to those living in low- and middle-income countries.
Report
15 January 2020
Updated 5 February 2020
What researchers think about the culture they work in
[Summary] Perspectives on and experiences of research culture, based on a survey of more than 4,000 researchers in the UK and globally.
Report
24 May 2019
Updated 10 June 2020
Wellcome Global Monitor 2018
[Summary] The world’s largest study into how people around the world think and feel about science and major health challenges.
All our reports
For more about our policy work, browse our briefings and consultation responses.
Sign up to our policy and advocacy newsletter
Stay up to date with some of the biggest stories in global health, and how we're advocating to improve health for everyone, with our monthly email.
Thank you. If this is the first time you have subscribed to a newsletter from Wellcome, you will receive an email asking you to confirm your subscription.
Your email address
Error on the "Your email address" field.Please provide a valid email address.Error on the "Your email address" field.Please provide a valid email address.
I agree to receive this newsletter.
Error on the "I agree to receive this newsletter." field.Please check this box to agree to our terms and conditions.Error on the "I agree to receive this newsletter." field.Please check this box to agree to our terms and conditions.
Leave this field blank
We use a third party provider, Dotdigital, to deliver our newsletters. For information about how we handle your data, please read our privacy notice. You can unsubscribe at any time using links in the emails you receive.
Get newsletter