http://www.airi.org/about-airi/privacy
Privacy Policy
The Association of Independent Research Institutes (AIRI) maintains high standards for the protection of privacy over the Internet. The following policy statement explains how The Association of Independent Research Institutes protects the privacy of information transmitted over the Internet from its web-site visitors.
Generally, AIRI only obtains specific and individualized data about its website visitors when such information is supplied voluntarily, i.e., when web site visitors send e-mail, inquiries or make registrations from The Association of Independent Research Institutes. AIRI then uses the information for the purpose of fulfilling the visitors' requests. However, The Association of Independent Research Institutes gathers some generic information automatically, solely to help determine the success and usefulness of its websites. This generic information, which does not reveal the identity of the visitor, include: what web site the visitor visited, how much time people spend on various pages of the site, visitors' domain name types (.com, .org, etc.), and the originating web page of the visitor. AIRI uses this information to determine customer service needs. In the future, The Association of Independent Research Institutes may increase its technical abilities for gathering data about visitors in order to enhance the services offered to visitors and customers. This privacy policy will be periodically updated to reflect any such changes to AIRI practices.
The Association of Independent Research Institutes’ websites may employ "cookies". Cookies are small segments of text that are transmitted to a visitor's web browser and which store information on the visitor's hard drive. This information is later transmitted back to the server that originally sent it to the visitor upon a later visit to that site. Cookies allow servers to recall previous transactions to avoid repetition in data gathering. A visitor can configure their equipment hardware/software, usually with its browser to make notification when they receive a cookie. The visitor can refuse it.
AIRI will not sell or reveal information obtained about its visitors to anyone outside of The Association of Independent Research Institutes unless authorized by the visitor through the nature of their transaction, it is legally required, or such disclosure is required to protect the safety of employees, visitors, customers, or property. The Association of Independent Research Institutes does not send "junk" e-mail, also known as "spam". In certain instances, when AIRI wishes to contact members via e-mail, respond to messages, confirm registration, or transmit information requested by or of interest to a visitor, The Association of Independent Research Institutes will typically use e-mail. Any time a customer or visitor receives e-mail it does not want from AIRI, the customer can request that The Association of Independent Research Institutes not send further e-mail.
The Association of Independent Research Institutes has security measures in place for protecting data conveyed during a visitor's purchase with The Association of Independent Research Institutes. The Association of Independent Research Institutes’ employees, partners and subcontractors are required to protect the privacy of such data. AIRI wants its visitors and members to feel that their privacy will be protected when the visitor accesses their account or requests services from The Association of Independent Research Institutes on-line. AIRI denies any responsibility for the privacy protections or content offered by other sites to which The Association of Independent Research Institutes' websites may contain links.
Because The Association of Independent Research Institutes desires accuracy in the information it obtains and uses about its visitors and customers, The Association of Independent Research Institutes will attempt to verify its data and will ask its customers to notify it of any inaccuracies or mistakes of which they may become aware through their on-line account data.
© 2020 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.  Association of Independent Research Institutes (AIRI)    Sitemap  |  Privacy  |  Terms