http://www.geomodel.it/en/privacy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Versione italiana
The following statement sets out the privacy policy of GEOMODEL, as posted on his websites, with reference to the processing of the personal data of any site visitors and users.
The privacy statement is provided in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Code (see art. 13 of D. Lgs. n°196/2003), to the users of the online services accessed through the sites of GEOMODEL.
The statement is also inspired by Recommendation 2/2001 on certain minimum requirements for collecting personal data on-line in the European Union, and intended to identify the concrete measures to be put in place by the players concerned for ensuring that processing is fair and lawful, which was adopted on 17.05.2001 by the Working Party on the Protection of Individuals with regard to the Processing of Personal Data (set up in accordance with article 29 of Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data), comprising the representatives of the Data Protection Supervisory Authorities appointed by each Member State.
Data controller
The personal data of any identified or identifiable persons may be processed when visiting this website.
The data controller of personal data collected through this website is: GEOMODEL Mauro Scaggiante, via Abate Tommaso 78 – 30020 Quarto d'Altino (Venice) ITALY.
Place of processing
The websites www.geomodel.it and blog.geomodel.it may be visited without having to provide any personal details.
The personal information held by GEOMODEL is held on and processed by computers situated in our administrative headquarters at via Abate Tommaso 78 – 30020 Quarto d'Altino (Venice) ITALY.
All personal information is processed exclusively by technical staff specifically employed for this purpose and, occasionally, by maintenance personnel.
Types of processed data
Browsing data
The IT systems and software procedures used to operate this website routinely collect certain personal data of the site visitors, the transmission of which is implicit and automatically connected to the use of the Internet communication protocols.
This data is not collected for the purpose of being associated with any identified viewers, however, due to its nature it can enable the identification of the website users, when processed and associated with any other information held by third parties.
This class of data includes IP addresses or the domain names of the computers used by the website viewers, the URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) addresses of the accessed resources, the time of the request and the method used for submitting a request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the number code specifying the status of the server’s response, and other parameters relating to the user’s operating system and general IT environment.
This data is used solely for the purpose of collecting anonymous statistical information relating to the use of the site, and to provide feedback as to its proper operation. It may also be used to determine responsibility for any hypothetical computer offences committed against the website: except in the latter case, the personal data will be stored for no more than thirty days.
Data voluntarily provided by the user
The voluntary and explicit submission of personal data, via email, to the contact addresses given in this site will entail the subsequent acquisition of the sender’s address, in order for us to reply, and of any other personal data entered in any application or request form, or otherwise supplied by the site visitor or user.
Optional supply of data
Without prejudice to the privacy statements set out in the paragraph above on browsing data, users are free to supply their personal data for requesting information materials or in connection with other types of online services provided by GEOMODEL.
Failure to provide any personal data, however, may entail the impossibility to provide the requested service.
Data transmission
Personal data is electronically processed for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purpose for which it is collected. Specific security measures are observed to prevent the loss of any data, the illegal or improper use thereof and non-authorized access thereto.
Rights of the data subjects
Pursuant to article 7 of D.Lgs. 196/2003, a data subject is entitled to obtain, at any time, confirmation as to whether or not any personal data concerning him/her exists, to determine the accuracy thereof and/or to request the integration, updating, rectification or cancellation of the data.
Under the same article, a data subject is also entitled to request the erasure, anonymization or blocking of data that have been processed unlawfully, and to object to the processing thereof, on legitimate grounds.
Any requests made under the above mentioned article 7 of D.Lgs. 196/2003 must be addressed to GEOMODEL Mauro Scaggiante
by post: via Abate Tommaso 78, 30020 Quarto d'Altino (Venice) - Italy.
by e-mail: info@geomodel.it
PALEONTOLOGY
SCENOGRAPHY
SFX Special Effects
EXPO / PRESS
BLOG
HOME
WHERE WE ARE
SITE MAP
LINKS & PARTNERS
COPYRIGHT
PRIVACY
WEBSITE INFO
CREDITS
IT
EN
via Abate Tommaso, 7830020 Quarto d'AltinoVENICE - ITALYVAT n° 03072740271
Phone: (+39) 0422 1821507Fax: (+39) 0422 1836050Mobile: (+39) 334 5874719Email: info@geomodel.it
All images, text and data on this site are copyrighted. All rights reserved.