http://www.onu.edu/online-privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Online Privacy Statement
Breadcrumb
Home
Online Privacy Statement
Ohio Northern University has developed this privacy statement in order to explain our privacy practices related to information we collect on our websites. Ohio Northern University websites are developed in accordance with this privacy statement and adhere to the following sets of privacy principles. This statement applies to all information collected online through Ohio Northern University websites.
INFORMATION COLLECTED ONLINE
Navigation Information: Ohio Northern University gathers navigational information about where visitors go on our websites. This information allows us to see which areas of our websites are most visited and helps us improve the quality of your online experience by recognizing and delivering more of the most desired features and services. Additional non-personally identifiable information (for example, domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address) may also be collected, which will provide information regarding the general use of our websites.
Personally Identifiable Information: Personally identifiable information is requested from you when you use the services offered on our websites, such as applying online, joining Polar Bear Nation, scheduling campus visits, requesting information, submitting IT Help and Maintenance requests, updating your alumnus profile, donating online and when you contact us.
Categories of information collected online generally include your name, phone number(s), physical address, shipping address (if different), email address, credit and debit card information, and bank account information.
If you apply to Ohio Northern University, we will collect name, address, phone number(s), email address, gender, marital status, ethnicity, religious affiliation, social security number, date of birth, AIM Screen Name, high school information, GPA, standardized test scores, employment information, parent(s)’ name, address, email address, phone number(s), employment and education information.
When you provide or update your alumnus information, we will collect your name, address, phone number(s), email address, Ohio Northern University graduation year and degree information, employment information, spouse’s name, social security number, education and employment information, and any other information you choose to provide.
TREATMENT OF YOUR INFORMATION
Your information will be used to execute the immediate transaction and service(s) and for other business needs of Ohio Northern University related to the transaction or service. Ohio Northern University may use third party vendors to help us provide services to you, such as monitoring site activity, hosting the website, maintaining our database, administering and monitoring emails, processing credit card, debit card, and electronic check transactions, and processing employment and admissions applications. Otherwise, Ohio Northern University will not provide any of your personal information to third parties without your permission, and we will not sell any personal information to third parties for purposes of marketing, advertising or promotion.
Ohio Northern University may release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law or to protect the rights, property or safety of Ohio Northern University, our users, the websites or others.
INTERNATIONAL VISITORS
If you are visiting the Ohio Northern University websites from a location outside of the U.S., your connection will be through and to servers located in the U.S. All information you provide to the Ohio Northern University websites or information you provide in an Ohio Northern University application will be maintained in web servers and/or internal systems located within the U.S.
USE OF COOKIES
Some Ohio Northern University websites may be designed to follow the progress of your transaction by passing pieces of information to your web browser for storage and subsequent retrieval ("cookies"). A cookie is a file written to your computer's hard drive that is often used to remember information about preferences and pages you have visited. Also, if you submit personally identifiable information to our website (such as your name, interests, or preferences), we may use cookies to keep track of such information so that you will not need to reenter this information during subsequent visits. You may set your Internet browser preferences to notify you when you receive a cookie or you may decline acceptance of cookies. If you decline acceptance of cookies, however, you may experience less than optimal performance from our website.
CAUTION ON LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that Ohio Northern University is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. The user is encouraged to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects information about you. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the Ohio Northern University websites.
CONSENT
By conducting electronic commerce transactions on our website, you consent to Ohio Northern University's use and collection of the information you provide for the purposes of the transaction and other uses as specified in this statement.
NETWORK SECURITY
The information you provide to the website covered by this policy is protected in transit by using a network protocol called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). Through the use of SSL, information being transmitted is encrypted or scrambled to make it extremely difficult for anyone who intercepts the information to read it. To further protect your personal and financial information, Ohio Northern University has contracted with a certified Internet commerce transaction service provider responsible for managing the interactions between the University and its credit card processors. While we take these security measures on our websites, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible.
UPDATES TO PRIVACY STATEMENT
If Ohio Northern University's privacy guidelines change, such changes will be reflected on this page. By continuing to use our websites after a change is posted, you agree to the applicable version of these guidelines. Please refer to this policy before making a transaction or sharing personal information.
QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
If you have questions or concerns regarding our privacy practices, please feel free to contact the webmaster.
This privacy statement effective Dec. 1, 2008.
Main navigation Interior Page Sidebar
About
Academics
Admissions & Aid
Student Life
Distinctly ONU
Athletics
Search
Information for:
my.onu.edu
Alumni/Friends
Parents/Families
Directory
Request Info
Visit
Apply
Give
About
Toggle Accordion
Facts and Figures
President and Leadership
Trustees
Financial Affairs
University Advancement
Recognition of Excellence
Getting to Know Ada
Controller and Bursar
Human Resources
Leadership Searches
Academics
Toggle Accordion
Programs of Study
Academic Affairs
Honors Day
College of Arts & Sciences
College of Business
College of Engineering
College of Law
College of Pharmacy
Center for Interdisciplinary Studies
Institute for Civics and Public Policy
Student Success Center
Camps, Conferences, Workshops and Community Events
Registrar
Heterick Library
Taggart Library
Admissions & Aid
Toggle Accordion
Apply
Visit
Financial Aid
Undergraduate
Pharmacy
Transfer
Graduate
International–Degree and Exchange
College Credit Plus
Accepted Students
time to celebrate
Virtual Tour
Student Life
Toggle Accordion
Housing
Dining
Student Success Center
Polar Careers
Health and Wellness
Distinctly ONU
Athletics