http://www.csilmilano.com/info/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
At CSIL – Centre for Industrial Studies, we are committed to complying with any data protection regulations that may apply in processing personal data, including the GDPR. This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we obtain, how we may use that personal information, with whom we may share it and how you may exercise your rights regarding our processing of that information. The Privacy Policy also describes the measures we take to safeguard the personal information we obtain and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
1. Contact information
CSIL's administrator is
responsible for processing personal data at CSIL. These are our data and how
you can contact us:
CSIL, Centre for Industrial Studies
Corso Monforte 15, 20122
Milan ITALY
Tel: +39 02796630
Email: csil@csilmilano.com
2. Types of data we collect
and how we use it
We only use personal data
to the extent permitted by law. Depending on your relationship with us and the
channels used to collect personal data, our use of such data will differ.
Website Cookies
A cookie is a small file which is placed on the
user's hard drive following a visit to csilmilano.com. This file subsequently
allows the user to move quickly and easily around our site by keeping a record
of your previous visit(s). Cookies in use at the CSIL's websites are not
associated with any personal data about that visitor.
Cookies can be deleted from a PC's hard drive at
any time by the user. Further information on the use of cookies can be found on http://cookiecentral.com
Google Analytics
When
someone visits www.csilmilano.com we use a third party service, Google
Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor
behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of
visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed
in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make and do not allow Google
to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Mailing Lists
As
part of the registration process for our newsletter, we collect personal
information. We use that information to send updates about our activities, to
contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; and to
check our records are right.
We
do not rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We
use a third-party provider, Mailup, to deliver our newsletter and e-surveys. We
gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard
technologies to help us monitor and improve our newsletter. For more
information, please see Mailup's privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by
clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing
CSIL's administrator csil@csilmilano.com
Surveys
If you take part to
interviews or surveys managed by us or which were contracted out to third
parties, we process your personal data based on a contract, your consent or our
legitimate interest:
• to build databases of stakeholders as a part of our project contracts,
• for analysis.
We may anonymise or aggregate
personal information and use it for the purposes described in the Survey
description and for other purposes to the extent permitted by applicable law.
We will not use your personal data unless you authorise us to do so. We also
may use personal information for additional purposes that we specify at the
time of collection. We will obtain your consent for these additional uses to
the extent required by applicable law.
We
use a third-party provider, Survey
Monkey for managing surveys and other consultation. For more information,
please see Survey Monkey's privacy notice.
Use of personal data of job applicants and
consultants
The provision of your
personal data is necessary to be able to assess your application, to offer you
a job or to participate in a project or contract. If you apply to us, we will
process your data as an applicant:
• For handling and evaluation of your (job) applications in the context
of the pre-contractual relationship and for the administrative duties required
by the management of your contract.
• To maintain a database of experts. Keeping a database allows us to
contact you later for a job or contract opportunity arising from a specific
project. If you do not wish to be included in the recruitment reserve, you may
let us know by contacting us via any of the means indicated at the beginning of
the privacy policy.
3. Consenting to Data
processing
As a general principle, you will provide us with your
personal data entirely voluntarily; there are generally no detrimental effects
for you if you choose not to consent or to provide personal data. However,
there are circumstances in which CSIL cannot take action without certain of
your personal data, for example, because this personal data is required to
process your instructions or orders, provide you with access to an e-survey or
newsletter or to carry out a legally required compliance screening. In these
cases, it will unfortunately not be possible for us to provide you with what
you request without the relevant personal data and we will notify you
accordingly.
4.	Processing methods
We store personal data in electronic
archives and, on a residual basis, on paper. The processing of personal data is
carried out in compliance with the principles of the GDPR.
5.	How we share information
We may share information
about you with those managing and maintaining our information system, with
other consultants and professionals who support us carrying out the purposes
mentioned above, and for the fulfilment of legal and fiscal obligations.
We do not sell or
otherwise disclose personal information about you.
We may share your data
with Third Parties with your consent or as necessary for the performance of a
contract to which you are a party or to take steps, at your request, before
entering into an agreement.
When we share your data
with the third parties, CSIL will ensure that the data is only processed
according to our specific instructions and that the same standards of
confidentiality and security are maintained.
We also may disclose
personal information:
if we are required or permitted to do so by applicable law, regulation or
legal process;
to law enforcement authorities or other government officials to comply
with a legitimate legal request;
when we believe disclosure is necessary to prevent physical harm or
financial;
to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights, and
in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraud, illegal
activity, security or technical issues.
6.	Storing and transferring personal data outside the EEA
Data
are processed within the European Economic Area (EEA), as our main external
suppliers are based in Italy and the EU. However, should we need to use
services from external third parties based outside the European Economic Area
(EEA), involving the transfer of data outside the EEA, we will ensure a similar
degree of protection is afforded to it by implementing safeguards.
7.	Data retention
Your personal data will be deleted when it is no longer
reasonably required for the Permitted Purposes, or you withdraw your consent
(where applicable), and we are not legally required or otherwise permitted to
continue storing such data.
In some circumstances, we may anonymize your data (so that it
can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in
which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to
you.
8.	Security
We take appropriate technical and organisational measures to
keep your personal data confidential and secure in accordance with our internal
procedures covering the storage, disclosure of and access to personal data. We
maintain a system of appropriate administrative, physical and technical
safeguards to secure such information. We have made a contractual arrangement
with our third party service providers which require them to take appropriate
security measures to ensure the confidentiality and security of your personal
data and process your data for specified purposes only and in accordance with
our instructions and comply with applicable privacy laws.
9.	Data subject rights
Under GDPR,
you are entitled to exercise the following rights:
Right of
Access. You have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not
personal data concerning you are processed, and, where that is the case, you
have the right to request and get access to that personal data.
Right to
Rectification. You have the right to obtain from us the rectification of
inaccurate personal data and you have the right to provide additional personal
data to complete any incomplete personal data.
Right to
Erasure (“Right to be Forgotten”). In certain cases, you have the right to
obtain from us the erasure of your personal data.
Right to
Restriction of Processing. You have the right to obtain from us restriction of
processing, applicable for a certain period and/or for certain situations.
Right to
Data Portability. You have the right to receive from us in a structured format
your personal data and you have the right to (let) transmit such personal data
to another controller.
Right to
Object. In certain cases, you have the right to object to the processing of
your personal data, including with regards to profiling. You have the right to
object at further processing of your personal data in so far as such data have
been collected for direct marketing purposes.
Right to be
Not Subject to Automated Individual Decision-Making. You have the right to not
be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing.
Right to
Filing Complaints. You have the right to file complaints with the applicable
data protection authority on our processing of your personal data.
You may file your request by sending an e-mail to csil@csilmilano.com or writing us to our address
CSIL, Centre for
Industrial Studies
Corso Monforte 15, 20122
Milan ITALY
Responses to requests shall normally be made within
one month of receipt, however this may be extended if the request is complex
and/or numerous requests are made.
10.	Amendments
This Privacy Policy was last updated on October 2018. We
reserve the right to update and change this Privacy Policy from time to time in
order to reflect any changes to the way in which we process your personal data
or changing legal requirements. In case of any such changes, we will post the
changed Privacy Policy on our website or publish it otherwise. The changes will
take effect as soon as they are posted on this website.
FOLLOW US
Twitter
Linkedin
Facebook
YouTube
Google+
SERVICES
Cost Benefit Analysis and Project Appraisal
Evaluation and Impact Assessment
Policy Analysis and Formulation
Industrial Studies and Forecasting
Market Research and Customer Satisfaction
Training and Study Tours
Business Consulting
MORE
About Us
Contact Us
Site map
Privacy Policy
www.worldfurnitureonline.com
lighting.csilmilano.com
www.csilmilano.it
© Copyright CSIL Milano scrl. All rights reserved. CSIL Centre for Industrial Studies. Corso Monforte, 15, 20122 Milano Italy