http://www.californiawolfcenter.org/privacy-policy
Cart
0
Sign In
My Account
Visit
Learn
Support Wolves
News & Events
About
Blog
Shop
Donate
Back to Top
Become a Member
Contact
Back
Visit
Julian Visitor Center
Wolf Tours
Meet Our Wolves
Back
Learn About Wolves
Wolf Facts
Biodiversity
Wolves in the USA
Wolves in California
Wildlife Handling Course
Webcam
Back
Support Wolves
Donate
Membership
Sponsor a Wolf
Tribute
Back
News & Events
Annual Fundraiser
News
Back
About
Our Mission
Wolf Conservation
Staff and Board Members
Partnerships
Contact Us
Get Involved
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: 8/24/2020
Julian Center for Science and Education, DBA California Wolf Center (“Wolf Center”, “CWC”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) appreciates your support and understands the importance of maintaining your privacy. This Privacy Policy is to help you understand what type of information we collect about you, why we collect it, and how we use or disclose it.
We also want to make sure you know your rights regarding our collection, use, processing, and disclosure of that information. This policy applies to information collected by californiawolfcenter.org (the “Site”). Use of this site acknowledges that you have read and agree to this policy.
The California Wolf Center collects, retains, and uses the information you provide to facilitate certain features of our site or receive requested information or services. If you do submit personally identifiable information (PII) to us, we will use that information for the purposes for which it was submitted. We may also use your information in other ways, such as to contact you about other activities and/or fundraising campaigns or as otherwise disclosed to you at the point of collection.
The CWC will not give, share or sell the personal information you provide to us online and utilize the data as described in this Privacy Policy, or as may be necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of our organization or others, or to comply with applicable law. To this end, you may choose to participate and provide personally identifiable information situations such as the following:
E-MAIL NEWSLETTER
We collect names and email addresses if you elect to sign up for our mailing list. We do not share this information with third parties. There is an unsubscribe link in each communication.
DONOR, PROGRAM PARTICIPANT, AND CUSTOMER INFORMATION
We request, collect, and retain certain information necessary to verify your identity, prevent fraud and process your requested donation, purchase, or program, and event registration. This could include your name, email address, billing address, phone number, donation and/or purchase amount, and other personally identifiable information you share with us.
Your personal information will be added to our donor database and you may be contacted about other California Wolf Center programs, events, action alerts and fundraising campaigns. Credit card information is detailed below. Donor, participant, or customer information is not sold, rented, or traded to others.
PAYMENT TRANSACTION INFORMATION
If you donate or make a purchase through our site using a credit card, your credit card information is processed by our third-party payment processor. Credit card transaction data is collected, transmitted, and retained in line with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards. Submitted personal information is used to verify your identity and to complete your requested transaction. We do not retain information about your online payment transactions other than the last four digits of your credit card and transaction information, such as the date and the amount.
This information is not sold, rented, or traded to others. If you are making a donation, the credit card information that you provide at the time of donation is used only to process your donation and will not be used by us for any other purposes. For recurring donations, the credit card details are stored with the merchant provider and can be cancelled at any time by using the contact information in this policy.
WEBSITE AND DATA SECURITY
Our website utilizes industry standard security technology that is designed to protect the sensitive information that is under our control. While we follow accepted industry standards and have robust security controls in place to protect the personal information submitted to us, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is completely secure. The personal data that you provide to us is generally stored on secured servers located in the United States. If you are located in another jurisdiction, you should be aware that once your Personal Data is submitted through our Site, it will be transferred to our servers in the United States and that the United States currently does not have uniform data protection laws in place.
WEBSITE USAGE
We request, collect and retain certain information when you register for a program or event, subscribe to our mailing lists, respond to surveys, post comments to our website pages, social media sites, or use other features of our Site. This includes your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and other personally identifiable information you share with us. By submitting such information to us, you give us permission to post it in the designated area on our website, edit it, or remove it if we deem that the content is not appropriate or is outdated. To protect your privacy, please do not include any identifying information when submitting comments to our blog, social media, or other pages that allow outside contribution.
ONLINE COMMUNICATION
Sometimes we collect and/or retain information when you communicate with us online, which may include your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and other personally identifiable information you share with us. The above information is collected and processed, based on your consent, to fulfill your purchases and/or donations, event registrations, or other legitimate purposes.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information that we collect through our Site helps us to operate and develop our Site and better understand our users’ needs so that we can continually improve the Site. For example, we may use your information for the following reasons:
To send you surveys, mail, or e-mail messages about California Wolf Center projects, events, products, services, features on the Site, customer service issues, or promotions from us or any of our affiliates or partners.
To process and respond to your questions and other inquiries.
For the purposes for which you provided the information, such as processing credit cards, donations, memberships and renewals, and reservations for visits, programs or events, purchasing merchandise, and receiving information about any of our locations, programs, or events.
To personalize the content and improve the navigability of the Site.
To conduct surveys to measure your satisfaction with our Site.
To enforce our Terms of Use.
We keep your information as long as necessary to accomplish the specific uses described in this policy. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no requirement that we keep it, we will delete it or depersonalize it.
WEBSITE LOG DATA
When you visit or use any website, including our Site, your browser or mobile device creates information, which is logged. This data may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser/system versions and settings, the date and time, how you used the Site, cookie data, and specific device data. We use third parties to collect, retain, evaluate and make available to us this information when you visit our Site. We use this information to maintain and monitor the Site, including its availability, functionality, speed and security to make the Site more user-friendly and to improve your experience when you visit it.
COOKIES
We use cookies to improve our Site, auto-populate preferences and settings, and collect analytic data. For example, if cookies are enabled on your device, they can be used to auto-populate certain information fields. You do not have to accept our cookies and can block them by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse all or some cookies. You may also delete them after they have been placed on your hard drive. If you do not accept or delete our cookies, some areas of the Site that you access may take more time to work or may not function properly.
We may also use web analytics services provided by Google, Inc. and other third-parties to help us analyze how our users interact with the Site and to measure the effectiveness of our Site, including any advertising on the Site. Such web analytics service providers often use Web beacons and cookies to collect information such as your IP address, the number of visitors on our Site, the number of web pages viewed by our users, and other similar information. This information is transmitted to, and stored by, our web analytics service providers on their servers and used for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
This information helps us learn things like user preferences, how to improve our Site, and what kinds of offers our users like to see. Our web analytics service providers may also transfer this information to third-parties when required to do so by law, or when such third-parties process the information on their behalf. Our web analytics service providers will not associate your IP address with any other data held by them. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by our web analytics service providers in the manner and for the purposes set forth above. For more information about Google Analytics' privacy practices, please visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html.
You can control cookies and other automatic data collection and storage through your browser and/or mobile device settings. Please check with your browser or device manufacturer on how to disable cookies.
INFORMATION FROM THIRD PARTIES
We sometimes collect information about you, including personal information, from third parties we work with or through publicly available sources. We may combine that information with other information we collect through the Site or that you voluntarily provide or authorize us to obtain. We do not have any control over the third parties that provide us with your information, including how they collect, process or disclose your personal data.
There are certain limited circumstances in which we may share certain user information with third-parties. For example:
We may provide user information to service providers to help us bring you the services we offer. For example, we may use third-parties to (a) host the Site (or any portion thereof) or any databases containing user information at a co-location facility for servers, (b) send out e-mail updates about the California Wolf Center and/or the Site, (c) remove repetitive information from our database, (d) process credit card payments and other forms of payments for products or services, or (e) answer your request for information. In connection with these offerings and business operations, our service providers may have access to your Personal Information for use for a limited time in connection with these business activities. When we utilize third-parties for the processing of any Personal Information, we implement reasonable contractual and technical protections limiting the use of that information for specified purposes.
Some of the information we collect is provided, in aggregate form only, to our service partners solely for purposes of helping such service partners improve their services, not for the purposes of marketing to our users or members.
If we choose at any time to include advertisements on the Site, we may provide to our Ad-Serving Partners non-personally identifiable information that you submit when you register with us as a member or that we collect as you interact with the Site (such as your IP address), but we would never provide those Ad-Serving Partners with any personally identifiable information about you. We would do this so that our Ad-Serving Partners can personalize advertisements and promotions for you.
Subject to your right to opt-out of receiving promotional communications from our partners, we may provide your name, physical address, and/or e-mail address to those partners that offer products or services that we believe may interest you.
We may offer stores or provide services jointly with other companies on the Site. You can tell when another company is involved in any store or service provided on the Site, and we may share customer information with that company in connection with your use of that store or service.
If we sell or transfer assets or portions of our business in the future, or if we experience a change in control, reorganization or liquidation of our company, we may transfer any information we have collected from our users to our successor or buyer, subject to this Privacy Policy.
We may be required to disclose user information pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. However, we do not reveal information until we have a good faith belief that an information request by law enforcement or private litigants meets applicable legal standards. We may also share user information when we believe it is necessary to comply with law, to protect our legal rights, interests, or property, to protect the rights, property, or safety of our users or the public against harm, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Site or using the Wolf Center name, to prevent imminent bodily harm, or if we in good faith believe it is appropriate to cooperate in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity in which you may be involved (or are reasonably suspected to be involved), even without a subpoena, warrant or court order. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents or government agencies.
All third-parties to whom we disclose user information are obligated by applicable law to protect the privacy of certain information that we provide to them; however, we are not responsible for their actions or omissions, including the manner in which they use information that they receive from us. Nevertheless, if you feel that any of our partners, Ad-Serving Partners, or any third-party who claims association with the Wolf Center is improperly collecting or using information about you, we urge you to contact them directly and also to inform us by e-mailing us at privacy@californiawolfcenter.org.
EXTERNAL SITE LINKS
Our Site may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for other websites’ content, cookies, or privacy policies. Please be aware when you leave our Site and read the privacy policies of these other websites, which may collect your personally identifiable information.
PHISHING
The California Wolf Center will not request your user ID or any national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. However, the California Wolf Center may e-mail or phone you for information necessary to process your credit card payment or respond to your request if you have not provided accurate or complete information through the Site. Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to the Wolf Center. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is our priority. For more information about phishing, you may want to visit the Federal Trade Commission's website at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/alerts/alt127.shtm.
OPTING OUT
You have choices about how we collect, use or disclose your data. We want to send you only the communications to which you have agreed. If any of the information that we have about you is incorrect, you would like to stop receiving email from us, or you wish to have information (including Personal Data) removed from our records please contact us by mail, phone, or email:
California Wolf Center
P.O. Box 1389
Julian, CA 92036
(760) 765-0030
privacy@californiawolfcenter.org
If you prefer not to receive mailing list or other email messages from us, please let us know by clicking on the unsubscribe link within any message that you receive or by managing your email preferences here.
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY
California Wolf Center does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us. No one under the age of 13 may provide any Personal Information to the California Wolf Center. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at privacy@californiawolfcenter.org.
We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES
The California Wolf Center reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on our Websites. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on our Websites. Therefore, it is important that you periodically review this Privacy Notice. If you continue to use our Site after changes go into effect, you agree to the new policy. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice or ask for your consent, if required by law. The California Wolf Center may contact you in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us at:
California Wolf Center
P.O. Box 1389
Julian, CA 92036
(760) 765-0030
privacy@californiawolfcenter.org