https://www.uregina.ca/contact/privacy-legal/
Notice: Information and plans for upcoming academic terms.
Learn more.
U of R Home
Emergency Info
Directories
Library
UR Self-Service
UR Courses
Webmail
Academic Calendars & Schedules
Find a Person
Search Classes & Build Schedule
Web Privacy and Legal Disclaimer
Contact the U of R
Campus Maps & Directions
Website Feedback Form
Web Privacy and Legal Disclaimer
U of R Home >
Contact Us Home
>
Web Privacy and Legal Disclaimer
Quick Links
Glenys Sylvestre, FCPA, FCA, C.Dir. Executive Director, Governance and University Secretary
University's Privacy and Access to Information
Web Privacy and Legal Disclaimer
The University of Regina web site consists of the material provided under the uregina.ca domain (e.g., http://www.uregina.ca) and several hundred subdomains (hereinafter referred to collectively as the "Site").
Your access to and use of the Site shall be governed by the following Terms of Use. The University of Regina reserves the right to amend these Terms of Use at any time without notice.
All material provided on the Site is intended for educational or informational purposes only and should not be used to replace either official documents (except where the material on the Site is explicitly identified as comprising the official version of a document), nor the advice of a qualified professional.
(a) Copyright Notice
Copyright © 2011-2020 The University of Regina. All rights reserved.
Information on the Site was produced by the University of Regina, unless otherwise noted, for the purpose of providing University of Regina faculty, staff and students, and the public with information about the programs and services of the University.
The materials presented on this Site are covered by the Copyright Act, Canadian laws, policies and regulations and international agreements.
(b) Non-commercial Reproduction
The information posted on the Site is posted for the use of the University community and the public for personal or non-commercial use. The information may be reproduced, in whole or in part, and by any means, without charge or the need to seek permission, unless otherwise specified.
Those using information from the Site are required to take the following actions:
Exercise proper due diligence in an effort to ensure the accuracy of the material that is being reproduced;
Ensure that the material is properly cited by title and source; and
Indicate that the copy is a reproduction of materials of the University of Regina and that the reproduction has not been produced in affiliation with the University of Regina or with the endorsement of the University of Regina.
(c) Commercial Reproduction
Any reproduction of materials on the Site for commercial purposes is prohibited except with the prior written permission of the University of Regina. Written permission may be sought by contacting the University Secretariat at the following address:
University of Regina University Secretariat AH 509 – 3737 Wascana Parkway Regina, SK S4S 0A2 Tel: 306-585-5545 Fax: 306-585-5255 E-mail: glenys.sylvestre@uregina.ca
(d) No Advice or Warranties
You shall be fully responsible for any consequences resulting from your use of the Site. The University of Regina and its faculties, colleges, schools, departments, faculty members, agents, officers or employees (collectively the “University") does not guarantee the quality, accuracy, completeness or reliability of any of the information, content or advertisements (collectively the “Information") displayed, contained on, distributed through, or linked, downloaded or accessed from the Site, nor the quality of any products, information or other materials displayed, purchased, obtained or used by you as a result of the Information in connection with the Site. While efforts are made to verify the information provided, the Site may contain typographical or other errors and should not be assumed to be error free. Furthermore, some Information on the Site has been provided by third parties and has not necessarily been verified by the University.
You hereby acknowledge that any reliance upon any Information shall be at your sole risk. The University reserves the right, in its sole discretion without any obligation, to make improvements to, or correct any errors or omissions in any part of the Site or the Information.
The Information and the Site are provided by the University on an "as is" basis, and the University expressly disclaims any and all warranties expressed or implied including without limitation any warranties for fitness for a particular purpose with respect to the Information or the Site. In no event shall the University be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential damages or any other damages whatsoever and howsoever caused arising out of or in connection with the use of the Site or in reliance on the Information, including the loss of use, lost data, lost business profits, business interruption, personal injury, or any other personal or pecuniary loss, whether the action is in contract, tort (including negligence) or other tortious action.
(e) No Endorsement
Links are provided as a convenience and for information only. Providing a link to an external site does not constitute an endorsement or approval by the University of any of the services, products or opinions expressed of the organization, corporation or individual maintained in the linked website. The University bears no responsibility for the accuracy, legality or content of the external site or for that of subsequent links. In providing links to other sites, the University is not acting as a publisher or disseminator of the material contained on these other sites and does not seek to control the content of, or maintain any type of editorial control over, such sites.
A link to another site should not be construed to mean that the University is associated with or is legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyrighted symbol that may be reflected in the link or the description of the link to such other sites. In addition, the mention of another party or its product or services on the Site should not be construed as an endorsement of that party or its product or service.
(f) Trade Marks
Certain words, phrases, names, designs or logos used on the Site may constitute trade marks, official marks, service marks or trade names of the University or other entities. The display of any such marks or names on the Site does not imply that the University or other entities have granted a license or authorization of any kind to use such marks or names.
(g) Submissions
All information submitted to the University via the Site shall be deemed and remain the property of the University, and the University shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, know-how or other techniques contained in information provided to the University through the Site or sent through e-mail, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the University. Furthermore, the University shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding any such information submitted to it unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the University.
The Internet is not a secure medium and privacy cannot be ensured. Internet e-mail is vulnerable to interception and forgery. The University will not be responsible for any damages you or any third party may suffer as a result of the transmission of confidential information that you make to the University through the Internet, or that you expressly or implicitly authorize the University to make, or for any errors or any changes made to any transmitted information.
(h) Privacy
Your use of and access to this Site is subject to the University’s Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Policy.
This Site does not automatically gather any personal information from you unless you provide it to the University voluntarily through contacting us via e-mail, or through your completing and submitting an online form. Personal information (such as name, address, phone number, e-mail address) obtained from users of this Site is collected, managed, used and disclosed by the University pursuant to The Local Authority Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (Saskatchewan). This means that, at the point of collection, you will be informed that your personal information is being collected, the purpose for which it is being collected, and that you have a right of access to the information.
The Site may contain links to other websites. The University is not responsible for the content and the privacy practices of other websites and you are encouraged to examine each website's privacy policy and disclaimers.
If you should choose to provide us with personal information—as in an e-mail or by filling out a form and submitting it to us through the Site —we will use that information to respond to your message and to help us get the information you have requested. The University does not collect personal information for commercial marketing or distribution to any private organizations.
Messages sent via the Internet can be intercepted. If you are concerned about sending your personal information to us via the Internet, you can use another method such as fax or regular mail.
(i) Information collected automatically via the Site
This Site logs http and https requests. Unless otherwise noted we make no attempt to link the information captured to the identity of individuals. The information captured does identify the following:
The Internet domain and IP address from which you access the Site;
The type of browser and operating system used to access the Site;
The screen resolution of your monitor;
The date and time you access the Site;
The pages you visit; and
If you link to this Site from another website, the address of that website.
This information is not disclosed to anyone except University personnel who require such information for legitimate business purposes.
(j) Cookies
The Site uses cookies to track how visitors use the Site. If you are concerned about the use of cookies, you can refer to the help information in your browser software for information on how to disable cookies. If you wish to delete cookies from your machine, consult your browser’s help files for instructions on how to do so.
(k) Security
For this site's security, the University of Regina employs software programs to monitor network traffic that identifies unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users.
(l) Site links
When moving from the Site to any linked website please ensure you review the privacy notification of that website as this notification applies only to this Site.
(m) Access and Interference
In using the Site, you agree that you will not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site. You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to impose an "unreasonable or disproportionately large load" on the University’s infrastructure. An "unreasonable or disproportionately large load" is one that prevents other members of the University community from gaining fair and equitable access to web-based systems and resources.
(n) Computer Viruses
While every effort is made to ensure that all information provided on the Site does not contain computer viruses, you should take reasonable and appropriate precautions to scan for computer viruses and should ensure that you have a complete and current backup of the applicable items or information contained on your computer system. You should pay specific attention to some of the newer viruses that have been written to automatically execute when an infected word processing document is loaded into certain word processing programs.
(o) Choice of Law
The laws of the Province of Saskatchewan and the laws of Canada applicable therein shall govern as to the interpretation, validity and effect of this document, notwithstanding any conflict of laws provisions of your domicile, residence or physical location. You hereby consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Saskatchewan in any action or proceeding instituted under or related to your use of the Information or the Site.
Privacy & Legal
Contact U of R
Campus Maps
U of R Home
A-Z Index
For Faculty and Staff
City of Regina
© 2011-2020 University of Regina