http://www.spur.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Please read this policy to understand how we will treat the personal information that you give to us. Our privacy procedures include the following: We disclose our privacy policies and procedures in this document. We may share your personally identifiable information to third parties. For our policy on and relationship with third party vendors, please see Forms and purchases below. SPUR shares aggregate information about web users and web usage with SPUR contractors who help us shape web content to user interests and otherwise improve our web site. SPUR may occasionally make portions of our email and address list available to other community organizations. We allow all users to opt out at any time from receiving email messages and other electronic communications from SPUR. Because this policy may change over time as we modify or expand our service, we suggest that you check back from time to time in order to understand how we treat your information. We respect your right to privacy. The privacy policy below describes the measures taken by us to protect your privacy in connection with your use of our site. You can visit most portions of www.spur.org without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. The only information we collect from a normal web site visit is the name of your internet service provider, the browser and type of machine you are using, the web site, social media site or email that referred you to us, the pages you request and the date and time you request them. We use this information to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of the SPUR site to our visitors. What personally identifiable information do we collect, and when do we collect it? How do we use your personally identifiable information? With whom do we share your personally identifiable information? What are your options to control the use of your personally identifiable information? How can I update my profile? What about kids’ personally identifiable information? Links to other sites Changes to this privacy policy Contact Acceptance of privacy policy Effective Date What personally identifiable information do we collect, and when do we collect it? Forms and purchases: We may collect, your contact information (e.g., your email address, mailing address and telephone number) and necessary financial information (i.e., your credit card number). We use third parties to accept and process credit card payments for payments and donations made on our site. IP address: An Internet Protocol (“IP”) address is a unique string of numbers that is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. We will use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our site. Your IP address also may be used to gather broad demographic information. Cookies: A “cookie” is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain web sites. We use cookies to collect, store and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the services we provide. If you are a registered user, we will use a cookie to save your settings and to provide customizable and personalized services. These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your personally identifiable information. Additionally be aware that if you visit other sites, even links from www.spur.org, you may be required to accept cookies. We do not control the use of cookies on any other site and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them. How do we use your personally identifiable information? Customized experience: We gather personally identifiable information to provide you with a customized experience. SPUR use your personal information to maintain consistent contact with you, provide you with necessary program information and design your rotation to match your interests. Email: If you register on our site, from time to time we will send you email messages informing you of special events or services. Our newsletters may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the newsletters, whether an email was opened and/or what links (if any) were clicked. Included in these emails will be an option to allow you to opt out and thus be removed from the email list. With whom do we share your personally identifiable information? Our member, donor and participant database is provided by Salesforce. Salesforce has access to donor information only for the purposes of maintaining the integrity and security of that database. We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties (including entities that perform services for us, such as credit card payments, that either are bound to comply with our privacy policy or have privacy policies of their own that protect your information) unless you have opted out to such sharing. We may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process served on us; (2) protect or defend our right or property; or (3) act in an emergency to protect someone’s safety. We may gather demographic information from you from time to time. We will not share this information with any other person or entity in a manner that identifies you as an individual, unless we let you know at the time of collection or we have your permission. When we share demographic information with third parties, we will give them aggregate information only. What are your options to control the use of your personally identifiable information? We DO have an option to NOT receive SPUR email communications. If you are enrolled or have chosen to sign up for email communications, you will receive mass emails from us, but you will have the choice to opt out after the initial contact. How can you update your profile? You can help us maintain the accuracy of your profile by notifying us when you change your address, title, phone number or email address. If at any time you wish to update your information, please contact us in writing (see Contact section below) to be removed or have your information changed. What about kids’ personally identifiable information? Our site is not aimed at anyone under the age of 18. We assume purchases through credit cards are purchased by adults. We don’t track anyone who is not a registered SPUR participant, donor or partner. What else should you know about your privacy? Links to other sites Our site has links to other internet sites not maintained by SPUR. We do not control, operate or endorse in any respect information, products or services on such third-party sites, and we are not responsible for their content. Many third-party sites have their own privacy policies that may be different from ours. This privacy policy only covers our site and does not cover any other site. While we make every effort to keep your information secure, we do not control the policies of other sites. Changes to this privacy policy We may make changes to our privacy policy from time to time. Please check the revision date below to determine if the policy has been modified since you last reviewed it. Contact We would like to receive your comments and questions about this privacy policy and any other matter you have regarding our site, including how to review information and/or request corrections. Please address comments to us via email or postal mail. You can contact us at info@spur.org or 415-781-8726. You may contact us by mail at: Privacy Policy Information SPUR 654 Mission St. San Francisco, CA 94105
Acceptance of privacy policy Your use of this site, including any dispute concerning privacy, is subject to this privacy policy. BY USING THIS SITE YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRACTICES SET OUT IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time by posting the changes on this page. Please check the revision date below to determine if the policy has been modified since you last reviewed it. Your continued use of any portion of our site following posting of the updated privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes. Effective Date This privacy policy was last revised on June 4, 2019.