http://www.genedx.com/privacy
Home
At GeneDx, Inc., a subsidiary of Bio-Reference Laboratories, Inc., we take our responsibility to protect patient rights very seriously. Therefore, we put great emphasis on protecting the privacy and security of the patient data that we handle daily, as required by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), the Health Information Technology Act (HITECH) regulations and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This is especially important in this age of increased automation of electronic health information.
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) mandates that health care providers maintain the confidentiality of patients’ personal health information, which includes both medical information and individually identifiable information about any patient, such as address, phone number or Social Security number that could reveal the person’s identity. GeneDx, Inc. prohibits the unauthorized disclosure of such information except as required by law.
To help you understand your privacy rights as a patient and to protect your information, we have posted links below to BRLI’s Notice of Privacy Practices and to various forms.
Notice of Privacy Practices (English)
Notice of Privacy Practices (Spanish)
Notice of Privacy Practices (Chinese)
Non-Discrimination Notice and Interpreter Services
Online Privacy Policy
Patient Access Request (English)
Patient Access Request (Spanish)
Authorization to Disclose to Third Party (English)
Authorization to Disclose to Third Party (Spanish)
If you have any further questions about the confidentiality of health information, please contact the Privacy Office by email Privacy@bioreference.com or:
Privacy Office
BioReference Laboratories, Inc.
481 Edward H. Ross Drive
Elmwood Park, NJ 07407
(800) 229-5227 x 8222
Important Cookies Information – This message will only appear once. GeneDx, Inc., a subsidiary of Bio-Reference Laboratories, Inc. and OPKO websites use cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. For more details about cookies and their use, please see our
Privacy Policy.I AGREE