http://www.diptrace.com/privacy/terms.php
Home
DipTrace Software
Schematic Capture
PCB Layout
Library Creation
3D Modeling
Guided Tour
What's New
Downloads
Download DipTrace
Libraries and 3D Models
Language Packs
Older Versions
Related Product Links
Buy
Online Store
Special Offer
Volume Prices
Academic
Non-Profit
Local Dealers
Support
Request Support
My Support Tickets
Installation Guide
Welcome to DipTrace
Tutorials
Trainings
FAQ
Community
DipTrace Forum
Testimonials
YouTube Channel
Services
PCB Design
Library Creation
PCB Manufacturing
Company
About Us
News
Contact Us
Home
Cookies
Terms of Use
Last updated: February 25, 2018
These terms govern your use of our website or services such as the DipTrace Online (collectively, “Services”) and software that we include as part of the Services, including any applications, Content Files (defined below), scripts, instruction sets, and any related documentation (collectively “Software”). By using the Services or Software, you agree to these terms. If you have entered into another agreement with us concerning specific Services or Software, then the terms of that agreement controls where it conflicts with these terms. As discussed more in Section 3 below, you retain all rights and ownership you have in your content that you make available through the Services.
1. How this Agreement Works.
1.1
Eligibility. You may only use the Services if you are over 13 years old.
1.2
Privacy. The Privacy Policy at https://diptrace.com/privacy/  any personal information you provide to us.
By using the Services or Software you agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy.
1.3
Desktop Application Usage Data. You have the option to share information with Novarm about how often you use our desktop applications. This information is not personalized and application does not send any personal data to the web. This option is turned on by default. This option allows us to provide you with the information about product updates and special offers. And helps us to collect application usage statistics. You can change your preference any time within the application (press "Shift+I" hotkey).
1.4
Availability. Pages describing the Services are accessible worldwide but this does not mean all Services or service features are available in your country, or that user-generated content available via the Services is legal in your country. We may block access to certain Services (or certain service features or content) in certain countries. It is your responsibility to make sure your use of the Services is legal where you use them. Services are not available in all languages.
1.5
Order of Precedence. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Agreement and the Additional Terms, then the Additional Terms govern in relation to that Service or Software.
1.6
Modification. We may modify, update, or discontinue the Services, Software (including any of their portions or features) at any time without liability to you or anyone else. However, we will make reasonable effort to notify you before we make the change. We will also allow you a reasonable time to download your content. If we discontinue a Service in its entirety, then we will provide you with a pro rata refund for any unused fees for that Service that you may have prepaid.
2. Use of Service.
2.1
License. Subject to your compliance with these terms and the law, you may access and use the Services.
2.2
Novarm Intellectual Property. We (and our licensors) remain the sole owner of all right, title, and interest in the Services and Software. We reserve all rights not granted under these terms.
2.3
Storage. When the Services provide storage, we recommend that you continue to back up your content regularly. We may create reasonable technical limits on your content, such as limits on file size, storage space, processing capacity, and other technical limits.
2.4
User-Generated Content. We may host user-generated content from our users. If you access our Services, you may come across content that you find offensive or upsetting. Your sole remedy is to simply stop viewing the content. If available, you may also click on the “Report” button to report the content to us.
2.5
Content Files.
“Content Files” means Novarm-provided sample files such as component library or 3D models. Unless the documentation or specific license associated with the Content Files state otherwise, you may use, display, modify, reproduce, and distribute any of the Content Files. You must not claim any trademark rights in the Content Files or derivative works of the Content Files.
2.6 Other License Types.
(a)
NFR Version. We may designate the Software or Services as “trial”, “evaluation”, “not for resale”, or other similar designation (“NFR Version”). You may install and use the NFR Version only during the period and only for the purposes that we have stated when we provide the NFR Version. You must not use any materials you produce with the NFR Version for anything other than non-commercial purposes.
(b)
Pre-release Version. We may designate the Software or Services, or a feature of the Software or Services, as a pre-release or beta version (“Pre-release Version”). Pre-release Version does not represent the final product and may contain bugs that may cause system or other failure and data loss. We may choose not to commercially release the Pre-release Version. You must promptly cease using the Pre-release Version and destroy all copies of Pre-release Version if we request you to do so, or if we release a commercial version of the Pre-release Version. Any separate agreement we enter into with you governing the Pre-release Version will supersede the provisions on Pre-Release Version set out in this section.
(c)
Academic Version. If we designate the Software or Service as for use by educational users (“Academic Version”), then you may only use the Academic Version if you meet the eligibility requirements stated at https://diptrace.com/buy/academic/. You may install and use Academic Version only in the country where you are qualified as an educational user. If you reside in the European Economic Area, then the word “country” in the sentence preceding this one means the European Economic Area.
3. Your Content.
3.1
Ownership. You retain all rights and ownership of your content. We do not claim any ownership rights to your content.
3.2
Licenses to Your Content in Order to Operate the Services. We require certain licenses from you to your content to operate and enable the Services. When you upload content to the Services, you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sub-licensable, and transferrable license to use, reproduce, publicly display, distribute, modify (so as to better showcase your content, for example), publicly perform, and translate the content as needed in response to user driven actions (such as when you choose to store privately or share your content with others).
This license is only for the purpose of operating or improving the Services.
3.3
Our Access. We will only access, view, or listen to your content in limited ways. For example, in order to perform the Services, we may need to access, view, or listen to your content to (a) respond to support requests; (b) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, unlawful, or technical issues; and (c) enforce these terms. Our automated systems may analyze your content using techniques such as machine learning. This analysis might occur as the content is sent, received, or when it is stored. From this analysis, we are able to improve the Services.
3.4 Sharing Your Content.
(a)
Sharing. Some Services may provide features that allow you to Share your content with other users or to make it public.
“Share” means to email, post, transmit, upload, or otherwise make available (whether to us or other users) through your use of the Services. Other users may use, copy, modify, or re-share your content in many ways. Please consider carefully what you choose to Share or make public as you are entirely responsible for the content that you Share.
(b)
Level of Access. We do not monitor or control what others do with your content. You are responsible for determining the limitations that are placed on your content and for applying the appropriate level of access to your content. If you do not choose the access level to apply to your content, the system may default to its most permissive setting. It’s your responsibility to let other users know how your content may be shared and adjust the setting related to accessing or sharing of your content.
(c)
Comments. The Services may allow you to comment on content. Comments are not anonymous, and may be viewed by other users. Your comments may be deleted by you, other users, or us.
3.5
Termination of License. You may revoke this license to your content and terminate our rights at any time by removing your content from the Service. However, some copies of your content may be retained as part of our routine backups.
3.6
Feedback. You have no obligation to provide us with ideas, suggestions, or proposals (
“Feedback”). However, if you submit Feedback to us, then you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license that is sub-licensable and transferrable, to make, use, sell, have made, offer to sell, import, reproduce, publicly display, distribute, modify, and publicly perform the Feedback.
3.7
Selling Your Content. We may allow you to license your content to other users through our Services. If available, you may choose to license your content through us under a separate agreement or directly to other users under an agreement between you and the buyer.
4. Account Information.
You are responsible for all activity that occurs via your account. Please notify Customer Support immediately if you become aware of any unauthorized use of your account. You may not (a) Share your account information (except with an authorized account administrator) or (b) use another person’s account. Your account administrator may use your account information to manage your use and access to the Services.
5. User Conduct.
5.1
Responsible Use. The Novarm communities often consist of users who expect a certain degree of courtesy and professionalism. You must use the Services responsibly.
5.2
Misuse. You must not misuse the Services, Software, or content that we provide to you as part of the Services. For example, you must not:
(a) modify, sublicense, or resell the Services, Software, or content;
(b) enable or allow others to use the Service, Software, or content using your registration information;
(c) use the content or Software included in the Services to construct any kind of database;
(d) access or attempt to access the Services by any means other than the interface we provided or authorized;
(e) circumvent any access or use restrictions put into place to prevent certain uses of the Services;
(f) share content or engage in behavior that violates anyone’s Intellectual Property Right (
“Intellectual Property Rights”means copyright, moral rights, trademark, trade dress, patent, trade secret, unfair competition, right of privacy, right of publicity, and any other proprietary rights.);
(g) upload or share any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, tortious, defamatory, libelous, vulgar, lewd, profane, invasive of another’s privacy, or hateful;
(h) impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
(i) attempt to disable, impair, or destroy the Services, software, or hardware;
(j) disrupt, interfere with, or inhibit any other user from using the Services (such as stalking, intimidating, or harassing others, inciting others to commit violence, or harming minors in any way),
(k) engage in chain letters, junk mails, pyramid schemes, spamming, or other unsolicited messages;
(l) place advertisement of any products or services in the Services except with our prior written approval;
(m) use any data mining or similar data gathering and extraction methods in connection with the Services;
(n) violate applicable law.
6. Your Warranty and Indemnification Obligations.
6.1
Warranty.
By uploading your content to the Services, you agree that you have: (a) all necessary licenses and permissions, to use and Share your content and (b) the rights necessary to grant the licenses in these terms.
6.2
Indemnification. You will indemnify us and our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, partners, and licensors from any claim, demand, loss, or damages, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related to your content, your use of the Services or Software, or your violation of these terms.
7. Disclaimers of Warranties.
7.1 Unless stated in the Additional Terms, the Services and Software are provided “AS-IS.” To the maximum extent permitted by law, we disclaim all warranties express or implied, including the implied warranties of non-infringement, merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose. We make no commitments about the content within the Services. We further disclaim any warranty that (a) the Services or Software will meet your requirements or will be constantly available, uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free; (b) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Services or Software will be effective, accurate, or reliable; (c) the quality of the Services or Software will meet your expectations; or that (d) any errors or defects in the Services or Software will be corrected.
7.2 We specifically disclaim any liability for any actions resulting from your use of any Services or Software. You may use and access the Services or Software at your own discretion and risk, and you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the use and access of any Service or Software.
8. Limitation of Liability.
8.1 Unless stated in the Additional Terms, we are not liable to you or anyone else for: (a) any loss of use, data, goodwill, or profits, whether or not foreseeable; and (b) any special, incidental, indirect, consequential, or punitive damages whatsoever (even if we have been advised of the possibility of these damages), including those (x) resulting from loss of use, data, or profits, whether or not foreseeable, (y) based on any theory of liability, including breach of contract or warranty, negligence or other tortious action, or (z) arising from any other claim arising out of or in connection with your use of or access to the Services or Software. Nothing in these terms limits or excludes our liability for gross negligence, for our (or our employees’) intentional misconduct, or for death or personal injury.
8.2 Our total liability in any matter arising out of or related to these terms is limited to US $100 or the aggregate amount that you paid for access to the Service and Software during the three- month period preceding the event giving rise to the liability, whichever is larger. This limitation will apply even if we have been advised of the possibility of the liability exceeding the amount and notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy.
8.3 The limitations and exclusions in this Section 9 apply to the maximum extent permitted by law.
9. Termination.
9.1
Termination by You. You may stop using the Services at any time. Termination of your account does not relieve you of any obligation to pay any outstanding fees.
9.2
Termination by Us. If we terminate these terms for reasons other than for cause, then we will make reasonable effort to notify you at least 30 days prior to termination via the email address you provide to us with instructions on how to retrieve your content. Unless stated in Additional Terms, we may, at any time, terminate your right to use and access the Services or Software if:
(a) you breach any provision of these terms (or act in a manner that clearly shows you do not intend to, or are unable to, comply with these terms);
(b) you fail to make the timely payment of fees for the Software or the Services, if any;
(c) we are required to do so by law (for example, where the provision of the Services or Software to you is, or becomes, unlawful);
(d) we elect to discontinue the Services or Software, in whole or in part, (such as if it becomes impractical for us to continue offering Services in your region due to change of law);
(e) there has been an extended period of inactivity in your free account.
9.3
Survival. Upon expiration or termination of these terms, any perpetual licenses you have granted, your indemnification obligations, our warranty disclaimers or limitations of liabilities, and dispute resolution provisions stated in these terms will survive. Upon the expiration or termination of the Services, some or all of the Software may cease to operate without prior notice.
10. Investigations.
10.1
Screening. We do not review all content uploaded to the Services, but we may use available technologies or processes to screen for certain types of illegal content (for example, pornography) or other abusive content or behavior (for example, patterns of activity that indicate spam or phishing).
10.2
Disclosure. We may access or disclose information about you, or your use of the Services, (a) when it is required by law (such as when we receive a valid subpoena or search warrant); (b) to respond to your requests for customer service support; or (c) when we, in our discretion, think it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of us, our users, or the public.
11. Export Control Laws.
The Software, Services, content, and your use of the Software, Services, and content, are subject to U.S. and international laws, restrictions, and regulations that may govern the import, export, and use of the Software, Services, and content. You agree to comply with all the laws, restrictions, and regulations.
12. Dispute Resolution.
12.1
Process. For any concern or dispute you may have, you agree to first try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting us. If a dispute is not resolved within 30 days of submission, you or Novarm must resolve any claims relating to these terms, the Services, or the Software through final and binding arbitration, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify.
12.2
No Class Actions. You may only resolve disputes with us on an individual basis, and may not bring a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class, consolidated, or representative action.
12.3
Injunctive Relief. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of your or others’ unauthorized access to or use of the Services or content in violation of these terms you agree that we are entitled to apply for injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction.
13. Modification.
We may modify these terms or any additional terms that apply to a Service or Software to, for example, reflect changes to the law or changes to our Services or Software. We will post notice of modifications to these terms on this page. We will post notice of modified additional terms in the applicable Service or Software. By continuing to use or access the Services or Software after the revisions come into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised terms.
14. Miscellaneous.
14.1
English Version. The English version of these terms will be the version used when interpreting or construing these terms.
14.2
Notice to Novarm. You may send the notices to us at the following addreses: Novarm Limited, Oleksandra Polya av., house 129 B, ap. 453, 49055 Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska oblast, Ukraine; Novarm Sp. z o.o., ul. prof. dr. Mieczyslawa Michalowicza 12, 43-300 Bielsko-Biala, Poland.
14.3
Notice to You. We may notify you by email, postal mail, postings within the Services, or other legally acceptable means.
14.4
Entire Agreement. These terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding your use of the Services and Software and supersede any prior agreements between you and us relating to the Services.
14.5
Non-Assignment. You may not assign or otherwise transfer these terms or your rights and obligations under these terms, in whole or in part, without our written consent and any such attempt will be void. We may transfer our rights under these terms to a third party.
14.6
Severability. If a particular term is not enforceable, the unenforceability of that term will not affect any other terms.
14.7
No Waiver. Our failure to enforce or exercise any of these terms is not a waiver of that section.
15. DMCA.
We respect the Intellectual Property Rights of others and we expect our users to do the same. We will respond to clear notices of copyright infringement consistent with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”).