http://www.leatherheadfood.com/terms-of-use/
About
Brexit
Services
Capabilities
Members
Sign in
Training & publications
Training courses
Research publications
Events & news
Industry events
News
Careers
Why Leatherhead?
Vacancies
Career development
Careers fairs
Internships and placements
Contact
Careers
Contact
Terms of use
This site is operated by or on behalf of Leatherhead Research Limited.Registered as a company in England under company number 09528674. Registered Address: Harston Mill, Harston Cambridge CB22 7GG, UK. VAT Number: 432214202. For more information please contact help@leatherheadfood.com.
Leatherhead Research Limited, its group and associated companies owns or is licensed to use all intellectual property rights in and to this Site and its content, including but not limited to the names and logos of Leatherhead Research Limited and the Site’s underlying technology.
By using this Site you agree to be bound by these terms of use with Leatherhead Research Limited. You should not continue to use or access the Site if you do not agree to be bound by these terms of use.
We may amend these terms of use at any time and any revised version will be effective immediately that it is displayed on this Site. You are advised to review these terms of use on a regular basis as you will be deemed to have accepted variations if you continue to use the Site after they have been posted.
Use of this site In accessing and using this Site you agree not to:
disrupt, interfere with or restrict the use of the Site by other users including but not limited to denial of service attacks, mail bombing, flooding or other deliberate attempts to overload the Site;
upload, post to, display or transmit any content or materials through the Site which are false, offensive, defamatory, threatening, obscene, abusive, menacing, indecent, misleading, unlawful or which violate, breach or infringe the rights of any person anywhere in the world (including but not limited to any intellectual property rights);
probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Site or circumvent or hack any user authentication or security controls in respect of the Site or attempt to do so;
send or permit others to send unsolicited bulk, junk or spam emails of any kind or begin or forward chain emails or malicious emails to or via the Site;
reverse engineer, decompile, copy or adapt any software or other code or scripts forming part of the Site or attempt to transmit to or via the Site any information that contains a virus, worm, Trojan horse or other harmful or disruptive component; or
change, modify, delete, interfere with or misuse any content or data contained on the Site and provided by or relating to Leatherhead or any third party user of the Site.
Material on this Site may be downloaded, viewed and printed for personal use or internal circulation within your organisation provided that no trade mark, copyright or other proprietary notices in such material are modified or removed. This permission does not extend to material identified as belonging to third parties, where you must obtain the permission of the relevant owners before reproducing such material. All other rights are reserved and you must obtain our written permission before making any other use of material on this website.
We reserve the right to inspect and moderate all comments and other content or data uploaded, posted to, displayed or transmitted through the Site. We may, at our sole discretion, amend or remove any such comments or other content or data without notice.
Privacy policy
We value and respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. For more information, please go to our privacy policy.
CookiesWe use cookies on our website, for more information please go to our Cookies policy.
Links Links from the Site are provided for information and convenience only. We have no control over and cannot therefore accept responsibility or liability for the content of any linked third party website or any website from which you have accessed this Site. We do not endorse any linked website.
Exclusions and limitations of liability This Site is intended to provide you with general information relating to Leatherhead, and the goods, services and products available from them.
We will use our reasonable endeavours to ensure that the information contained on this Site is accurate and reliable. The Site and its content do not constitute advice in relation to any specific technology, sector or business activity. We give no warranty whatsoever that any the content of this Site will be accurate or complete at any particular time or at all.
The content of this Site is subject to change without notice. In addition, we reserve the right to make corrections, modifications, enhancements, improvements and other changes to our services, programs and products at any time or to discontinue any services, programs and products without notice. Any reference to a product or service that has been provided by us does not amount to a promise that such product or service will be available or provided to any person at that time or at any time thereafter.
You acknowledge that we cannot guarantee that this Site or the websites to which it is linked will always be available to users. You are granted access to this Site strictly on the basis that you accept that the Site and its content are made available on an “as is” and “as available” basis.
Where you rely on any information or other content displayed on this Site, you do so entirely at your own risk and you accept that all warranties, conditions and undertakings, express or implied, whether by common law, statute, trade usage, course of dealings or otherwise (including but not limited to implied warranties of satisfactory quality and fitness for purpose) in respect of the Site and/or its content are excluded by us to the fullest extent permitted by law.
You acknowledge and agree that Leatherhead excludes all liability whatever, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in respect of any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or other loss or damage (including but not limited to loss of profits, revenue or business opportunity or loss or corruption of data), whether in contract, tort, negligence, breach of statutory duty or otherwise, resulting or arising from any non-availability or use of this Site or of any other website linked to it, or from reliance on the contents of the Site or any material or content accessed through it.
The information contained on this Site does not constitute an invitation to invest or otherwise deal in shares or any other product or services, or to enter into a contract with Leatherhead or any other companies. Past performance by us or any other company referred to on the Site can not be relied upon as a guide to future performance.
Internet security
You should ensure that you have appropriate protection against viruses and other security arrangements in place whilst using the internet.
We will always use reasonable endeavours to ensure that any data passed through or accessed from or via this Site and/or held on our computer systems is secure and protected. However, you acknowledge and agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we will not be liable in respect of any loss or damage whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any loss or corruption of data), whether in contract, tort, negligence, breach of statutory duty or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with i) any unauthorised accessing of data held on our computer systems, ii) any computer system failure iii) any unauthorised interception of data transmitted through, to or from this Site; or iv) any virus, distributed denial-of-service attack or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data and/or other proprietary material due to your use of this Site, your transmission of information through or to this Site or your downloading of any content from it, or from any other website linked to it.
Jurisdiction This Site has been designed, and these terms of use shall be governed by and construed, in accordance with English law. Any dispute arising out of the accessing or use of this Site shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
About Science GroupScience Group offers independent advisory and leading-edge product development services focused on science and technology initiatives. Its specialist companies Sagentia, Oakland Innovation, OTM Consulting, Leatherhead Food Research, TSG Consulting and Frontier Smart Technologies collaborate closely with their clients in key vertical markets to deliver clear returns on technology and R&D investments.
We've recently updated our privacy policy, click here to see the latest version.