http://www.dakotamatrix.com/content/terms-and-conditions
Checkout
0 item @ $0.00
Home |
My Cart |
Login |
Register
Home
Mineral Galleries
New Minerals
New Minerals
Dec 04, 2020
New Minerals
Nov 29, 2020
New Minerals
Nov 22, 2020
New Minerals
Nov 15, 2020
New Minerals
Oct 23, 2020
Previous
Daily Five Minerals
Saturday's Specimens
Thursday's Specimens
Thursday's Specimens
Tuesday's Specimens
Monday's Specimens
Special Editionsby Mineral Gallery
Upcoming Mineral Galleries
Colorado Plateau Minerals
Hampson Colorado Minerals
Southeast US Phosphates
Mexican Minerals
Rare Earth Minerals
Previous Mineral Galleries
All Mineral SpecimensA to Z
Rare Minerals
Under $50 Minerals
Over $50 Minerals
Reduced Minerals
Archived Minerals
Searches
Search by Mineral Name, Mineral Locality, Tag, etc.
Arsenate Group Minerals
Black Hills Minerals
Carbonate Group Minerals
Ore Minerals
Searches
Phosphate Group Minerals
Sulfide Group Minerals
Vanadate Group Minerals
Maps & Mineral Books
Resources
About Us
Mineral Articles & Website Help
Contact Us
Faqs
Links
Maps & Mineral Books
Policies
Shipping, Returns & Payments
Testimonials
Mineralpedia
Shows
Products
Localities
Terms and Conditions
Tweet
Terms and Conditions. Please Click Here for our Privacy Policy
The Terms & Conditions detailed here apply to all of the webpages operated by Dakota Matrix Minerals Inc. and your use of www.dakotamatrix.com constitutes your agreement to all such Terms, Conditions, and Policies. Please read all the terms, conditions and policies carefully, and feel free to create a copy of them for your future reference.
Dakota Matrix Minerals, Inc. (Dakota Matrix) provides access to and the use of this website subject to the following Terms and Conditions. This policy provides you, as a guest or registered customer of the Dakota Matrix Minerals website with the conditions under which this website is being made available to you. By using this website you must be aware that you agree and are bound to the stated terms of these Terms & Conditions provided herein. If you do not agree with these conditions or are under the age of 13, please disconnect from this website.  If you are under the age of 18, you should review this policy with your parent or guardian and be under their supervision while using this website. At any time during your visit or in the course of doing business with Dakota Matrix, if you have any questions or are dissatisfied with this policy please feel free to contact us. Our contact information is provided at the end of this document. Please review this policy often as this policy may be updated for reasons of improvements, as applied to changes in laws and regulations, or changes to the Dakota Matrix website.
Acceptance of these Terms
Use of our website constitutes your unconditional agreement with Dakota Matrix and to all the terms and conditions contained in this document. Further, you agree to all other policies as set forth in the Dakota Matrix website. Our terms and conditions also include agreement with all other policies contained herein. Please read our privacy policy, shipping, returns and payment policies.  If you require clarification of this or other policies, please feel free to contact us. Our contact information is provided at the end of this document. If you do not agree with the terms of this policy or any other policy(s) either in full or in part, you should cease using this website immediately. Dakota Matrix reserves the right to alter, change, add or delete the terms of this policy at any time without prior notice and will post these changes on our website. Please review this policy often.
Registration for Use
A guest or registered user of this website agrees to provide Dakota Matrix true and accurate information when required on the Dakota Matrix website. This includes all orders, inquiries, feedback or any other form. The user agrees to maintain and promptly update all account information including, but not limited, to phone numbers, email, billing, and shipping addresses. Dakota Matrix cannot be held liable for erroneous, misrepresented, or non-current contact information in regards to shipping, payments, or correspondence. Additionally, it is the user’s responsibility to keep their username/password secure. DMM cannot be held liable for the unauthorized activity resulting from a user’s failure to maintain username/password security.
We reserve the right to refuse or terminate service without notice if we have reasonable grounds to believe any information given to Dakota Matrix is fraudulent, inaccurate, incomplete or untrue.
Ordering & Payments
For registered and guest users ALL sales are final and binding. All orders are to be paid in full upon completion of our website order process. We reserve the right to cancel any order(s) at our discretion. Please review our Frequently Asked Questions  (FAQ) for more information.
Returns & Cancellations
The customer must notify Dakota Matrix immediately prior to returning an item(s). All item(s) must be returned within 14 days of the original shipping date.  Returns post marked after the 14 day return policy mentioned above will be charged a 10% restocking fee. Please review our procedures Return Policy for more information.  We reserve the right to change this policy at any time and allow exceptions based on our discretion.
Mineral Identification
We guarantee the correct identification of our minerals. We make every reasonable effort to correctly identify our minerals in a cost effective and technologically correct manner. It is impossible to analytically test every mineral with modern instruments. If you find our identification to be incorrect you have the right to return it in accordance with our return policy.
Copyrights
All website photographs and images, website design and logos, text, articles, and graphics are the intellectual property of Dakota Matrix and may not be used or reproduced without prior written permission from Dakota Matrix. Digital Right/Copyright protection is guaranteed through all international treaties and conventions with the United States.  For more info on Digital Rights/Copyrights see the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).
Third Party Links
Accesses to third party websites linked within the DMM website are provided to you for convenience only. These links include, but are not limited to PayPal, Mindat, Webmineral, other mineral or geology related websites and social media sites such Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Plaxo, and Delicious. Once you leave this website by clicking on one of these links, you enter a third party website and thereby are subject to their policies and conditions of use.  DMM encourages you to review all third party policies.
Disclaimers
Use of the Dakota Matrix website constitutes an unconditional agreement with Dakota Matrix that all website features and its contents are provided with no warranties expressed or otherwise implied. Dakota Matrix does not guarantee any of the following: the compatibility or security of any website components, continuous or unlimited access to the website or any pages therein, error free functionality, accidental prior or late release of products before scheduled releases, ownership rights to a reserved product, availability of a product, or wish list or favorites rights of ownership.  Product prices and shipping charges are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right to change the release schedule of all products. Our products are for study, research and display purposes only. We will under no circumstance be liable for the misuse, mishandling, or misapplication of all products purchased. Minerals purchased from Dakota Matrix must be handled in a safe manner as some minerals may be poisonous or toxic. Dakota Matrix is not liable for international shipments involving but not limited to security and/or customs disputes or import fees or taxes.
Contact Information
Questions about this Terms and Conditions Statement can be directed to dmmcart@gmail.com .
Information
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Shipping, Returns & Payments
About Us
Contact Us
My Account
Password
Reset
Login
Cart
Registration
Other
Faqs
Links
Testimonials
Articles
Follow Us
We Accept
All photos by Dakota Matrix and are Copyrighted © and may not be used without
permission. Copyright © 2020
- Dakota Matrix Minerals, Inc.
Privacy | Terms & Conditions
| Site Map