http://www.miga.org/privacy-agreement
Skip to main content
privacy agreement
Privacy Agreement
I. Introduction
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. Because we gather certain types of information about the users of MIGA's sites and services, we want to ensure that you fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it. This privacy policy applies to all MIGA sites - that is all sites within the "miga.org" domain name.
II. What Information Does MIGA Collect?
Personal information
If you register for an email newsletter or join a discussion group, you will be asked for personal information, such as your name, email address, and organization. The information provided is used for technical and customer administration of the Site only and is not shared with third parties.
Non-personally identifiable information
MIGA has contracted with a third-party vendor to track and analyze non-personally identifiable information about the usage of World Bank Group sites. All data collected by the vendor, Omniture, is owned and used by MIGA.
Information collected is non-personally identifiable, and only summaries of visitors' behavior is produced. Examples of this type of information include statistics on which pages are most popular and which are least popular. The information collected cannot be traced back to a particular individual.
The purpose of this data collection is so that MIGA can better understand the preferences of its visitors and improve its site and services. This information collected is never connected with any personal information you supply to us if you register on our website.
Use of cookies
When you register for one of our services, MIGA sets a cookie, a small bit of code stored on your computer's hard drive that enables you to manage your subscriptions and online profile. By setting this cookie, MIGA will remember you the next time you visit and will not have to bother you by asking questions you have already answered (like address information). Additionally, Omniture, the vendor we use for the analysis of the non-personally identifiable usage, uses cookies to track behavior and sets cookies on behalf of MIGA.
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Site and may be required to re-enter information more frequently to use certain services on the website.
IP Addresses
In addition, MIGA also records your IP address, which is the Internet address of your computer, and information such as your browser type and operating system. This information helps us learn about the geographical distribution of our website visitors and the technology they use to access our site. This information is never connected with the personal information you supply to us if you register on our website.
III. What If I Do Not Want to Share My Information?
Registering on our site is optional. If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use MIGA's web-site. However, you will not be able to purchase items or receive email newsletters. MIGA views the customer information that it collects as a trusted asset for which we take great care in not misusing.
If you register for a newsletter, forum, consultation, or conference the Bank will not share, sell, distribute or rent your information to anyone. If you enter into a transaction on our Publications web-site, your information will not be shared unless you indicate that you would like to receive information from UN agencies, multilateral banks or international organizations with whom we occasionally share mailing address information. However, we will never share your e-mail address with these organizations.
IV. Security
The World Bank Group employs a range of technologies to protect the information maintained on our systems from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
V. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the World Bank Privacy Policy, please contact us.
VI. Notification of Changes
If there are any changes to this privacy policy, we will post them on our home page at: www.miga.org so that you are completely aware of how the changes will affect you.
Glossary
Cookie: A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Each web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. Once the user has closed the browser the cookie will no longer be accessed during that session.
IP Address: When your web browser or email application requests a web page or email from another computer on the Internet, it automatically gives that computer the address where it should send the information. This is called your computer's "IP address." (IP stands for "Internet protocol.") For many users accessing the Internet from a dial-up Internet service provider (ISP), the IP address will be different every time you log on. The World Bank does this to learn about the geographical make-up of its web site traffic.