https://www.iguanafoundation.org/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy - International Iguana Foundation
Skip to content
Home
Mission & Purpose
Mission
History
Board Members & Staff
Our Partners
Reports & Financials
Milestones
What We Support
Projects Funded
Field Reports
Media & Video
Grants
Grants Awarded
Apply for a Grant
Submit Your Report
Contribute
Donate Now
Adopt an Iguana
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting IguanaFoundation.org (IIF) website. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this site.
The Information We Collect
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card information, and information about your interests in and use of various programs.
We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows ’95 or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink).
How We Use the Information
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for information about our programs, to respond to your inquiries, and to offer you other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services.
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
Agents and contractors of IIF who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for IIF.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot guarantee that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice.
Finally, the IIF site covered by this Privacy Notice will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses.
Cookies & Web Beacons
To enhance your experience with our sites, many of our web pages use “cookies.” Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at one of our sites. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites. We also may use cookies to offer you products, programs, or services.
“Web beacons” or clear .gifs are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page. For example, web beacons can be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page. We may use web beacons on this site from time to time for this and other purposes.
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
IIF Refund Policy
All donations are final and are not subject to refund.
Special Note for Parents
The site you are visiting is suitable as a general audience site and is appropriate for viewing by individuals of all ages.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the IIF online policy for this site or its implementation you may contact us.
Updates & Effective Date
From time to time, we may update this privacy notice. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by placing a notice on our site. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it.
The Privacy Notice posted on this site was updated on or about October 31,2019.
GET STARTED
HOMESPECIESGRANTSCONTRIBUTECONTACT
QUICK LINKS
LEGAL DISCLOSURE & TERMS OF USEPRIVACY POLICYCONTACT
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
FOLLOW US ON
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Envelope
Copyright 2020 © IIF – Designed by Kjerstan Designs