http://www.pangaea.de/about/terms.php
Terms of Use
We are delighted that you show interest in our website and services.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully because they are a binding
agreement between You and PANGAEA's hosting institutions.
1. Preliminary statement
The
information system PANGAEA is operated as an Open Access library aimed at
archiving, publishing and re-usage of georeferenced data from earth system
research. The system provides a platform at pangaea.de and guarantees long-term
availability of its content through a commitment of the following hosting
institutions (hereinafter referred to as PANGAEA): the Alfred Wegener
Institute, Helmholtz Center for Polar- and Marine Research (AWI) and the Center
for Marine Environmental Sciences, University of Bremen (MARUM).
2. Scope of application
These
terms of use governs the provisions of the services and the use of these
services offered through the PANGAEA platform to their users. The use of the
services on the platform is governed exclusively by these terms of use, unless
PANGAEA expressly draws the attention of the user to any supplemental terms.
The
user can view and print out the currently valid terms of use on the PANGAEA
website.
3. Subject Matter of the Agreement
3.1 PANGAEA provides a platform at pangaea.de for institutions
or individual scientists for different services. The system is operated in the
sense of the Berlin Declaration on Open Access to Knowledge in the Sciences and
Humanities, which is a follow up to the Budapest Open Access Initiative. The
services will be delivered as follows:
3.1.1 Data submission:
PANGAEA
enables the long-term archiving, publication and dissemination of scientific
data and provides scientific data management for projects and scientific
institutes according to international standards and protocols:
The PANGAEA data submission
system accepts data from earth system and environmental research for archiving,
publishing and re-usage.
The Service provides you with
the ability to add, create, upload, submit, distribute or post content,
articles, data, text, photographs, images, illustrations, or other information
on or to PANGAEA.
The PANGAEA issue tracker
assists you in providing metadata and uploading data files. Any communication
with the PANGAEA data editors goes through this issue tracker.
Data curation at PANGAEA
includes editorial treatment of deposited data by well-trained data editors
from the geological and biological domains. This includes quality control of
data and metadata as well as harmonization of metadata, which is supported by
using and developing ontologies and vocabularies. Data curation ensures
FAIRness (findability, accessibility, interoperability and reusability) of all
data by checking for completeness, correctness, and machine readability of data
and metadata as well as transfer of data submissions into PANGAEA’s ingest
format.
A moratorium can be assigned
to data so that access may be restricted as defined in section 5.2. Metadata is always freely
accessible.
Data publication at PANGAEA
includes the registration of a DOI (Digital Object Identifier) to allow the
citation of each dataset.
All data published via
PANGAEA are long-term stored (minimum 10 years) on redundant file systems and
tapes.
3.1.2 Data Discovery:
PANGAEA provides an open
access data portal and programmatic access delivered as:
Search portal on the website.
This includes full-text search with faceted navigation. Users can search the
whole data inventory of PANGAEA based on dataset’s metadata.
Retrieval and download of
metadata in different formats, download of data tables and data files.
API services for programmatic
access. This includes metadata harvesting via certain protocols.
3.1.3 Data Publication:
All published datasets get a
unique identifier (DOI name) that links to a splash web page with detailed
information like citation, abstract, size, observed properties, related
literature.
PANGAEA is entitled to change
the services provided at any time, to make new services available or to
suspend services. PANGAEA will always take the users legitimate interests into
consideration.
3.2 The services available on the PANGAEA platform also
includes third party services to which access is only provided. The use of such
services may be subject to regulations that differ from these terms of use or
may be subject to additional regulations, which the respective service provider
will point out to the user in the context of their terms of use. In this case
any contractual relationship arises exclusively between the participating
service provider and the participating user, PANGAEA is neither a
representative nor does PANGAEA become a contractual partner.
3.3 Within the scope of the technical and operational
possibilities, PANGAEA endeavour to ensure that the use of the services is as
uninterrupted as possible. However, technical faults, such as hardware and
software errors, technical problems in the data lines, temporary restrictions
or interruptions occur.
4. Registration and Conclusion of a contract
4.1 In order to use certain services via the
platform pangaea.de, the user will be required to register and provide the
following data ("login data"): e-mail-address (will be verified), a self-chosen
username, first and family name and a unique password. Optionally the following
additional data may also be provided to allow easier communication:
organization (e.g. research institution) and telephone number. Users are also
advised to link their account with an ORCID ID. The services can be used by any
scientist who has understood, accepted and approved these terms of use and are
at least 18 years of age.
4.2 By completing the online registration process, a contract
of use is concluded between the user and PANGAEA subject to these terms of use.
The subject of the contract of use is the use of the services via the platform
pangaea.de.
4.3 There is no claim to the use of the services available via
the PANGAEA platform; therefore, the user registration can be rejected without
giving reasons.
4.4 The user is obliged to handle the login-data with care. In
particular, the user is prohibited from disclosing the login data to third
parties and/or allowing third parties to access the services via the PANGAEA
platform by bypassing the login data. PANGAEA may disable the user’s login-data
at PANGAEA’s sole discretion without notice or explanation.
4.5 If the user breaches the obligations under the preceding
paragraph 4.4 and his login-data is used by third parties, the user is liable
for all activities that take place using the login data. The user is not liable
if the user is not responsible for the abuse of the login data. The user shall
immediately notify PANGAEA of any unauthorized use of the login-data or any
other breach or threatened breach of the security on the PANGAEA platform.
4.6 The user assures that the login data used are correct. The
user shall inform PANGAEA of any updates or changes to such login-data as soon
as possible.
4.7 Contract language is exclusively English.
5. Conditions of use
5.1 PANGAEA provides different services via the PANGAEA
platform covering the archiving, publishing and re-usage of georeferenced data
from earth system and environmental research as defined in section 3.1.
5.2 PANGAEA
provides an area on the platform for the upload of the user’s research contents from
earth and life sciences - within the scope of these terms of use. Research
contents mean material including and without limitation research data such as
numerical values, text, images, audio and video materials. The uploaded
research contents have to match the specific intended research context comply
with the strict research orientation of PANGAEA and fully comply with the
relevant national and European legal framework for biological environmental and
geospatial research data like e.g. the Nagoya Protocol. During the research
contents submission, the user is obliged to set a minimum of descriptive
metadata to ensure the findability, accessibility, interoperability and
reusability of the research contents. Metadata should contain basic structured
information about the research contents, so that others can understand and use
the contents without further information. The user can request a moratorium of
a maximum of two years until the publication of the research contents - after
this time research contents will be automatically published by PANGAEA.
5.3 Research
contents uploaded to the PANGAEA platform will be subject to different services
which includes in particular an automatic and manual curation by domain experts
following the FAIR data principles (Finable, Accessible, Interoperable,
Re-usable), minting a Digital Object Identifier (DOI) for all data, advice and
assistance to the user the scope of which is at the discretion of PANGAEA. The
curation process and minting the DOI may take up to eight weeks. The user is
obliged to proof-read before the final version is published for the review
process by third parties (e.g. journals) a temporary handle might be provided
upon request of the user. If the research contents are supplementary to a
journal article the user is obliged to reference the data in the article.
5.4 The
uploading of research content to the PANGAEA platform is not a guarantee that
the services will be provided; it is at the discretion of PANGAEA to decide
whether the research contents are suitable for the services or not. If the
uploaded research content will be not suitable, PANGAEA strives to inform the
user within five working days. In this case any uploaded research content and
metadata will be completely removed from the PANGAEA platform. In any case
research contents are not suitable for the services if the services are not
fair used by the user.
The fair use for the PANGAEA platform includes:
a maximum service request of three working hours.
a maximum data volume of 10 GB.
a maximum of one submission per day and ten per month.
PANGAEA reserves the right to refuse the upload of the
research contents or to charge fees for uploaded research content beyond the
aforementioned limits and/or for third-party fees resulting from data curation,
storage and publication, in either case only after consultation of the user.
5.5 The
offered service of data search via the PANGAEA platform includes the fair use
of the access to the open access data portal and its Application Programming
Interfaces (APIs); By accessing the API, the user accepts the currently valid terms of use described
here. PANGAEA is
entitled at its own discretion to technically limit the retrieval and download
of research contents through those interfaces of the PANGAEA platform, which
means in particular:
Requests significantly beyond the average number of access attempts per time unit by other users of PANGAEA or
mass download of metadata and associated data e.g. for the purpose of content duplication or
the use of automated systems to extract data from the PANGAEA web pages for commercial purposes except for keeping web search indexes up to date.
Such
exceeding inquiries will automatically lead to error messages and/or a forced
disconnection from the service unless prior authorization from PANGAEA is
requested by the user. Additional usage limitations of specific API services
are described in the published API documentation.
5.6 PANGAEA does not assume any responsibility for the uploaded
research contents and metadata (contents) - no matter what kind. The user is
solely responsible for the contents and undertakes to PANGAEA not to upload any
contents which, by its content or its form or design or in any other way
violates applicable law, morality or these terms of use, is free form
third-party rights, i.e. do not violate the rights of third parties and that
the user is authorized to use these contents. In particular, it is not
permitted to upload and publish the following contents, which are not to be
understood as a final list:
contents violate the rights
of third parties, in particular personal rights, copyrights, trademark rights
and design rights;
contents are or contain commercial advertising;
contents which are
threatening, degrading, insulting, slanderous or untrue,
contents which are
pornographic, vulgar, obscene, offensive, harassing, discriminatory or glorify
violence;
contents with depictions of violence;
contents which contain
propaganda material of unconstitutional organizations or are inflammatory,
anti-constitutional, racist or xenophobic.
5.7 The user must refrain from
any activity that could impair the operation of the PANGAEA platform or the
technical infrastructure behind it. These included in particular:
the use of software, scripts
or databases in connection with the use of the PANGAEA platform;
the automatic reading,
blocking, overwriting, modifying, copying of data and/or other content, unless
this is necessary for the proper use of the platform.
5.8 Should
there be any disruptions in the use of the platform or its functionalities, the
user shall inform PANGAEA of this disruption immediately. The same applies if
the user obtains information about content published by third parties which
obviously violates applicable law or the rights of third parties.
5.9 PANGAEA
can temporarily or permanently block or rather delete the user’s access to the services at
the PANGAEA platform, if there is concrete evidence that a user is violating
these terms of use or the applicable law or if PANGAEA has any other justified
interest in blocking or deleting.
5.10 PANGAEA may delete some or all the contents the user uploaded
on the PANGAEA platform without notice. The prerequisite for this is that there
are concrete indications that the user have violated applicable law, good
morals, these terms of use or third party rights, such as copyrights.
6 Rights of use
6.1 By submitting research content to the PANGAEA platform the
user grants PANGAEA a royalty-free, irrevocable, transferrable,
fully-sublicensable, non-exclusive, spatially and temporally unlimited right to
use the research contentwith
the corresponding metadata for the respective purposes referred to in section
3.1 and subject to these terms of use. This includes in particular
the right to reproduce and
process/edit the submitted research content for archive, publication and
re-usage purposes,
the right to store the contents
on PANGAEA server to archive, and publish them, in particular to make them
available to the public via the PANGAEA platform and
the right to deposit the
research content and metadata at associated/collaborating, publicly accessible
data centers which are committed to the long-term preservation of research data
and providing permanent open access. These data centers are granted the same
rights as PANGAEA.
6.2 By
submitting research content and metadata to the PANGAEA platform the content
will be published under the Creative Commons license CC0 for metadata and CC-BY
for data. Exceptions have to be negotiated on an individual basis with PANGAEA.
Once a license has been issued, it cannot be changed retroactively.
6.3 The
user declares to be entitled to the granting of rights of use made in section
6.1 and assures that the research content submitted is free of third party
rights which are contrary to the use for the purpose of this terms of use. The
user releases PANGAEA from all claims of third parties arising from the demands
of third parties.
7. Protection of content/Responsibility for content
7.1 The research content available on the PANGAEA platform is
primarily protected by the copyright or other property rights of PANGAEA, the
users or other third parties who have made the respective content available.
This content may only be used in accordance with these terms of use and the
applicable law.
7.2 PANGAEA
does not check the completeness, accuracy and legality of the research contents
of the users and other third parties. PANGAEA therefore assumes no
responsibility for the completeness, accuracy, legality and topicality of these
research contents. This also applies to the quality of the research contents
and their suitability for a specific purpose, and insofar as it concerns third
party contents on linked external websites.
8. Privacy Policy
All
information on the processing of personal data can be found in the privacy
policy of PANGAEA. This is available at
https://www.pangaea.de/about/privacypolicy.php.
9. Liability
9.1 Those contents available on the PANGAEA platform provided
by PANGAEA were created with best care and attention and will be updated on a
regular basis. PANGAEA does not accept liability for the quality, topicality or
completeness of the contents provided by PANGAEA offered on the PANGAEA
platform and their suitability for specific purposes. Liability claims which
refer to material and/or non-material damage, which are caused by the use or
disuse of the offered contents provided by PANGAEA on the PANGAEA platform
respectively the use of inaccurate and incomplete contents are excluded,
insofar as there is no evidence of willful or gross negligence on the part of
PANGAEA. All offers are non-binding and without obligation. For damages
resulting from slightly negligent violations of essential contractual
obligations, the liability is limited to typical or foreseeable damages. The
above limitations of liability also apply in the event of breaches of duty by
the legal representatives, senior employees, or vicarious agents of PANGAEA.
PANGAEA is liable for damages resulting from injury to life, body or health,
which are based on a willful and negligent breach of duty, as well as for
damages according to the Product Liability Act without limitations.
9.2 PANGAEA
is not liable for damages whose causes are beyond its control, in particular
not for damages due to force majeure or for damages caused by users or third parties in
violation of these terms of use.
9.3 PANGAEA
expressly reserves the right to edit, expand or delete sections of pages, or
the entire publication, or to suspend publication temporarily or permanently,
without separate announcement.
9.4 PANGAEA does not guarantee that the PANGAEA platform is
compatible with the hardware and software of the devices of the user. In
addition, PANGAEA does not guarantee that this content is available at any time
or at certain times without restriction or that it meets certain performance or
functional requirements.
10. Termination of use
10.1 PANGAEA and the user may terminate the user relationship at
any time, without the need for a reason. The user may terminate the user
relationship by discontinuing the use of the services via the PANGAEA platform.
Upon termination the user no longer has access to his user account and the uploaded
contents in the user account; PANGAEA reserves the right to delete the account
as well as the uploaded contents.
10.2 The
termination of usage does not include the deletion of research contents of the
user already published via the PANGAEA platform except for the case that the
user revokes the rights on the basis of § 42 UrhG (the work no longer
corresponds to the conviction of the author); in this case PANGAEA is entitled
to charge the costs incurred.
11. Amendment of the terms of use
11.1 PANGAEA
is entitled to amend or supplement the provision of these terms of use at any
time with effect for the future, if this is required due to legal or functional
adaptations of the PANGAEA platform, for example in the case of technical
changes.
11.2 An
amendment or supplement shall be notified to the user by e-mail at the latest
six weeks before its entry into force, without the need to send the details of
the amended or supplemented conditions or the overall revision of the
conditions; it shall suffice to inform the user of the amendments and
supplements made. In the announcement, PANGAEA will provide a link under which
the new version for the terms of use can be viewed in its entirety.
11.3 If
the user does not object to the amendments and supplements within 30 day of the
announcement of the amendments and supplements and continues to use the
service, this shall be deemed to be agreement with the amendments and
supplements; PANGAEA will point this out separately in the announcement.
12. Final provisions
12.1 Should any provision of these terms of use be or become
ineffective, this shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions.
12.2 These terms of use are subject to German law. The place of
jurisdiction for all disputes arising from these terms of use is, as far as
legally permissible, Bremen.
These Terms of Use were last updated on 2020-07-28 (version 1.0).
Developed in cooperation with:
MLS LEGAL (Institut für IT-, Medien- und
Immaterialgüterrecht und Rechtsanwalts- und Fachanwaltsgesellschaft, Bremen).