http://www.aafintl.com/en/commercial/about-us/privacy
Contact Us
Find A Rep
Careers
Login/Register
Regions
Commercial
Commercial
Power & Industrial
Residential
Toggle navigation
Market Insights
Home
Agriculture & Tobacco
Biotechnology
Commercial Buildings
Compounding Pharmacies
Data Centers
Engine Air Filtration
Cannabis Industry
Firing Ranges
Food & Beverage
Government Infrastructure/Homeland Security
Healthcare
Hospitality
Microelectronics
Museums and Historic Storage
Nuclear Applications
Pharmaceutical
Pulp & Paper
Refineries
Schools & Universities
Swine Farms
Wastewater Treatment
Proven Results
Solutions Offered
Home
COVID-19 IAQ
Air Filtration Audit
Breaking Through the Backlog
Clean AIR Center
Corrosion Control
Deferred Maintenance
Equipment Configurator
Gas Phase Services
Indoor Air Quality (IAQ)
ISO 16890
Odor Control
Pharmaceutical Standard Operating Procedures
Predictive Maintenance
Sensor360®
Sustainable Practices
TCO Diagnostic®
Products
Blog
About Us
Home
News
Events
Careers
AF Credit Application
Customer Feedback
Track Shipments
General Information
Terms & Conditions
Tools
Home
Snap Pay
Legacy Vendor Portal
APC Global Applications
Customer Portal
Pricing Portal
Equipment Configurator
Product Catalog
×
AAF Flanders Terms of Use
You must accept the Terms of Use to access this application.
AMERICAN AIR FILTER
COMPANY, INC.
VISIONAIR
CLEAN™ WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
Last Modified:  December 2018
IMPORTANT — CAREFULLY READ: THESE TERMS OF USE ARE
A LEGAL CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND AMERICAN AIR FILTER COMPANY, INC.  BY CLICKING
THE “ACCEPTED ICON” ASSOCIATED WITH THIS PAGE, OR REGISTERING FOR USE OF THIS
SITE, WHICH WILL SERVE AS YOUR SIGNATURE, YOU AGREE TO CONDUCT TRANSACTIONS
ELECTRONICALLY AND TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE
TERMS, YOU SHOULD EXIT THIS PAGE WITHOUT ACCEPTING AND REFRAIN FROM ALL FURTHER
USE OF THIS WEBSITE.
Acceptance of
the Terms of Use
These terms of use are entered into by and among (i)
American Air Filter Company, Inc. (“AAF”, “we”
or “us”), (ii) you, the individual accessing this Website as a
representative of a customer of AAF or other entity for which AAF has approved
access, and (iii) our customer, a potential customer or other person or entity
for which AAF has approved access (collectively, “Customer”). The
following terms and conditions, together with any documents they expressly incorporate
by reference (collectively, these “Terms of Use”), govern your
access to and use of www.aafintl.com/aafvisionairclean,
including any content, functionality and services offered on or through www.aafintl.com/aafvisionairclean (the “Website”), whether as a guest or a registered user.
Please read the Terms of Use carefully before you start to
use the Website. By using the Website or by clicking to accept or agree to
the Terms of Use when this option is made available to you, you accept and
agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use and our VisionAir Clean Privacy
Policy, found at https://www.aafintl.com/en/commercial/about-us/general-information
(the “Privacy Policy”), and incorporated herein by reference, and you agree to
same on behalf of, and as a representative of, our Customer. If you do not
want to agree to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, you must not access
or use the Website.
This Website is offered and available to users who are 18
years of age or older and whose access is approved by AAF.  By using this
Website, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding
contract with AAF and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements and
you are not accessing this Website through a false or misleading user name and
are affiliated with the organization as you have represented. If you do not
meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use the Website.
Changes to the
Terms of Use
We may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to
time in our sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post
them, and apply to all access to, and use of, the Website thereafter. However,
any changes to dispute resolution provisions will not apply to any disputes for
which the parties have actual notice on or prior to the date the change is
posted on the Website.
Your continued use of the Website following the posting of
revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes. You are
expected to check this page from time to time so you are aware of any changes,
as they are binding on you. You can determine when these Terms of Use were last
revised by referring to the “Last Modified” line at the beginning. In the event
that we offer any awards, promotions or contests, you agree that you are subject
to any additional posted terms, rules or guidelines applicable to such
activity, which are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use. We
reserve the right to modify or discontinue this Website at any time without
notice to you, and we will have no liability to you if we do so.
Accessing the
Website and Account Security
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website, and
any service or material we provide on the Website, in our sole discretion
without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the
Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may
restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users,
including registered users.
You are responsible for:
·
Making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the
Website.
·
Ensuring that all persons who access the Website through your
internet connection are aware of these Terms of Use and comply with them.
To access the Website or some of the resources it offers,
you may be asked to provide certain registration details, such as your
affiliation with an organization, or other information. It is a condition of
your use of the Website that all the information you provide on the Website is
correct, current and complete. You agree that all information you provide to
register with this Website or otherwise, including but not limited to through
the use of any interactive features on the Website, is governed by the Privacy
Policy, and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information
consistent with our Privacy Policy.
If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password
or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must
treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any
other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to
you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this Website or
portions of it using your user name, password or other security information.
You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your
user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure
that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular
caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that
others are not able to view or record your password or other personal
information.
We have the right to disable any user name, password or
other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our
sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have
violated any provision of these Terms of Use or if you are no longer affiliated
with a Customer.
Electronic Communication
When you use the assessment function of the Website,
purchase products, complete any applications or send emails to us, you are
communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications
from us electronically. We will communicate with you by email or through
notices on this Website, related websites or by hard copy. You agree that all
agreements, notices, disclosures or other information provided to you
electronically satisfy any legal requirement that any such communication be in
writing.
Confidentiality
You
acknowledge and agree that the Website contains confidential, proprietary,
trade secrets, and other non-public information of AAF and its affiliates and
customers and end users of AAF’s products and services which may include
pricing; financial information; strategies; business plans; market studies; technical
information on AAF’s products and services; drawings; designs; specifications;
models; samples; and customer and end user information including names,
address, telephone numbers, fax numbers, email addresses, customer lists, and
customer order history (collectively, “Confidential Information”). Except
as required for Customer, and you as Customer’s representative, to fulfill
obligations to us as set out in any agreement between Customer and AAF or to
use the services offered on the Website for internal business purposes, you agree,
on behalf of yourself and Customer, that you will (i) not use the Confidential
Information; (ii) protect and safeguard the confidentiality of all such
Confidential Information with at least the same degree of care as you would
protect your own confidential information, but in no event with less than a
commercially reasonable degree of care; (iii) not disclose any of the
Confidential Information to any person, even if in furtherance of the agreement
between AAF and Customer, unless such person has agreed to not use or disclose
such Confidential Information except to use products and services as allowed
under the agreement governing the sale or use; and (iv) not disclose any
Confidential Information, or permit it to be accessed or used, for any purpose
or in any manner to AAF’s detriment, including, without limitation, to reverse
engineer, disassemble, decompile or design around AAF’s proprietary products,
services and intellectual property.
Confidential
Information does not include information that (i) at the time of disclosure is,
or thereafter becomes, generally available to and known by the public other
than as a result of, directly or indirectly, any violation of these Terms of
Use; (ii) at the time of disclosure is, or thereafter becomes, available to you
on a non-confidential basis from a third party source that is not prohibited
from disclosing such information; (iii) was known by or in the possession of you
or Customer, as established by documentary evidence, before being disclosed on
the Website or otherwise with an obligation of confidentiality; or (iv) was
independently developed by you, as established by documentary evidence, without
reference to or use of, in whole or in part, any Confidential Information.
The obligations
of confidentiality set out herein shall survive termination of these Terms of
Use or your access to the Website.
Intellectual Property Rights
The Website and its entire contents, features and
functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text,
displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement
thereof), are owned by AAF, its licensors or other providers of such material
and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark,
patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights
laws. Accordingly, the material and content available on the Website may not be
copied, distributed, republished, uploaded, posted or transmitted in any way except
as specifically allowed under the terms related to the materials or without the
prior written consent of AAF. Modification or use of the material or content on
the Website, except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use or terms
specific to those products or services, violates our or third parties’ intellectual
property rights. Neither title nor intellectual property rights are transferred
to you by access to the Website.
If you submit suggestions, proposals, comments or other
materials (collectively “Submissions”) within the Website you understand
and agree that AAF (i) will have no obligation to keep your Submissions
confidential; (ii) will have no obligation to return your Submissions or
respond in any way; and (iii) may use your Submissions for any purpose in any
way without notice or compensation to you.
These Terms of Use permit you to use the Website as a
representative of the Customer only. Except as necessary to perform your duties
as a representative of the Customer and to fulfill the obligations of Customer
as set out in any agreement Customer may have with AAF, you must not
reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display,
publicly perform, republish, download, store or transmit any of the material on
our Website, except as follows:
·
Your computer may temporarily store copies of such materials in RAM
incidental to your accessing and viewing those materials.
·
You may store files that are automatically cached by your Web
browser for display enhancement purposes.
·
If we provide desktop, mobile or other applications for download,
you may download a single copy to your computer or mobile device solely for
your use as a representative of the Customer, provided you agree to be bound by
the applicable end user license agreement for such applications.
·
If we provide social media or interactive features with certain
content, you may take such actions as are enabled by such features.
You must not:
·
Modify copies of any materials from this Website except as
necessary to perform your duties as a representative of Customer and to fulfill
the obligations of Customer as set out in any agreement Customer may have with AAF.
·
Delete or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary
rights notices from copies of materials from this Website.
If you print, copy, modify, download or otherwise use or
provide any other person with access to any part of the Website in breach of
the Terms of Use, your right to use the Website will cease immediately and you
must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have
made. No right, title or interest in or to the Website or any content on the
Website is transferred to you or Customer, and all rights not expressly granted
are reserved by AAF. Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these
Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright,
trademark and other laws.
Trademarks
The AAF name and all related names, logos, product and
service names, designs and slogans are trademarks of AAF or its affiliates or
licensors. You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of AAF.
All other names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans on this
Website are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Copyright Complaints
AAF respects the intellectual property of others. If you
believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright
infringement, please follow the notice and procedures for making claims of
copyright infringement described below in the section entitled “Copyright
Infringement.”
Prohibited
Uses
You may use the Website only for lawful purposes and in
accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not to use the
Website:
·
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or
international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws
regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other
countries).
·
For the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit
or harm minors or others in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content,
asking for personally identifiable information or otherwise.
·
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any
material which does not comply with the standards set out in these Terms of
Use.
·
To delete or revise any material submitted by any other person or
entity.
·
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or
promotional material without our prior written consent, including any “junk
mail”, “chain letter” or “spam” or any other similar solicitation.
·
To misrepresent your affiliation with AAF or otherwise hold
yourself or Customer out as an employee or affiliate (other than as allowed in any
agreement between AAF and Customer) of AAF or otherwise as having authority to
bind AAF to any agreement with any third party.
·
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate AAF, an AAF employee,
another user or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by
using e-mail addresses or screen names associated with any of the foregoing).
·
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s
use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm AAF or
users of the Website or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you agree not
to:
·
Use the Website in any manner that could disable, overburden,
damage or impair the site or interfere with any other party’s use of the
Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the
Website.
·
Use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means
to access the Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of
the material on the Website.
·
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on
the Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written
consent.
·
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the
proper working of the Website.
·
Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other
material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
·
Attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the system or
network or to breach security or authentication measures.
·
Interfere or attempt to interfere with service to any user, host
or network, including, without limitation, by using a virus, overloading, “flooding”,
“spamming”, “mail bombing” or “crashing.”
·
Send any unsolicited email or forge any TCP/IP packet header or
any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting.
·
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or
disrupt any part of the Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or
any server, computer or database connected to the Website.
·
Attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a
distributed denial-of-service attack.
·
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the
Website.
Taking any of these actions may result in
civil or criminal liability. AAF may investigate occurrences that it believes
may involve such violations, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in
prosecuting users who are involved in such violations.
User Content
The Website may contain message boards, chat rooms,
personal web pages or profiles, forums, bulletin boards, and other interactive
features (collectively, “Interactive Services”) that allow
users to post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other users or other
persons (hereinafter, “post”) content or materials
(collectively, “User Content”) on or through the
Website.
All User Content must comply with the content standards set
out in these Terms of Use.
Any User Content you post to the site will be considered
non-confidential and non-proprietary. By providing any User Content on the
Website, you grant to AAF the worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable,
nonexclusive right and license, sublicensable through multiple tiers, without
compensation to you, to use, reproduce, distribute, adapt (including without
limitation edit, modify, translate and reformat), create derivative works of,
transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, digitally perform, make, have
made, sell, offer for sale and import User Content, in any media now known or
hereafter developed, for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise. You
further irrevocably waive any “moral rights” or other rights with respect to
attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding any User Content
that you may have under any applicable law or under any legal theory. This
section will survive termination of these Terms for any reason.
You represent and warrant that:
·
You own or control all rights in and to User Content you post and
have the right to grant the rights described above to us and our affiliates and
service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors
and assigns.
·
Your provision of User Content through this Website complies with
all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
·
Without our express prior written consent, you will not use the Website
for any commercial purpose other than as related to Customer’s relationship with
AAF, including but not limited to communicating or facilitating any commercial
advertisement or solicitation through the Website.
·
All of your User Content does and will comply with these Terms of
Use.
We are not responsible, or liable to any third party, for
the content or accuracy of any User Content posted by you or any other user of
the Website. You acknowledge and agree that we have no control over, and will
have no liability for any damages resulting from, the use (including without
limitation re-publication) or misuse by any third party of information
voluntarily made public by posting User Content on this Website. IF YOU CHOOSE
TO MAKE ANY OF YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE OR OTHER INFORMATION PUBLICLY
AVAILABLE ON THE WEBSITE OR OTHER SOCIAL MEDIA, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Monitoring and Enforcement; Termination
We have the right to:
·
Edit, remove or refuse to post any User Content for any or no
reason in our sole discretion.
·
Take any action with respect to any User Content that we deem
necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that
such User Content:  (i) violates these Terms of Use, including any content standards,
(ii) infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or
entity, (iii) threatens the personal safety of users of the Website or the
public or (iv) could create liability for AAF.
·
Disclose your identity or other information about you to Customer
any third party who claims that your actions or that material posted by you
violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their
right to privacy.
·
Take appropriate legal action, including without limitation,
referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the
Website.
·
Terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Website
for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these
Terms of Use.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully
cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or
directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting
any materials on or through the Website. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS AAF AND
ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSEES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM
ANY ACTION TAKEN BY AAF OR ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING OR AS A RESULT
OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF
INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER AAF OR SUCH PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
User Content includes the opinions, statements and other
content of third parties. We are not responsible for screening, monitoring or
verifying such content, including such content’s accuracy, reliability or compliance
with copyright or other laws. Any opinions, statements or other materials made
available by third parties through this Website are those of such third parties
and not of AAF, and AAF does not endorse any such opinions, statements or
materials. You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User
Content you submit or contribute, and you, not AAF, have full responsibility
for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy and
appropriateness. We may remove objectionable statements or other content from
the Website at any time. You understand and accept that removed content may
persist in back-up copies for a reasonable period of time. However, we do not
undertake to review all material before it is posted on the Website, and cannot
ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted.
Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding
transmissions, communications or content provided by any user or third party.
We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or
nonperformance of the activities described in this section.
Content
Standards
These content standards apply to any and all User Content
and use of Interactive Services. User Content must in its entirety comply with
all applicable federal, state, local and international laws and regulations.
Without limiting the foregoing, User Content must not:
·
Contain any material which is defamatory, obscene, indecent,
abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise
objectionable.
·
Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or
discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual
orientation or age.
·
Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other
intellectual property or other rights of any person.
·
Violate any obligations of confidentiality by which you or Customer
are bound, whether to AAF or otherwise.
·
Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and
privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or
criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may
be in conflict with these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
·
Be likely to deceive any person.
·
Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any
unlawful act.
·
Cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety or be likely
to upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any person.
·
Impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or
affiliation with any person or organization.
·
Involve contests, sweepstakes and other similar sales promotions,
barter or advertising.
·
Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us
or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
Copyright
Infringement
We take claims of copyright infringement seriously. We will
respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with
applicable law. If you believe that any User Content or any other materials
accessible on or from this Website infringe your copyright, please send a
written notice of copyright infringement to our Copyright Agent who may be contacted
as follows:
Copyright Agent
VisionAir Clean Support
AAF International
9920 Corporate Campus Drive, Suite 2200
Louisville, Kentucky 40223 USA
Phone:  (502) 637-0011
Fax:  (502) 637-0011
Email:  VisionAirCleanSupport@aafintl.com
In accordance with the Online Copyright Infringement
Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C.
§512) (“DMCA”), the written notice (the “DMCA Notice”) must
include substantially the following:
·
A physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to
act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest.
·
Identification of the copyrighted work you believe to have been
infringed or, if the claim involves multiple works on the Website, a
representative list of such works.
·
Identification of the material you believe to be infringing in a
sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate that material.
·
Adequate information by which we can contact you (including your
name, postal address, telephone number, and, if available, email address).
·
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the
copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the
law.
·
A statement that the information in the written notice is
accurate.
·
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to
act on behalf of the copyright owner.
It is the policy of AAF to terminate the user accounts of
repeat infringers. However, if you fail to comply with all of the requirements
of Section 512(c)(3) of the DMCA, your DMCA Notice may not be effective. Please
be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or
activity on the Website is infringing your copyright, you may be held liable
for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) under Section 512(f) of the
DMCA.
If you believe in good faith that someone has wrongly filed
a notice of copyright infringement against you, the DMCA permits you to send a
counter-notice. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current
statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA. See copyright.gov for details.
We endeavor to respond quickly to the concerns of rights
owners about any alleged infringement. We
suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or
counter-notice.
Reliance on
Information Posted or Obtained through the Website
THE INFORMATION PRESENTED ON OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE,
INCLUDING ANY RESULTS, IS MADE AVAILABLE SOLELY FOR GENERAL INFORMATION
PURPOSES. WE DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR USEFULNESS OF THIS
INFORMATION. ANY RELIANCE YOU PLACE ON SUCH INFORMATION IS STRICTLY AT YOUR OWN
RISK. WE DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY AND RESPONSIBILITY ARISING FROM ANY RELIANCE
PLACED ON SUCH MATERIALS BY YOU OR ANY OTHER VISITOR TO THE WEBSITE, OR BY
ANYONE WHO MAY BE INFORMED OF ANY OF ITS CONTENTS.
This Website includes content provided by third parties,
including materials provided by other users, bloggers and third-party
licensors, syndicators, aggregators and/or reporting services. All statements
and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to
questions and other content, other than the content provided by AAF, are solely
the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those
materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect the opinion of AAF. We
are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or
accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties.
Changes to the Website
We may update the content on this Website from time to
time, but its content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. Any of the
material on the Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under
no obligation to update such material.
Information
About You and Your Visits to the Website
All information we collect on this Website is subject to
our Privacy Policy. By using the Website, you consent to all actions taken by
us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
Online
Purchases and Other Terms and Conditions
All purchases through our site or other transactions for
the sale of goods, services or information formed through the Website or as a
result of visits made by you are governed by our Terms and Conditions of Sale located
at https://www.aafintl.com/en/commercial/about-us/general-information, which
are hereby incorporated into these Terms of Use.
Additional terms and conditions may also apply to specific
portions, services or features of the Website. All such additional terms and
conditions are hereby incorporated by this reference into these Terms of Use.
Website Social Media Features
This Website may provide certain social media features that
enable you to:
·
Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain
content on this Website.
·
Send e-mails or other communications with certain content, or
links to certain content, on this Website.
·
Cause limited portions of content on this Website to be displayed
or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.
You may use these features solely as they are provided by
us, and solely with respect to the content they are displayed with and
otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide
with respect to such features. Subject to the foregoing, you must not:
·
Establish a link from any website except as expressly authorized
by us.
·
Cause the Website or portions of it to be displayed, or appear to
be displayed by, for example, framing, deep linking or in-line linking, on any
other site.
·
Link to any part of the Website except as expressly authorized by
us.
·
Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this
Website that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Use.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized
framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw
linking permission without notice.
We may disable all or any social media features and any
links at any time without notice in our discretion.
Links from the
Website
If the Website contains links to other sites and resources
provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only.
This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner
advertisements and sponsored links. Any charges or obligations you incur in
your dealings with these third parties are your responsibility. We have no
control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no
responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use
of them. We make no representation or warranty regarding any content, goods
and/or services provided by any third party even if linked to from our Website,
and will not be liable for any claim relating to any third party content, goods
and/or services. The linked sites are not under the control of AAF and may
collect data or solicit personal information from you. AAF is not responsible
for any actions or omissions by such sites, for their content, business
practices or privacy policies, or for their collection, use or disclosure of
any information. Further, the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement
by AAF of any linked sites. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIRD PARTY SITES AND
RESOURCES AND ANY CONTENT, INFORMATION, DATA, ADVERTISING, PRODUCTS, SERVICES
OR OTHER MATERIALS ON OR AVAILABLE THROUGH SUCH SITES AND RESOURCES IS AT YOUR
OWN RISK AND IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE APPLICABLE TO SUCH
SITES AND RESOURCES.
Geographic Restrictions
The owner of the Website is based in the state of Kentucky
in the United States. We provide this Website for use only by persons located
in the United States. We make no claims that the Website or any of its content
is accessible or appropriate outside of the United States. Access to the
Website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you
access the Website from outside the United States, you do so on your own
initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Disclaimer of
Warranties
You understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or
warrant that files available for downloading from the internet or the Website
will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for
implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular
requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output,
and for maintaining a means external to our site for any reconstruction of any
lost data. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED
DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, VIRUSES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL
THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA OR OTHER
PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS
OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR TO YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL POSTED ON
IT, OR ON ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO IT.
YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR
ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE WEBSITE, ITS
CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON
AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NEITHER AAF NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH AAF MAKES ANY
WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY,
RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY RESULTS OR
INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING,
NEITHER AAF NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH AAF REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE
WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL
BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE
CORRECTED, THAT OUR WEBSITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF
VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR
ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR
EXPECTATIONS.
AAF HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY
WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT
BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Limitation on
Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL AAF, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS,
SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED
TO IT, ANY CONTENT ON THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES OR ANY SERVICES OR
ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL
DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED
SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF
FORESEEABLE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE
EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless AAF, its
affiliates, licensors and service providers, and its and their respective
officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers,
successors and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages,
judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable
attorneys’ fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms of
Use or your use of the Website, including, but not limited to, your User
Content, any use of the Website’s content, services and products other than as
expressly authorized in these Terms of Use or your use of any information
obtained from the Website.
Governing Law
and Jurisdiction
All matters relating to the Website and these Terms of Use
and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case,
including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky,
USA, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.
Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or
related to, these Terms of Use or the Website shall be instituted exclusively
in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the Commonwealth of
Kentucky, in each case located in the City of Louisville and County of Jefferson
although we retain the right to bring any suit, action or proceeding against
you for breach of these Terms of Use in your country of residence or any other
relevant country. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of
jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
Arbitration
At AAF’s sole discretion, it may require you to submit any
disputes arising from the use of these Terms of Use or the Website, including
disputes arising from or concerning their interpretation, violation,
invalidity, non-performance or termination, to final and binding arbitration
under the Rules of Arbitration of the American Arbitration Association applying
Kentucky law.
Limitation on
Time to File Claims
ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1)
YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES; OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR
CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Waiver and Severability
No waiver by AAF of any term or condition set forth in
these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term
or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of AAF
to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a
waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court
or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to
the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will
continue in full force and effect.
Entire
Agreement
These Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy, Terms and
Conditions of Sale, and all other applicable license agreements or terms of use
that may apply to any feature or function made available through the Website constitute
the sole and entire agreement between you and American Air Filter Company, Inc.
with respect to the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous
understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and
oral, with respect to the Website. In the event of any inconsistency between
these Terms of Use and the terms of any other applicable document referenced
herein, the more restrictive terms shall control to resolve such inconsistency.
Notices
We may notify you via postings on www.aafintl.com/aafvisionairclean,
or via e-mail or any other communications means you provide to us. If you are a
user in the United States, all notices given by you or required from you under
these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy must be in writing and addressed to: AAF
International, Attn: VisionAir Clean Support, 9920 Corporate Campus Drive,
Suite 2200, Louisville, Kentucky 40223 USA or if relating to copyright
infringement, given as provided in the “Copyright Infringement” section of
these Terms of Use. You consent to receive communications from us
electronically. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other
communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy our legal
requirements that such communications be in writing. Any notices that you
provide without compliance with this Section on Notices will have no legal
effect.
Equitable Remedies
You acknowledge that the rights granted and obligations
made under these Terms of Use to AAF are of a unique and irreplaceable nature,
the loss of which will irreparably harm AAF and which cannot be replaced by
monetary damages alone. Accordingly, AAF will be entitled to injunctive or
other equitable relief (without the obligations of posting any bond or surety
or proof of damages) in the event of any breach or anticipatory breach by you.
You irrevocably waive all rights to seek injunctive or
other equitable relief, or to enjoin or restrain the operation of the Website,
exploitation of any advertising or other materials issued in connection
therewith, or exploitation of the Website or any content or other material used
or displayed through the website and agree to limit your claims to claims for
monetary damages, limited by these Terms of Use (if any).
Force Majeure
AAF will not be liable for any delay or failure to perform
resulting from causes outside the reasonable control of AAF, including without
limitation any failure to perform hereunder due to unforeseen circumstances or
cause beyond our control such as acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes,
acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, network
infrastructure failures, strikes, or shortages of transportation facilities,
fuel, energy, labor or materials.
Your Comments
and Concerns
This Website is operated by American Air Filter Company,
Inc., 9920 Corporate Campus Drive, Suite 2200, Louisville, Kentucky 40223 USA.
All notices of copyright infringement claims should be sent
in writing to AAF as set out in these Terms of Use.
All other feedback, comments, requests for technical
support and other communications relating to the Website should be directed to:
VisionAirCleanSupport@aafintl.com.
I Do Not Accept
I Accept
Also, see our Privacy statement here...AAF Flanders Privacy statement
×
Search
×
Login/Register
LOGIN
USER REGISTRATION
Forgot Username?
Forgot Password?
×
Americas
English
Asia, Australia & Middle East
English (English)
English (India)
English (UAE)
Europe
English
Finnish
France
Latvia
German
Italian
Spanish
Swedish
C&I Privacy Policy
About Us
/
C&I Privacy Policy
Americas, Asia, China
American Air Filter Company, Inc. WEBSITE PRIVACY STATEMENT
American Air Filter Company, Inc. dba AAF International (“AAF”) is committed to safeguarding the privacy of visitors to this site.  We have organized our website so that you may visit this website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. In some instances, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself or your company in order to better serve you. Any information you choose to provide will be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement. We have provided this Privacy Statement to answer some of the questions you may have regarding the types of information we may collect from our website and what we do with this information. By visiting this website, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Statement.
Information Security
AAF is committed to keeping the information you provide us secure. We use the highest available industry-standard practices to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, misuse or alteration. Access to such information is limited to individuals who have a business need consistent with the reason the information was provided. Vendors or contractors of AAF who have access to your personal information in connection with providing services to AAF are required to protect the information to the same standard AAF does. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on our website to protect sensitive information such as a credit card number during its transmission.
The Information We Collect
At AAF, we do not collect any personally identifiable information about you through our website unless you voluntarily provide it.  You may at anytime opt-out of providing such personally identifiable information by simply not providing it or discontinuing your use of this website. AAF uses cookies and web beacons to improve and manage our website. AAF does not use cookies or web beacons to collect or store personally identifiable information.
A cookie is a piece of data placed on your computer when you visit a website.  Cookies are used to store non-personal information which improve and manage your website experience. A cookie can also be tailored to store preference information to customize your website experience.
Web beacons are small transparent GIF files that help us to manage our website by counting how many people visit a certain web page. Both web beacons and cookies help us to understand how consumers use our website so that we can implement better website services.
Information Sharing
AAF does not sell the personally identifiable information you provide for financial gain nor does AAF share such information with third parties for the purpose of sending you advertisements for products or services unaffiliated with AAF. AAF may share personally identifiable information that you provide for legitimate business purposes such as to other companies we have hired to provided services for us. These companies are contractually bound to adhere to AAF’s Privacy Statement and such information will only be used to perform the services they were hired to provide. AAF will not release any personally identifiable information without your explicit consent. AAF does, however, reserve the right to share such information to respond to duly authorized information requests of governmental authorities or where required by law.
Children’s Privacy
AAF strongly advises all parents and guardians to teach there children safe and responsible handling of personally identifiable information on the Internet. This website is not directed to children under the age of 13 and we will not knowingly collect or use any such information from anyone identified as being under the age of 13.
Links to Other Websites
AAF’s website may contain links to other websites to which this Privacy Statement does not extend.  Please be aware that AAF does not monitor or control the content or privacy policies of the external websites and therefore is not responsible for the privacy polices, data collection practices, or content of linked external websites. We recommend that when using a link to a non-AAF website, you investigate the privacy practices and policies of such external website.
Access to Collected Information
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement or how your personally identifiable information is processed, please contact us directly as described below.
AAF International
AAF International Data Protection Dept.
9920 Corporate Campus Drive
Suite 2200
Louisville
,
KY
40223-6169
Your Acceptance of Our Privacy Statement
By using this website or any other AAF website, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Statement, and you adhere to the Terms and Conditions posted in the website. If you do not agree with any of these terms in this Privacy Statement, please do not use this website or submit any personally identifiable information.
Changes to This Privacy Statement
Please check this Privacy Statement periodically to inform yourself of any changes. AAF reserves the right to revise this Privacy Statement at any time.  Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted to this Privacy Statement, the AAF Homepage, and any other places we deem appropriate. Use of our website after the posting of a revised Privacy Statement constitutes your agreement with the revised Privacy Statement.
Europe
We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise. Data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of AAF International. The use of the Internet pages of AAF International is possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to AAF International. By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
As the controller, AAF International has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by telephone.
1. Definitions
The data protection declaration of AAF International is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used. In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:
a) Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
b) Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.
c) Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
d) Restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
e) Profiling
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
f) Pseudonymisation
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.
g) Controller or controller responsible for the processing
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.
h) Processor
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
i) Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
j) Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.
k) Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.
2. Name and Address of the Controller
The Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:
Germany:
Odenwaldstrasse 4
64646 Heppenheim
Germany
Directors: Dr. Stefan Berbner
Tel: +49 (0)6252 69977-0
Email: sales.germany@aafeurope.com
Website: https://www.aafintl.com/de-de/commercial
Netherlands:
AAF International B.V.
Phileas Foggstraat 5
7821 AJ Emmen
Netherlands
Directors: Dr. Stefan Berbner
Tel.: +31 591 66 44 66
E-Mail: aaf.verkoop@aafeurope.com
Website: https://www.aafintl.com/en-gb/commercial
Belgium:
S.A. AAF N.V.
P.O. box 24 / Louiselaan 149
1050 Brussel
Belgium
Directors: Ruud Heeringa, Dr Stefan Berbner
Tel.: +33 143984223
E-Mail: sales.france@aafeurope.com
Website: https://www.aafintl.com/fr-fr/commercial
France:
AAF International-Division Filtration France
Ecoparc Louviers Sud
B.P 132
27401 LOUVIERS CEDEX
France
Director: Darren Allsopp
Tel.: +33 143984223
E-Mail: sales.france@aafeurope.com
Website: https://www.aafintl.com/fr-fr/commercial
Austria:
AAF Luftreinigungssysteme Gesellschaft mbH
Industriestraße B 16/ B 4
A-2345 Brunn am Gebirge
Austria
Directors: Dr. Stefan Berbner
Tel.: +43 2236677628
E-Mail: sales.austria@aafeurope.com
Website: https://www.aafintl.com/de-de/commercial
UK:
Air Filters Ltd.
Bassington Lane
Cramlington
NE23 8AF
United Kingdom
Directors: Dr. Stefan Berbner; Ian Creasey
Tel.: +44 1670591790
E-Mail: airfilter@aafeurope.com
Website: https://www.aafintl.com/en-gb/commercial
Finland:
Dinair Cleanair Oy
Koivuvaarankuja 2
01640 Vantaa
Finland
Director: Kirsi Nyberg
Tel.: +4610 3222 610
E-Mail: cleanair@dinair.fi
Website: https://www.dinair.se/fi
Denmark:
Dinair ApS
Vallensbaekvej 63.1
2625 Vallensbaek
Denmark
Director: Niels-Erik Kongste
Tel.: +45 70260166
E-Mail: info.dk@aafeurope.com
Website: https://www.aafintl.com/en-gb/commercial
Norway:
Dinair AS
Professor Birkelands vei 36
1081, Oslo
Norway
Director: Dr. Stefan Berbner
Tel.: +47 22 90 59 00
E-Mail: post@ekonomifilter.no
Website: https://www.dinair.se/nb
Slovakia:
AAF International, s.r.o.
Bratislavska 517
91105 Trencin
Slovakia
Directors: Dr. Stefan Berbner, Jane-Enny van Lambalgen
Website: https://www.aafintl.com/en-gb/commercial
Greece:
AAF Environmental Control MEPE
1, Ifaistou & Kikladon
15354- Glika Nera
Greece
Director: Raimundo Castillo
Tel.: +30 2106632015
E-Mail: greece@aafeurope.com
Website: https://www.aafintl.com/en-gb/commercial
Spain:
AAF SA(U)
Urartea, N.11
01010 Vitoria - Gasteiz
Spain
Directors: Darren Allsopp; Carmella Wantland, Dr. Stefan Berbner…
Tel.: +34 916624866
E-Mail: info@aaf.com
Website: https://www.aafintl.com/es-es/commercial
Italy:
AAF S.r.l.
Via Friuli 28/30
21047 Saronno VA
Italy
Director: Dr. Stefan Berbner
Tel.: +39 029624096
E-Mail: sales.italy@aafeurope.com
Website: https://www.aafintl.com/it-it/commercial
Sweden:
Dinair AB
Box 120
592 22 Vadstena
Sweden
Directors: Dr. Stefan Berbner; Mattias Sparrborn
Tel.: +46 14312580
E-Mail: info.se@aafeurope.com
Website: https://www-dinair.se
Latvia:
Dinair Filton SIA
Olaines nov., Olaine, Rûpnîcu iela 4
LV-2114
Latvia
Directors: Kent Petersson; Dr. Stefan Berbner
Tel.: +371 670 69829
E-Mail: info.se@aafeurope.com
Website: https://www.dinair.se/kontakt/dinair-lettland/
AAF International is a summary term for all legal entities mentioned above.
3. Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer for the Controller is: Mr. Masafumi Yamamoto, Daikin Industries, Ltd.; Umeda Center Bldg., 2-4-12, Nakazaki-Nishi, Kita-ku, Osaka, 530-8323, Japan
Any data subject may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer directly with all questions and suggestions concerning data protection.
4. Cookies
The Internet pages of AAF International use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser.
Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which Internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the dats subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific Internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.
Through the use of cookies, AAF International can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.
By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. The website user that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user's computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop. The online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie.
The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.
5. Collection of General Data and Information
The website of AAF International collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
When using these general data and information, AAF International does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimise the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack.
Therefore, AAF International analyses anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
6. Registration on Our Website
The data subject has the possibility to register on the website of the controller with the indication of personal data. Which personal data are transmitted to the controller is determined by the respective input mask used for the registration. The personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller, and for his own purposes. The controller may request transfer to one or more processors (e.g. a parcel service) that also uses personal data for an internal purpose which is attributable to the controller.
By registering on the website of the controller, the IP address—assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject—date, and time of the registration are also stored. The storage of this data takes place against the background that this is the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to make it possible to investigate committed offenses. Insofar, the storage of this data is necessary to secure the controller. This data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal prosecution.
The registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication of personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered users due to the nature of the matter in question. Registered persons are free to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of the controller.
The data controller shall, at any time, provide information upon request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about the data subject. In addition, the data controller shall correct or erase personal data at the request or indication of the data subject, insofar as there are no statutory storage obligations. The entirety of the controller’s employees are available to the data subject in this respect as contact persons.
7. Subscription to Our Newsletters
On the website of AAF International, users are given the opportunity to subscribe to our enterprise's newsletter. The input mask used for this purpose determines what personal data are transmitted, as well as when the newsletter is ordered from the controller.
AAF International informs its customers and business partners regularly by means of a newsletter about enterprise offers. The enterprise's newsletter may only be received by the data subject if (1) the data subject has a valid e-mail address and (2) the data subject registers for the newsletter shipping. A confirmation e-mail will be sent to the e-mail address registered by a data subject for the first time for newsletter shipping, for legal reasons, in the double opt-in procedure. This confirmation e-mail is used to prove whether the owner of the e-mail address as the data subject is authorized to receive the newsletter.
During the registration for the newsletter, we also store the IP address of the computer system assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject at the time of the registration, as well as the date and time of the registration. The collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the (possible) misuse of the e-mail address of a data subject at a later date, and it therefore serves the aim of the legal protection of the controller.
The personal data collected as part of a registration for the newsletter will only be used to send our newsletter. In addition, subscribers to the newsletter may be informed by e-mail, as long as this is necessary for the operation of the newsletter service or a registration in question, as this could be the case in the event of modifications to the newsletter offer, or in the event of a change in technical circumstances. There will be no transfer of personal data collected by the newsletter service to third parties. The subscription to our newsletter may be terminated by the data subject at any time. The consent to the storage of personal data, which the data subject has given for shipping the newsletter, may be revoked at any time. For the purpose of revocation of consent, a corresponding link is found in each newsletter. It is also possible to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time directly on the website of the controller, or to communicate this to the controller in a different way.
8. Newsletter-Tracking
The newsletter of AAF International contains so-called tracking pixels. A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic embedded in such e-mails, which are sent in HTML format to enable log file recording and analysis. This allows a statistical analysis of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns. Based on the embedded tracking pixel, AAF International may see if and when an e-mail was opened by a data subject, and which links in the e-mail were called up by data subjects.
Such personal data collected in the tracking pixels contained in the newsletters are stored and analyzed by the controller in order to optimize the shipping of the newsletter, as well as to adapt the content of future newsletters even better to the interests of the data subject. These personal data will not be passed on to third parties. Data subjects are at any time entitled to revoke the respective separate declaration of consent issued by means of the double-opt-in procedure. After a revocation, these personal data will be deleted by the controller. AAF International automatically regards a withdrawal from the receipt of the newsletter as a revocation.
9. Contact Possibility Via the Website
The website of AAF International contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.
10. Routine Erasure and Blocking of Personal Data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.
11. Rights of the Data Subject
a) Right of confirmation
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
b) Right of access
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:
- the purposes of the processing;
- the categories of personal data concerned;
- the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
- where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
- the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;
- the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
- where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
- the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
c) Right to rectification
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:
- The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
- The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
- The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
- The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
- The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
- The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by AAF International, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller. An employee of AAF International shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.
Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. An employee of AAF International will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.
e) Right of restriction of processing
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
- The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
- The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
- The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
- The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by AAF International, he or she may at any time contact any employee of the controller. The employee of AAF International will arrange the restriction of the processing.
f) Right to data portability
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact any employee of AAF International.
g) Right to object
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
AAF International shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
If AAF International processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to AAF International to the processing for direct marketing purposes, AAF International will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.
In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by AAF International for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may contact any employee of AAF International. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.
If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, AAF International shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of AAF International.
i) Right to withdraw data protection consent
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of AAF International.
(j) Reporting obligation
If you have exercised the right to correct or delete the data, or to limit the processing of the data by the data controller, then the data controller shall be obligated to inform all parties to whom your personal data has been disclosed about this correction or deletion of the data, or of this limitation to the processing of the data, unless this proves to be impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. You shall be entitled to be informed about these parties by the data controller.
k) Right to withdraw data protection consent
Without prejudice to any other administrative or legal remedy, you shall have the right to appeal to a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state where you reside, where you work or where the alleged infringement occurred, if you are of the opinion that the processing of your personal data infringes the provisions of the GDPR.
The supervisory authority with whom the appeal has been lodged, shall inform the plaintiff about the progress and the results of the appeal, including the possibility of legal remedy in accordance with Art. 78 of the GDPR.
12. Data Protection for Applications and the Application Procedures
The data controller shall collect and process the personal data of applicants for the purpose of the processing of the application procedure. The processing may also be carried out electronically. This is the case, in particular, if an applicant submits corresponding application documents by e-mail or by means of a web form on the website to the controller. If the data controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the submitted data will be stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with legal requirements. If no employment contract is concluded with the applicant by the controller, the application documents shall be automatically erased two months after notification of the refusal decision, provided that no other legitimate interests of the controller are opposed to the erasure. Other legitimate interest in this relation is, e.g. a burden of proof in a procedure under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG).
13. Data Protection Provisions About the Application and Use of Facebook
On this website, the controller has integrated components of the enterprise Facebook. Facebook is a social network.
A social network is a place for social meetings on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information. Facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.
The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States. If a person lives outside of the United States or Canada, the controller is the Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet website, which is operated by the controller and into which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-ins) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download display of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook through the Facebook component. An overview of all the Facebook Plug-ins may be accessed under https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. During the course of this technical procedure, Facebook is made aware of what specific sub-site of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook, Facebook detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-site of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Facebook component and associated with the respective Facebook account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Facebook buttons integrated into our website, e.g. the "Like" button, or if the data subject submits a comment, then Facebook matches this information with the personal Facebook user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
Facebook always receives, through the Facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook during the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not. If such a transmission of information to Facebook is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Facebook account before a call-up to our website is made.
The data protection guideline published by Facebook, which is available at https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook. These applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to Facebook.
14. Data Protection Provisions About the Application and Use of Getty Images Photos
On this website, the controller has integrated components of the enterprise Getty Images. Getty Images is an American picture agency. A picture agency is an enterprise which provides images and other image material on the market. Generally, picture agencies market photographs, illustrations and footage. A picture agency licenses different customers, in particular Internet website operators, editors of print and television media and advertising agencies, the images used by them.
The operating company of the Getty Images components is Getty Images International, 1st floor, The Herbert Building, The Park, Carrickmines, Dublin 18, Ireland.
Getty Images allows the embedding of stock images (where possibly free of charge). Embedding is the inclusion or integration of any specific foreign content, e.g. text, video or image data provided by a foreign website, and then appears on the own website. A so-called embedded code is used to embed. An embedded code is an HTML code that is integrated into a website from a website owner. When an embedded code is integrated by a website owner, the external content of the other website is displayed by default immediately, as long as a website is visited. To display third-party content, the external content is loaded directly from the other Internet site. Getty Images provides further information about the embedded of content under http://www.gettyimages.de/resources/embed.
Through the technical implementation of the embedded code, which allows the image display of the images of Getty Images, the IP address of the Internet connection, through which the data subject accesses our website, is transmitted to Getty Images. Further, Getty Images collects our website, browser type, browser language, and time and length of access. In addition, Getty Images may collect navigation information, which is information about which of our subpages have been visited by the data subject and which links have been clicked on, as well as other interactions that the data subject has carried out when visiting our website. This data may be stored and analyzed by Getty Images.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Getty Images may be retrieved under http://www.gettyimages.de/enterprise/privacy-policy.
15. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Analytics (with anonymization function)
On this website, the controller has integrated the component of Google Analytics (with the anonymizer function). Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behavior of visitors to websites. A web analysis service collects, inter alia, data about the website from which a person has come (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages were visited, or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed. Web analytics are mainly used for the optimization of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.
The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States.
For the web analytics through Google Analytics the controller uses the application "_gat. _anonymizeIp". By means of this application the IP address of the Internet connection of the data subject is abridged by Google and anonymised when accessing our websites from a Member State of the European Union or another Contracting State to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyze the traffic on our website. Google uses the collected data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other services concerning the use of our Internet site for us.
Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyze the use of our website. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and into which a Google Analytics component was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through the Google Analytics component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Google. During the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Google, inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements.
The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits of our website by the data subject. With each visit to our Internet site, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google Analytics from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data that are generated by Google Analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google and the chance to preclude any such. For this purpose, the data subject must download a browser add-on under the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install it. This browser add-on tells Google Analytics through a JavaScript, that any data and information about the visits of Internet pages may not be transmitted to Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by Google. If the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable Google Analytics. If the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and under http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html. Google Analytics is further explained under the following Link https://www.google.com/analytics/.
16. Data Protection Provisions About the Application and Use of Google+
On this website, the controller has integrated the Google+ button as a component. Google+ is a so-called social network. A social network is a social meeting place on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information. Google+ allows users of the social network to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos and network through friend requests.
The operating company of Google+ is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this website, which is operated by the controller and on which a Google+ button has been integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject automatically downloads a display of the corresponding Google+ button of Google through the respective Google+ button component. During the course of this technical procedure, Google is made aware of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. More detailed information about Google+ is available under https://developers.google.com/+/. If the data subject is logged in at the same time to Google+, Google recognizes with each call-up to our website by the data subject and for the entire duration of his or her stay on our Internet site, which specific sub-pages of our Internet page were visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Google+ button and Google matches this with the respective Google+ account associated with the data subject.
If the data subject clicks on the Google+ button integrated on our website and thus gives a Google+ 1 recommendation, then Google assigns this information to the personal Google+ user account of the data subject and stores the personal data. Google stores the Google+ 1 recommendation of the data subject, making it publicly available in accordance with the terms and conditions accepted by the data subject in this regard. Subsequently, a Google+ 1 recommendation given by the data subject on this website together with other personal data, such as the Google+ account name used by the data subject and the stored photo, is stored and processed on other Google services, such as search-engine results of the Google search engine, the Google account of the data subject or in other places, e.g. on Internet pages, or in relation to advertisements. Google is also able to link the visit to this website with other personal data stored on Google. Google further records this personal information with the purpose of improving or optimizing the various Google services.
Through the Google+ button, Google receives information that the data subject visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call-up to our website is logged in to Google+. This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks or doesn’t click on the Google+ button.
If the data subject does not wish to transmit personal data to Google, he or she may prevent such transmission by logging out of his Google+ account before calling up our website.
Further information and the data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. More references from Google about the Google+ 1 button may be obtained under https://developers.google.com/+/web/buttons-policy.
17. Data protection provisions about the application and use of LinkedIn
The controller has integrated components of the LinkedIn Corporation on this website. LinkedIn is a web-based social network that enables users with existing business contacts to connect and to make new business contacts. Over 400 million registered people in more than 200 countries use LinkedIn. Thus, LinkedIn is currently the largest platform for business contacts and one of the most visited websites in the world.
The operating company of LinkedIn is LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court Mountain View, CA 94043, UNITED STATES. For privacy matters outside of the UNITED STATES LinkedIn Ireland, Privacy Policy Issues, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland, is responsible.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a LinkedIn component (LinkedIn plug-in) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to the download of a display of the corresponding LinkedIn component of LinkedIn. Further information about the LinkedIn plug-in may be accessed under https://developer.linkedin.com/plugins. During the course of this technical procedure, LinkedIn gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on LinkedIn, LinkedIn detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the LinkedIn component and associated with the respective LinkedIn account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the LinkedIn buttons integrated on our website, then LinkedIn assigns this information to the personal LinkedIn user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
LinkedIn receives information via the LinkedIn component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in at LinkedIn at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the LinkedIn button or not. If such a transmission of information to LinkedIn is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their LinkedIn account before a call-up to our website is made.
LinkedIn provides under https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls the possibility to unsubscribe from e-mail messages, SMS messages and targeted ads, as well as the ability to manage ad settings. LinkedIn also uses affiliates such as Eire, Google Analytics, BlueKai, DoubleClick, Nielsen, Comscore, Eloqua, and Lotame. The setting of such cookies may be denied under https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy. The applicable privacy policy for LinkedIn is available under https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy. The LinkedIn Cookie Policy is available under https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy.
18. Data Protection Provisions About the Application and Use of Twitter
On this website, the controller has integrated components of Twitter. Twitter is a multilingual, publicly-accessible microblogging service on which users may publish and spread so-called ‘tweets,’ e.g. short messages, which are limited to 140 characters. These short messages are available for everyone, including those who are not logged on to Twitter. The tweets are also displayed to so-called followers of the respective user. Followers are other Twitter users who follow a user's tweets. Furthermore, Twitter allows you to address a wide audience via hashtags, links or retweets.
The operating company of Twitter is Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, UNITED STATES.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a Twitter component (Twitter button) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Twitter component of Twitter. Further information about the Twitter buttons is available under https://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. During the course of this technical procedure, Twitter gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. The purpose of the integration of the Twitter component is a retransmission of the contents of this website to allow our users to introduce this web page to the digital world and increase our visitor numbers.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Twitter, Twitter detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Twitter component and associated with the respective Twitter account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Twitter buttons integrated on our website, then Twitter assigns this information to the personal Twitter user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
Twitter receives information via the Twitter component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in on Twitter at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Twitter component or not. If such a transmission of information to Twitter is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Twitter account before a call-up to our website is made.
The applicable data protection provisions of Twitter may be accessed under https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.
19. Data Protection Provisions About the Application and Use of YouTube
On this website, the controller has integrated components of YouTube. YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them. YouTube allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full movies and TV broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal.
The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, UNITED STATES. The YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding YouTube component. Further information about YouTube may be obtained under https://www.youtube.com/yt/about/en/. During the course of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google gain knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in on YouTube, YouTube recognizes with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a YouTube video, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by the data subject. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the data subject.
YouTube and Google will receive information through the YouTube component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on YouTube; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a YouTube video or not. If such a transmission of this information to YouTube and Google is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own YouTube account before a call-up to our website is made.
YouTube's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.
20. Legal Basis for the Processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).
21. The Legitimate Interests Pursued by the Controller or by a Third Party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.
22. International Transfers
If we disclose your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy, this may include transferring your data to our affiliates or to third parties in countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
If we transfer your personal data to countries outside the EEA, this transfer shall be solely on the basis of the standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission.
We will be pleased to give you access to the contract upon request. For this purpose, please contact the relevant parties defined in Clause 2.
23. Period for Which the Personal Data Will be Stored
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.
24. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner). Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded. Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact any employee. The employee clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.
25. Existence of Automated Decision-making
As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
This Privacy Policy has been generated by the Privacy Policy Generator of the German Association for Data Protection that was developed in cooperation with RC GmbH, which sells used IT and the filesharing Lawyers from WBS-LAW.
Have Questions?
Contact Us
Contact Sales
Search
Market Insights
Blog
Proven Results
Tools
Solutions Offered
About Us
Track Shipments
Find A Rep
Terms & Conditions
General Information
News
Events
Imprint for C&I
Products