http://www.prokon.com/about/legal/terms-and-conditions
PROKON :: Terms and Conditions
Home
Analysis
Frame and Finite Element AnalysisAnalysis of 3D structures and simple beams
General Structural AnalysisSection properties and other analyses
Geotechnical AnalysisSoil and rock stability analysis
Pronet Water Network AnalysisExtension for AutoCAD® Civil 3D
Design
Supported Design CodesInternational codes of practice
Steel Member DesignSteel frames, trusses and girders
Steel Connection DesignSimple and moment connections
Concrete DesignBeams, slabs, columns, walls and footings
Timber DesignTimber frames and trusses
Masonry DesignMasonry sections and walls
Detailing
PaddsCAD and concrete detailing
Probar 2D (AutoPadds)Concrete detailing in AutoCAD®
B.I.M.
Prodesk SuiteRevit and AutoCAD model exchange
Autodesk ProductsProkon Build (South Africa) website
Web Apps
WebSecSection Properties
App StreamingPROKON SaaS
Downloads
PROKON Setup PackagePROKON installer
PROKON Program UpdatesEligibility and procedures
PROKON Service PackAll-in-one ZIP archive
Autodesk Extensions DownloadExtensions for Revit and AutoCAD
All DownloadsList of individual downloads
Support
Support OptionsEligibility and support channels
KnowledgebaseFrequently asked questions
Request SupportOpen support ticket
Live DemonstrationsInteractive web-based sessions
Training CoursesPROKON training courses
Demonstration VideosVideo overviews
Shop
Purchase OptionsLicensing structure
Price ListPrices for all modules
Try before you BuyFree trial license
Order OnlineOrder a PROKON license
Terms and ConditionsLicensing terms
About
Company HistoryLooking beyond the first 30 years
Meet the TeamStaff profiles
Careers at ProkonFor uniquely skilled individuals
Contact UsBranches and resellers
Legal NoticesPrivacy, copyright and trademarks
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright Notice
Trademarks
Text Size
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions of Sale and Rental of Prokon Product Licenses:
1. Definitions
For the purpose of this document:
1.1. "Prokon" means Prokon Software Consultants (Pty) Ltd, a South African Company with its principal place of business located at 10 Guild House, 239 Bronkhorst Street, New Muckleneuk, Pretoria, South Africa;
1.2. "partner" means Prokon's duly appointed representative, agent, regional distributor, or regional reseller;
1.3. "client" means a third party desiring to use one or more of the Prokon Products for his own design needs;
1.4. "Authorised User" means a natural person that has been granted access to the license by the Client;
1.5. "module" means a program in the Prokon suite of programs with a unique product code and product name e.g. A03:Frame Analysis;
1.6. "The software" means any module or a collection of modules;
1.7. "set" means one or more modules that have been grouped for use in the same license instance, e.g. Prokon Set1;
1.8. "workstation" means a set of modules, that can be accessed by an Authorised User, and with the maximum number of concurrent users determined by the number of workstations;
1.9. "update" means a free replacement of an older version of a module by a newer version of that module;
1.10. "EULA" means the End User License Agreement, may also be titled "Non-Exclusive Licence Agreement" which needs to be agreed to in order to use the Software;
1.11. "license agreement" means a license rental agreement or license purchase agreement, subject to the EULA. The agreement pertains to usage of the modules as distributed by Prokon on the purchase or shipping date, or any date thereafter, including updates that are permitted by Prokon in the agreement;
1.12. "license rental agreement" means an agreement whereby a Client rents licenses for usage of a specified number of workstations in one or more sets to be used for a predefined period;
1.13. "license purchase agreement" means an agreement whereby a Client purchases licenses for usage of a specified number of workstations in one or more sets to be used for an indefinite period;
1.14. "software maintenance" means the right to install program updates and request technical support at no additional charge;
1.15. "technical support" means the assistance provided to the Client or their Authorised Users on the correct usage of the Software;
1.16. "program update" means a replacement of an older version of a module by a newer version of that module;
1.17. "rental renewal" means the extension of an existing license rental agreement or reinstatement of an expired license rental agreement;
1.18. "maintenance agreement" means a plan whereby Prokon grants continuous access to software maintenance to a Client that has entered into a license purchase agreement;
1.19. "license upgrade" means the renewal of an older license purchase agreement that is no longer eligible for software maintenance
1.20. Unless the context clearly indicates a contrary intention, expressions which denote:
1.20.1. any reference to a gender includes the other genders;
1.20.2. any reference to natural persons includes legal persons and vice versa;
1.20.3. any reference to the singular includes the plural and vice versa;
1.20.4. references to a "person" shall be construed as including references to an individual, firm, company, corporation, partnership, association, unincorporated body of persons, trust, a State or any Governmental Authority or any other entity whether acting in an individual, financing or other capacity and to such person’s permitted successors.
2. Client Requirements:
Before an agreement exists the client shall:
2.1. complete an order in a format suitable to Prokon or a Partner;
2.2. return the completed order of 2.1 to said partner in a format that is easily legible in a language that is understandable to Prokon or the Partner;
2.3. on receipt of an invoice, pay the full amount and communicate proof of payment to the said partner in a format that is legible in a language that is understandable to them;
2.4. acquaint himself with the EULA, and choose to accept it.
3. Prokon’s responsibilities:
3.1. On receipt of the client details Prokon shall record the details in their client database subject to Prokon’s client data privacy protocol.
3.2. Prokon or the Partner will provide the Client with an invoice.
3.3. On receipt of proof of payment, Prokon will provide the Client access to the software license.
4. Regional Pricing:
4.1. Prokon will issue a Suggested Retail Price (SRP) list to all Partners in a currency of Prokon’s choice.
4.2. Partners will provide regional pricing in local currencies of their choice.
4.3. Prokon may at their sole discretion grant regional discounts.
4.4. Prokon retains the right to change any discount value, in any territory, concerning any or all Clients, at any time, without notice.
5. Bulk Discount:
5.1. For any license agreement, the first copy of any module bought or rented by a Client shall be charged at full price as per the current price list.
5.2. Any further copies at the same site under the same license agreement may qualify for a multiple workstation discount.
5.3. A bundle discount may apply to certain groups of modules under the same license agreement.
5.4. Prokon retains the right to change any discount value, in any territory, concerning any or all Clients, at any time, without notice.
6. The license rental agreement:
6.1. is a limited time agreement for the usage of the Software;
6.2. at Prokon’s discretion, the effective starting date will be:
6.2.1. the date when the Client’s order is fulfilled;
6.2.2. the expiry date of a previous rental agreement; or
6.2.3. at a later date.
6.3. currently runs for one (1) year;
6.4. includes one (1) year maintenance;
6.5. includes software maintenance for the duration of the license rental agreement;
6.6. is a prepaid agreement.
7. The license purchase agreement:
7.1. is a perpetual agreement for the usage of the Software;
7.2. at Prokon’s discretion, the effective starting date will be:
7.2.1. the date when the Client’s order is fulfilled;
7.2.2. the expiry date of a previous maintenance period; or
7.2.3. at a later date.
7.3. includes one (1) year software maintenance in the purchase price;
7.4. is a prepaid agreement.
8. Software Maintenance:
8.1. Software maintenance grants Clients with eligible licenses the right to install program updates and to technical support at no additional cost;
8.2. A software license includes software maintenance for the following periods:
8.2.1. for the duration of a license rental agreement;
8.2.2. for the first one (1) year during a license purchase agreement;
8.2.3. for one (1) year after a license purchase agreement upgrade;
8.2.4. for the duration of a software maintenance agreement pertaining to a license purchase agreement.
8.3. Program updates may be downloaded from the published Prokon website;
8.4. Prokon will provide technical support during Prokon office hours, and via a medium suitable for the process;
8.5. In a territory with an accredited Partner, the technical support agreement is made between the Client and the Partner. Should the Partner lose their accreditation during a support period, Prokon is under no obligation to take over such an agreement, neither does Prokon give any warranties or guarantees in this regard. Should Prokon then at its own discretion supply support to the Client, it shall be under terms and conditions as stipulated by Prokon at the time;
8.6. Prokon retains the right to change, remove or add any software maintenance service or benefit, in any territory, concerning any or all Clients, at any time, without notice.
9. Software Maintenance Agreement:
9.1. is an agreement that may be entered into by a Client that has a license purchase agreement to continue software maintenance for an indefinite term;
9.2. may be entered into by the Client:
9.2.1. before the end of the first year after the original purchase;
9.2.2. within one year after a license purchase upgrade;
9.2.3. before the expiry of a current maintenance agreement.
9.3. is currently charged at 15% of the prevailing purchase price per module per year of maintenance;
9.4. at the discretion of Prokon, current discounts, special offers or territorial pricing as per clauses 4.2 and 5, may apply;
9.5. Should the expiry of clauses 8.2.2 or 8.2.4 occur, the maintenance agreement terminates, and the Client is eligible for an upgrade as described in clause 10;
9.6. is a prepaid agreement.
10. License Purchase Agreement Upgrade:
10.1. is a renewal of a license purchase agreement;
10.2. is currently charged at 25% of the prevailing price for the relevant software multiplied by the number of years, or part thereof, since initial purchase or most recent license purchase agreement upgrade;
10.3. at the discretion of Prokon, current discounts, special offers or territorial pricing as per clauses 4.2 and 5, may apply;
10.4. has an effective starting date on the day and month that a previous license purchase agreement lapsed, unless the upgrade takes place at full price.
11. Shipping of Software:
11.1. The Software may be downloaded from the published Prokon website, or may be provided to the Client by other means and at intervals at the discretion of Prokon.
11.2. Prokon retains the right to change the method of shipping the Software in any territory, concerning any or all Clients, at any time, without notice.
12. License Access by Authorised Users:
12.1. Client needs to use Software License Manager to register Authorised Users in the Software License Manager to grant them access to full usage of the Software.
13. Non-Exclusive License Agreement:
13.1. Subject to and on condition of the Client and their Authorised Users' continuous compliance with this, the Terms of Service contained in this document, and payment of the applicable fees, Prokon grants Authorised Users a nonexclusive, non-sub-licensable, non-transferable, limited license to install and use the Software within the scope of the license agreement.
13.2. Client and their Authorised Users may use the Software for commercial purposes, except with expressly prohibited by supplementary agreements, e.g. licenses granted by Prokon for educational purposes.
14. Warranty, Limitation of Liability and Jurisdiction:
14.1. With this document Prokon makes and the client receives no express warranties. Any statements or representations in this document or any communication with you about this document constitute technical information and not any warranty or guarantee. Prokon specifically disclaims any other warranty including without limitation, any implied warranties.
14.2. In no event shall Prokon or its licensors have any liability for any incidental, special, indirect, direct, or consequential damages, loss of profits, revenue, data, or cost of cover. In addition, Prokon and its licensors have no liability for changes to this document or any of Prokon’s policies.14.3. Prokon retains the right to change any clauses in this document without notice and with immediate effect.
14.4. All agreements in this document and/or any other agreements proposed by Prokon and accepted by the client are governed by the laws of the Republic of South Africa. All disputes arising out of or in connection with any agreement as mentioned above shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the Supreme Court of South Africa, and the client irrevocably consents to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of this court.
© Copyright Prokon Software Consultants, All rights reserved
JavaScript is currently disabled.Please enable it for a better experience of Jumi.