http://www.fivetalents.org.uk/policies
How we work
What is microfinance?
How we work
Our sustainable model
Training & education
Guiding Principles & Strategic Priorities
Impact
International impact
Who we help
Kenya
Tanzania
Uganda
DR Congo
Burundi
South Sudan
Bolivia
Myanmar
About
About
U.N Sustainable Development Goals
Meet the team
Reports
FAQs
Events
Contact us
Get involved
Individual giving
Leave a Legacy
Involve your company
Involve your church
Visit our programmes
Become an advocate
Work for us
Join our mailing list
Join our Prayer Network
Kenya Marathon & Tea Trek
Resources
Church Resources
School Resources
Advent
Blog
Donate
Please find our policies on protecting vulnerable people, whistleblowing and privacy on this page.
Diversity & Inclusion PolicyFive Talents is committed to equal opportunities, diversity and inclusion policy and practice and will ensure that all employees and service users, both actual and potential, are treated equally and as individuals regardless of age, disability, ethnic or national origin, nationality, gender, gender reassignment, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity, political belief, race, religion or sexual orientation (the protected characteristics).
The aim is for our workforce to be representative of all sections of society and for each employee to feel respected and able to give their best.
The organisation is also committed to preventing unlawful discrimination against supporters and programme members. Find out more in our full policy here.Environmental PolicyFive Talents is committed to combating climate change! We will begin tracking the number of airmiles we fly from 2021 (travel in 2020 having been suspended) and will report it here. You can download our environmental policy here to learn more.Child/Vulnerable Adult and Safeguarding PolicyAt Five Talents we are dedicated to protecting vulnerable people, which is why we have comprehensive Child/Vulnerable Adult Protection and Safeguarding Policy. We know that policies have to be more than words on paper. It's what we do with them that will determine whether they are effective. We are committed to ensuring that our safeguarding measures receive the appropriate time, attention and dedicated resources to be effective. You can download our policy here.Privacy and CookiesWe have updated our General Privacy Policy in accordance with the GDPR. You can download it here.The Website Privacy Policy below applies to all of the online products, services and websites offered by Five Talents UK, including www.fivetalents.org.uk.If you have any questions about these Privacy Policies, please feel free to contact us through our website or on +4420 3808 7643.Information we collect and how we use itIn order to provide our full range of services, we may collect the following types of information:Information you provide – When you sign up for a Site Account or other service or promotion that requires registration, we ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address and an account password). For certain services, such as our online store (planned), we also request billing and/or shipping address information which we maintain so you don't have to enter it again for future purchases.We DO NOT retain or store any Credit Card numbers. Use of cookiesOur website uses cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on your computer. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of the website which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.The cookies we use are ‘analytical’ cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they’re using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by making sure users are finding what they need easily.This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.More information on cookies can be obtained from www.allaboutcookies.org. Cookie NameDescriptionASP.NET_SessionIDThis is a simple token used by web applications to identify your unique session on the website. Typically used to maintain the integrity of your session while transacting information with a website (accessing secure areas, forms submissions etc)__utma Google AnalyticsWe use Google Analytics to track how people use this website in order to manage and improve the site. This information is collected anonymously and cannot be used to identify you.Like many services, Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track visitor interactions. These cookies are used to store information, such as what time a visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before, and what site referred the visitor to the web page. Browsers do not share first-party cookies across domains. Further information on Google Analytics is available via the following links:·       Google Analytics privacy overview·       Detailed information on cookies set by Google AnalyticsIf you would like to opt out of Google Analytics you can download a small browser add-on – available for Microsoft Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari and Opera.We also use Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting which is based upon data from Google Display Advertising. We use aggregate data provided by this service (such as age, gender and interests) to better understand our website audience and adjust our communications appropriately. If you would like to opt out of Google Demographics and Interest Reporting please change your Google settings here. Alternatively, you can choose to opt out of Google Analytics altogether by downloading an opt-out browser here.We use Google Analytics to monitor traffic levels, search queries and visits to this website.Google Analytics stores IP address anonymously on its servers in the US, and neither CIVIC or Google associate your IP address with any personally identifiable information.These cookies enable Google to determine whether you are a return visitor to the site, and to track the pages that you visit during your session.__utmb__utmc__utmzData protection and confidentialitySome services on this website require us to collect personal information from you. To comply with the GDPR, we have a duty to tell you how we store the information we collect and how it is used.Any information you do submit will be stored securely and will never be passed on or sold to any third party.Log informationWhen you access our sites, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.User communicationsWhen you send an email or other communications to us, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services. Google Tag ManagerGoogle Tag Manager is a Google product that allows us to manage website tags using an interface. Tag Manager is a cookieless domain and does not collect any personal data. The tool causes other tags to be created, which in turn collect data under certain circumstances. Google Tag Manager does not access this data. If deactivation was carried out on the domain or cookie level, it remains for all tracking tags which were implemented with Google Tag Manager.LinksWe may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our content and advertising.Other sitesThis Website Privacy Policy applies to this website only. We do not exercise control over other sites or advertisements linked from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.We do not sell or share the information we collect with third parties except where required under applicable laws.