http://www.alaapa.org/contact-us/privacy-policy/
Main menu
Skip to content
Home
About
Mission & Vision
Bylaws
Executive Committee
Meeting Agendas and Minutes
Annual Work Program
Chapter Development Plan
Chapter Sponsors
Sponsorship Form
Membership
Join AL APA
Committees
Section Representatives
Conference
Thanks to all who attended the 2019 APA-AL/MS Annual Conference!
2019 AL/MS Conference Hotels
Conference Archive
Annual Awards
Annual Awards Archive
Annual Awards Summary
Calendar
Upcoming Events Calendar
CM Opportunities
Submit an Event
Subscribe to Upcoming Event Updates
News
Current News
Legislative Updates
The Alabama Planner Newsletter
Professional Development
Professional Development Officer
AICP
Alabama Planning Institute
University Programs
Resources
Job Postings
Internships
RFPs & RFQs
Related Links
Resources Submission Form
Terms of Use
The American Planning Association – Alabama Chapter (APA AL) respects your privacy and is committed to maintaining and responsibly using any information we collect from you on our website. APA AL will not distribute or sell any of your information to other parties and by visiting www.alabamaplanning.org you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.
APA AL may update its privacy policy from time to time and use of the information we collect now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time of use. Whenever we make a change, we will post the updated policy at this site. By using our website following the posting of a change in the privacy policy, you consent to the updated policy.
Disclaimer
APA AL expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise the materials on this site, although we may modify the materials at any time without notice.
By your use of this site, you acknowledge that your use is at your own risk and that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of this site. You further acknowledge that APA AL shall not be liable for any damages or any kind related to your use of this site. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold APA AL harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of the site.
Contact Information For assistance with conference registration or other needs, please click the Help button on the bottom-right side of the screen or email us at support@alabamaplanning.org.
General Email
info@alabamaplanning.org
Voicemail
AboutMission & Vision
Bylaws
Executive Committee
Meeting Agendas and Minutes
Annual Work Program
Chapter Development Plan
Chapter Sponsors
Sponsorship Form