http://www.cnsc-ccsn.gc.ca/eng/terms-and-conditions/index.cfm
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Terms and conditions
Privacy notice
The Government of Canada and the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission (CNSC) are committed to providing websites that respect visitor privacy. All personal information collected by this institution is governed by the Privacy Act. This notice summarizes the privacy practices for the CNSC's online activities.
Your privacy and the Internet
Internet protocol (IP) addresses are unique numbers assigned by internet service providers (ISPs) to all devices used to access the Internet. Web servers automatically collect certain information about a visit to a website, including the visitor's IP address. The IP address, on its own, does not identify an individual. However, in certain circumstances – such as with the co-operation of an ISP – the address could be used to identify a site visitor. For this reason, the Government of Canada considers the IP address to be personal information, particularly when combined with other data (such as the page or pages visited, and date and time of the visit) that is automatically collected when visiting a Web page.
Unless otherwise noted, the CNSC does not automatically gather any specific information from you, such as your name, telephone number or email address. The CNSC would obtain this type of information only if you supply it; for example, by email or by filling in a contact form. The email addresses of all intervenors participating in Commission hearings are added to the CNSC's subscriber list; they may opt out at any time.
In cases where services are provided by organizations outside of the Government of Canada, such as social media platforms or mobile applications, IP addresses may be recorded by the Web server of the third-party service provider.
Communicating with the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission
Any documentation received by the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission (CNSC), including the author’s name, could be made public if the CNSC feels that it is in the public interest to do so.
Written submissions for public proceedings
Under the authority of the Nuclear Safety and Control
Act, the intervention process is a public process. The personal information
provided on the Public Commission Hearing Participation Request Form is
collected under the authority of subsection 40(3) and section 44 of the Nuclear
Safety and Control Act as well as subsection 18(1)
and 19(4) of the Canadian
Nuclear Safety Commission Rules of Procedure for the purpose of assessing an individual’s participation in a CNSC public
hearing.
Pursuant to the Canadian Nuclear Safety
Commission Rules of Procedure, the
request to intervene must include a written submission of the comments
to be presented to the Commission, as well as the name, address and telephone
number of the requester. It should be noted that all submissions are available
to the public upon request to the Secretariat. Personal information is
essential for linking the submission to its author. If you wish to ensure the
confidentiality of your personal information, please submit it on a separate
page. Unless you specify otherwise, your name including
your opinions and views may be disclosed publicly. Failure to provide this
personal information may result in delays or the denial of your request for
participation.
You have the right to the correction of, access to, and
protection of, your personal information under the Privacy Act and to
file a complaint with the Privacy Commissioner of Canada regarding the handling
of your personal information.
Personal information collected on this form is described
in the Participation in Commission Proceedings Personal Information Bank PPU
005 and can be accessed and assessed for accuracy. For more information visit Info
Source.
General correspondence
If you correspond with the CNSC, please note that the CNSC sometimes considers it to be in the public interest to disclose the correspondence as well as your name. Personal information such as your home or email address can be kept confidential if you so request. Public interest includes consideration of the CNSC’s statutory mandate to disseminate objective scientific, technical and regulatory information to the public.
Whistleblower information
If you are submitting correspondence to report a safety or security concern, it will be treated in accordance with the CNSC’s established practices. Should you wish not to disclose your identity, the CNSC will respect your request for confidentiality.
Third-party social media
The CNSC's use of social media (currently Facebook, YouTube and Twitter) serves as an extension of its presence on the Web. Social media account(s) are public and are not hosted on CNSC servers. Users who choose to interact with us via social media should read the terms of service and privacy policies of these third-party service providers and those of any applications you use to access them.
Personal information that you provide to the CNSC via social media account(s) is collected to capture conversations (e.g., questions and answers, comments, “likes”) between you and the CNSC. It may be used to respond to inquiries or for statistical, evaluation and reporting purposes. Comments posted that violate Canadian law will be deleted and disclosed to law enforcement authorities. The personal information is included in the CNSC's Personal Information Bank, as described Outreach Activities (PSU 938).
Please keep in mind that the CNSC cannot tolerate comments that are offensive to an individual or an organization, rude in tone or abusive. We do not discriminate against any views but we reserve the right to edit or remove any comments that are:
contrary to the principles of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms
racist, hateful, sexist, homophobic, slanderous, insulting or life-threatening messages
serious, unproven, unsupported or inaccurate accusations against individuals or organizations
abusive, aggressive, coarse, explicit, vulgar, violent, obscene or pornographic comments
personal attacks and/or defamatory statements
comments that encourage or suggest illegal activity
messages where the sender is not the author (nor the copyright holder, if applicable)
solicitations, advertisements or endorsements of any financial, commercial or non-governmental agency. Similarly, we do not allow attempts to defame or defraud any financial, commercial or non-governmental agency.
announcements from labour or political organizations
messages written in a language other than English or French
comments not sent by the author and/or posted by anonymous or robot accounts
repetitive posts copied and pasted by multiple users
unintelligible or irrelevant messages
messages posted using all CAPS (it is difficult to read and is interpreted as yelling)
messages that are too far off topic
any other message that the forum moderators feel will not add to the normal flow of debate
In short, be respectful and make sure your comments are relevant to the section where they are posted. If you have any questions about this commenting policy or how we apply it, please contact us.
Anyone acting contrary to this may be temporarily or permanently excluded from the dialogue spaces on the CNSC's online channels.
Improving your experience on Government of Canada websites
Digital markers (including cookies)
A digital marker is a resource created by the visitor's browser to remember certain pieces of information for the Web server to reference during the same visit or subsequent visits to the website. Examples of digital markers include “cookies” or HTML5 Web storage. The functions of digital markers include:
allowing a website to recognize a previous visit each time the visitor accesses the site
tracking
what information is viewed on a site to help website administrators ensure visitors find what they are looking for
The CNSC uses sessional or persistent digital markers on some portions of its website. During your online visit, your browser exchanges data with the CNSC's Web server. These digital markers do not allow the CNSC to identify individuals.
You may adjust your browser settings to reject digital markers, including cookies, if you so choose. However, it may affect your ability to interact with the CNSC's website.
Web analytics
Web analytics is the collection, analysis, measurement and reporting of data about Web traffic and visits for purposes of understanding and optimizing Web usage. Information in digital markers may be used for the purpose of Web analytics to remember your online interactions with the CNSC's website.
The CNSC uses Google Analytics to improve its website. When your computer requests a CNSC Web page, our institution collects the following types of information for Web analytics:
the
originating IP address
the date
and time of the request
the type of
browser used
the page(s)
visited
Information that the CNSC collects through Google Analytics is disclosed to Google, an external third-party service provider. Your IP address is anonymized before being stored on the service provider's servers to help safeguard your privacy. The information collected is made anonymous by removing the last three digits of your IP address.
Data collected for Web analytics purposes goes outside of Canada to the United States and may be subject to the governing legislation of that country; for example, the United States of America Patriot Act.
Information used for the purpose of Web analytics is collected by the CNSC pursuant to its mandate outlined within the Nuclear Safety and Control Act. Such data may be used for communications and information technology statistical purposes, audit, evaluation, research, planning and reporting. For more information on how your privacy is safeguarded in relation to Web analytics, see the Standard on Privacy and Web Analytics.
Protecting the security of Government of Canada websites
The CNSC employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. This software receives and records the IP address of the computer that has contacted our website, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site, unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected.
This information is collected pursuant to section 161 of the Financial Administration Act. The information may be shared with appropriate law enforcement authorities if suspected criminal activities are detected. Such information may be used for network security-related statistical purposes, audit, evaluation, research, planning and reporting and is included in Personal Information Bank Security Incidents (PSU 939).
Inquiring about these practices
Any questions, comments,
concerns or complaints you may have regarding the administration of the Privacy
Act and privacy policies for the CNSC's Web presence may be directed to our
access to information and privacy coordinator. You can contact the access to information
and privacy coordinator by telephone at 1-800-668-5284 (toll free), by email or by postal mail at:
280
Slater Street
P.O. Box 1046, Station B
Ottawa, ON  K1P 5S9
If you are not satisfied with the CNSC's response to your privacy concern, you may wish to call the Office of the Privacy Commissioner at 1-800-282-1376.
Linking to non-CNSC websites
Links to websites not under the control of the CNSC are provided solely for the convenience of our website visitors. The CNSC is not responsible for the accuracy, currency or reliability of their content and offers no guarantee in that regard. It is not responsible for the information found through these links, nor does it endorse the sites and their content.
Visitors should also be aware that information offered by non-CNSC and non-Government of Canada sites to which this website links is not subject to the Privacy Act nor the Official Languages Act and may not be accessible to persons with disabilities. The information offered may be available only in the language(s) used by the sites in question. Visitors should research the privacy policies of these non-government websites before providing personal information.
Limitations of non-CNSC-generated content
This website may contain third-party content that is provided solely for site visitors' convenience. By publishing this information, the CNSC does not indicate its endorsement of any of the authors' opinions or conclusions. The content is subject to copyright and is owned by the source parties.
Visitors should also be aware that the information provided by third parties is not subject the Official Languages Act, and may be available only in the language(s) in which the content was initially provided. It may also not be accessible to persons with disabilities.
Accessibility
The CNSC is committed to providing Web content
and services that are accessible to the widest possible audience.
Unfortunately, it is not always possible to enable accessibility and usability
on all areas of the website because of varying user software and technology.
While the CNSC attempts to ensure information is as current as possible, some
content may not be fully accessible to some users. If you have difficulties,
questions or suggestions about the accessibility of content on this site, contact
the CNSC.
Providing content in our official languages
The CNSC communicates with members of the public in both English and French, as mandated by the Official Languages Act, the Official Languages (Communications with and Services to the Public) Regulations and Treasury Board policy. There are, however, instances when content may be available in one official language only, such as information provided by entities not subject to the Official Languages Act. Information provided in a language other than English or French is only for the convenience of website visitors.
Ownership and use of content provided on this site
With the exception of third-party content, materials on this website were produced and/or compiled by the CNSC to provide Canadians with information about nuclear safety, the nuclear sector and the programs and services offered by the CNSC. You may use and reproduce the materials as follows.
Non-commercial reproduction
Unless otherwise specified, you may reproduce the materials in whole or in part for non-commercial purposes, and in any format, without charge or further permission, provided you do all of the following:
exercise due diligence in ensuring the accuracy of the materials reproduced
indicate both the complete title of the materials reproduced, as well as the author (where available)
indicate the reproduction is a copy of the version available at [URL where original document is available]
Commercial reproduction
Unless otherwise specified, you may not reproduce materials on this site, in whole or in part, for  commercial redistribution without prior written permission from the CNSC. To obtain permission to reproduce materials on this site for commercial purposes, contact the CNSC.
Some of the content on this site may be subject to copyright by another party. Where information has been produced or copyright is not held by Government of Canada, the materials are protected under the Copyright Act and international agreements. Details about copyright ownership are indicated on the relevant page(s).
Reproduction of government symbols
The official symbols of the Government of Canada, including the Canada wordmark, the Arms of Canada and the flag symbol, may not be reproduced, whether for commercial or non-commercial purposes, without prior written authorization. Request for authorization from the Treasury Board Secretariat may be addressed to:
Federal Identity Program
Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat
300 Laurier Avenue West
Ottawa, ON  K1A 0R5
Canada
Email: information@fip-pcim.gc.ca
Date modified:
2015-12-29
Secondary menu
Home
News Releases
About Us
News Room
Contact Us
Stay Connected
Terms and conditions
Transparency