http://www.geomatrix.co.uk/privacy/
Privacy Policy
This web site is owned and operated by Geomatrix Earth Science Ltd and is made available to you in accordance with the following terms and conditions. By using the site and the services available on it you are deemed to accept these terms and conditions and any additional terms and conditions which expressly apply to services and information provided by third parties.
Privacy Policy
1. Data protection and privacy policy
2. The information we collect and how we use it
3. Changes to our privacy policy
4. Access to your personal data
5. Cookies
6. Links to external websites
7. Service availability
8. Limitation of liability
9. Governing law
1.
Data protection and privacy policy
Geomatrix Earth Science Ltd online service is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. We want to provide a safe and secure user experience. We will ensure that the information you submit to us via our website at https://www.geomatrix.co.uk remains private, and is only used for the purposes set out in this policy.
You can request that we delete your data from our company databases at any time.
Please note however that UK law demands certain company records and documents, which may contain personal details have to be kept for a period of 7 years. If your details are not contained on such documents we will immediately delete them from all our databases upon receipt of your request.
2.
The information we collect and how we use it
The personal details you submit via the enquiry form(s), are held and used by us for the purpose of answering your enquiry. We need these details to be able to process a reply. We do not disclose this data to any other person outside Geomatrix Earth Science Ltd or any other company.
3.
Changes to our privacy policy
This privacy policy may be changed by Geomatrix Earth Science Ltd at any time. If we change our privacy policy in the future, we will set out those changes here, so that you will always know what personal information we gather, the purposes we might use it for and to whom we might disclose it.
4.
Access to your personal data
You can request that we delete your data from our company databases at any time.
Please note however that UK law demands certain company records and documents, which may contain personal details have to be kept for a period of 7 years. If your details are not contained on such documents we will immediately delete them from all our databases upon receipt of your request.
5.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Like many websites and online services, this website uses cookies to enhance functionality and performance. The cookies used on this website are for the function of the website form(s) and Third party services.
For more information on why we use cookies and how to manage your cookies please see our cookies section.
6.
Links to external websites
Occasionally we will provide a link to an external or third party website. Please note that Geomatrix Earth Science Ltd is not responsible for the data, policies, content or security of these linked sites and you therefore indemnify Geomatrix Earth Science Ltd from any liability resulting from your use of these websites.
7.
Service availability
We try to ensure continuous availability of the site and all the services available on it but accept no responsibility for the consequences of interruptions or delays, however caused. We may, additionally, alter the design and specification of the site at any time.
8.
Limitation of liability
Our liability, and the liability of our third party suppliers, for any loss or damage suffered by you as the result of your use of this site is limited to your actual direct damages and, except in the case of fraud, excludes any loss of future earnings, profit or prospects or any consequential or speculative loss. As required by law, this exclusion does not extend to death or personal injury caused by our negligence.
9.
Governing law
These terms and conditions shall be interpreted in accordance with English law and all disputes shall be decided by the English courts
Netherlands Office
Weena-zuid 130
3012NC Rotterdam
sales@geomatrix.co.uk
Twitter Icon
Twitter
Facebook Icon
Facebook
LinkedIn Icon
LinkedIn
YouTube Icon
YouTube
Geomatrix Earth Science Ltd is registered at Companies House England and Wales
Company Number. 3343315
VAT Number. GB 640 2529 64
Geomatrix Earth Science B.V is registered with the Chamber of Commerce.
Chamber of Commerce Number. KvK – 74440640
Geomatrix are a BSI ISO 9001 Quality Management registered company.
Membership Number 599203.
All Content © Geomatrix Earth Science Ltd
Website © Amasci Creative Limited, website design Milton Keynes 2015 - 2020
Sitemap
Privacy
Cookies
Back to top
Back to top