http://www.esri.com/legal/privacy
Skip to Content
Esri Privacy
Esri takes our responsibility to protect your privacy seriously. We are committed to respecting your privacy by providing transparency in how we acquire and use your information, giving you control of your information and preferences, and holding ourselves to the highest national and international standards, including Privacy Shield certification and CCPA and GDPR compliance.
Manage privacy
Cookies
Esri stores small text files on your device to improve and personalize your browsing experience. Learn more and manage your cookie settings.
Marketing Communications
Find out how personal information is used in emails and print subscriptions. Learn how to change your preferences or unsubscribe.
Accounts
Accounts allow you to access Esri software and content. Learn how to manage your accounts and settings, or delete your accounts.
Show More
Privacy statements
Privacy Statement
This legal statement covers our use of personal information collected through our websites and products, and describes your choices about its use.
Products and Services Privacy Supplement
This legal statement clarifies the use of personal information Esri acquires in order to deliver Product & Services.
Show More
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Esri complies with GDPR, which imposes new rules on organizations inside and outside the European Union (EU) that process personal information.
Learn how we comply with GDPR
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA)
Esri does not sell personal information. Esri complies with CCPA, which imposes new rules on certain businesses inside and outside California that process personal information of California consumers and households.
Learn how we comply with CCPA
Trust Center
Privacy and security are built into Esri’s products and services. The Trust Center website contains the assurance information you are looking for concerning the security, privacy, and compliance of the ArcGIS platform.
Learn more at Trust.ArcGIS.com
Questions or concerns regarding privacy issues?
Send an email to privacy@esri.com
Start my message
opens in new window