http://www.bioatla.com/privacy-policy/
About Us
Profile
Team
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisors
Careers
Technology
Conditionally Active Biologics™ (CAB)
Comprehensive Integrated Antibody Optimization (CIAO!™)
Strategic Relationships
CAB Portfolio
News
Contact
Appendix
Tumor Microenvironment
Antibody Drug Nomenclature
Antibody Structure
Antibody Isotype
Clinical Process
Glossary
Search
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting bioatla.com. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
The privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your requests on our website. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The site uses cookies and tracking technology called Google Analytics. Cookies and Google Analytics tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies also help customize the site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with Google Analytics to provide us with site management statistics. We may also use the information to improve the web presentation of our service offerings.
Distribution of Information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties, which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. We will not share your data with any other company outside of these limitations.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us by email at info@bioatla.com. We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted
BioAtla® is a leading San Diego-based biopharmaceutical company developing safer and more effective drugs for cancer. Its Conditionally Active Biologics™ (CAB) platform exploits
the unique microenvironment of diseased tissue to more effectively target cancer.
BioAtla®
Technology
CAB Portfolio
Company
About
Team
Careers
News
Legal
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Expanded Access
Get in Touch
Contact
Corporate Headquarters
+1 858-558-0708
Follow Us
LinkedIn
© 2020 BioAtla® Inc. All rights reserved.