https://www.mbari.org/monterey-bay-aquarium-research-institute/privacy-policy/
MBARI Privacy Policy
The Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute is dedicated to protecting your privacy as you use our web site. Our policy is that no personal information will be collected about you unless you choose to provide it and that any personal information which you provide us will be safeguarded and not shared with others for any reason.
If during your visit to our site you only browse, read pages, or download material, we cannot collect any information that will identify you personally, or determine your e-mail address. Our web server automatically recognizes the domain name and Internet Protocol (IP) address of each visitor to our site. An IP address is a code that identifies a particular computer on the Internet. Every computer or network that’s connected to the Internet has an IP address.
Like most major sites, we collect and analyze that information to help us improve the site for our visitors. This helps us determine which pages you visit, how long you stay, and the site you visited immediately beforehand. Your IP address is used to help identify your computer and to gather broad demographic information.
We may provide forms and links in places on this site for you to send comments and ideas, to ask for more information, and to report problems you may experience on our site. Even if you email us through one of our response forms on the site, we cannot determine your e-mail address unless you include it in your response.
We welcome your email messages and suggestions of ways in which we can improve the site. We will use any personal information you send us only to respond to your message. Please note that any suggestions or ideas you submit to us will become the property of the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute and can be used by us for any purpose.
If you choose to participate in any surveys on this site, we will ask you for certain demographic and other personal information. We do not share this information with others. Your personal information will not be linked to the demographic information unless your approval is granted.
This site contains interactive programs in which you can participate. Any information that you provide will be stored in our system and not shared with others.
Our site contains links to other sites. Please remember that our privacy policy does not apply to other sites and that we cannot be responsible for their privacy policies, if any.
Please remember that no one can guarantee the complete security of information transmitted over the Internet. Therefore, you should be careful about the personal information which you provide to us or any other site. Rest assured that we will do everything we can to safeguard your information. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or your dealings with this site, please contact us at webmaster@mbari.org
ScienceUpper-ocean systems
Midwater research
Seafloor processes
Areas of study
Biology
Chemistry
Geology
Ocean acidification
Physical oceanography and climate change
Past research
Research publications
TechnologySolving challenges
Taking the laboratory into the ocean
Enabling targeted sampling
Advancing a persistent presence
Emerging and current tools
Technology publications
Technology transfer
ProductsWhat is happening in Monterey Bay today?
Data repository
Data policy
Image gallery
Video library
Creature feature
Deep-sea wallpapers
Seminars
Research software
Educational resources
Publications
Sample archive
NewsRecent news
News archive
Social media
Press room
MBARI in the news
At SeaShips
Vehicles
Expeditions
Cabled observatory
Moorings
Research tools
Administration & planning
» Subscribe to our newsletter
About MBARI
Research programs at the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute (MBARI) encompass the entire ocean, from the surface waters to the deep seafloor, and from the coastal zone to the open sea. The need to understand the ocean in all its complexity and variability drives MBARI's research and development efforts.
Vision
Leadership
Staff
Employment
History
Public events
Financial reports
Guest information
Library
Making an impact
Scroll to top