http://www.avantilipids.com/privacy-policy
Home
About Us
Company History
Philosophy
Our Campus
Our Founder
Road Shows
Avanti Awards in Lipids
Products
By Category
The Good Stuff
Ordering Information
Limited Warranty
Divisions
Research Products
cGMP Manufacturing
Adjuvants
Analytical Services
Lipidomics
Formulations
Equipment
Custom Services
Tech Support
FAQs
References
Liposome Preparation
Lipid-DNA Preparation (Transfection)
Storage & Handling of Lipids
Analytical Procedures
Fatty Acid Composition
Physical Properties
Contract Manufacturing & Packaging
Lipid Extraction
External Resources
Contact
Employment Opportunities
Visiting Avanti
Community
News
Discussions
Tech Talks
1-800-227-0651
NeverThirst
Work With Us
Login
Contact
Search
Login
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.avantilipids.com (the “Site”).
BY USING THE SITE, YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION (INCLUDING PERSONAL INFORMATION) AS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. YOU ALSO ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE MAY PERIODICALLY CHANGE, MODIFY, ADD OR REMOVE OR OTHERWISE UPDATE THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN OUR DISCRETION.
When we do make any changes, modifications, additions or removals to this Privacy Policy, we will give you notice of the revised Privacy Policy by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Site and by revising the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. However, we will always handle your Personal Information (as defined below) with at least as much protection as provided in the version of the Privacy Policy that was in effect at the time of collection. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the current privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy is located on the Site’s homepage and is also available on any page where Personal Information is requested.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The term "Personal Information" as used in this Privacy Policy refers to information such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone number, and any other information that can be used to identify you or permit us to contact you physically or online. We may collect Personal Information when you register with the Site, place an order on the Site, send us an e-mail or otherwise contact us through the Site, or if you voluntarily choose to provide it to us.
You can choose not to provide Personal Information to us. However, if you do not provide such information, you will not be able to register to use the Site, so your ability to use the Site will be limited to those web pages available to unregistered users of the Site. Additionally, you will not be able to place orders on the Site or contact us with questions via e-mail or otherwise through the Site.
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Automatic Information.” Automatic Information is not tied to any Personal Information and, therefore, will not be treated as Personal Information.
We collect Automatic Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally: to provide you with products or services, to fill, confirm, ship and bill you for products and services you request (and notify you of your order status), to internally market products and services which we think may be of interest to you, to communicate with you for marketing and promotional purposes via personalized e-mails, to respond to emails, to provide customer support; or to establish your online account. We may, in our discretion, utilize the services of a third party or parties to perform any of the purposes described in this section, subject to the other provisions of this Privacy Policy. Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you for other purposes which are evident from the circumstances or about which we inform you when we collect Personal Information from you.Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud.When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.We use the Automatic Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will not sell Personal Information to any outside company or third party; provided, however Personal Information may be transferred to third parties who act for or on our behalf, for further processing in accordance with the purpose(s) for which the data were originally collected or may otherwise be lawfully processed, such as: shippers who deliver your order; distributors that provide services; credit card companies for payment processing; and other third parties who provide services to us and who agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy (or a policy with terms at least as protective as those described herein). These third parties have contracted with us to only use Personal Information for the agreed upon purpose. These third parties are not authorized to: (i) sell your Personal Information to third parties, (ii) disclose it to third parties except as may be required by law, as permitted by us or as stated in this Privacy Policy; or (iii) otherwise use your Personal Information in a manner inconsistent with the uses described in this Privacy Policy.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Avanti sites contain links to other sites. Avanti is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this site.
OPT-IN E-MAIL COMMUNICATIONS
For our opt-in e-mail communications, Avanti partners with Constant Contact. Please see Constant Contact’s privacy policy for details on data storage and use.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
MINORS
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of Eighteen (18).
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at marketing@avantilipids.com or by mail using the details provided below:
Marketing700 Industrial Park DriveAlabaster, AL, 35007United States