https://www.imaginemedicine.com/terms
What We DoSpanish FlyAbout UsContact UsPrivacy PolicyTerms of service TermsSinhalaPage.com provides the SinhalaPage.com site (the “Site”) and the offered services and features (the “Services”) subject to these Terms of Service (“Terms of Service”). By using the Site and Services, you are deemed to accept and be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not accept these Terms of Service, please discontinue using the Site and Services. Your use of the Site or a service included within the Site may also be subject to additional terms that govern particular services, offers, or features, or special promotions or contests or sweepstakes (the “Additional Terms”). In the event that any of the provisions in these Terms of Service conflict with Additional Terms provided with any particular service, then these Terms of Service shall control. The Terms of Service applies regardless of the device used to access the Site and/or Services (e.g., personal computer, a mobile device or any other technology or software known today or developed in the future).Modification of These Terms of ServiceThese Terms of Service may change from time to time, without any notice other than posting on the relevant page. Your continued use of the Site and Services following our posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. Please check this page from time to time for current Terms of Service.PrivacyFor all questions about how we use the information we obtain through your use of the Site and Services, please visit our Privacy Policy. By using the Site and Services, you agree to also be bound to the Privacy Policy.Your License to Access Content on SiteAll right, title and interest to the content displayed on the Site, including but not limited to the Site’s look and feel, data, information, text, graphics, images, sound or video materials, photographs, designs, trademarks, service marks, trade names, URLs and content provided by third parties, are the property of SinhalaPage.com, or respective third parties, and are protected by copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary rights and laws. You are granted a personal, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable, limited license to view, reproduce, print, cache, store and distribute content retrieved from our Site via a generally available consumer web browser for non-commercial use only. You are not granted any other license or right (including by implication, by estoppel or otherwise), with respect to the Site, Services, or any content accessible through the Site or Services. Any rights not expressly granted in these Terms of Service are reserved by SinhalaPage.com.In your use of the Site and Services, you agree to comply with all applicable laws including those regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.Age RestrictionThe Site and Services are not intended for children under 13 years of age, and you may not use the Site or Services or create a user profile, if applicable, if you are under 13. You hereby represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years of age. Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!READ MORE:What We DoSpanish FlyAbout UsContact UsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service