http://www.atlantic-screen.com/privacy-policy
Atlantic-Screen Use cookies| Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation
Register
Log in
302-684-3197
atlantic@ce.net
×
Notification
Search
Toggle navigation
ASSOCIATIONS/ AFFILIATES
INDUSTRIES/ MARKETS SERVED
ABOUT US
ORDER FORM/CREDIT APPLICATION
REQUEST INFORMATION
CONTACT US
Categories
Flush Joint Screens and Casing
Well, Plastic & SS Screens – Dewatering
PVC Fittings – Surge Block, Slugs, Test Points
Valves – Back Pressure and Wash Down (Sand Sharks)
Auger Plug, Pipe Clamp, Centralizers, Elevators
Internal Pipe Cutters
Glue, Primers
Clear PVC Pipe
Well Cleaning Products
Hole Plug, Bentonite, Sand Gravel
Sampling Equipment – Bailers, Meters & Probes
Tubing
Manholes
Caps – Locking and Non-Locking
Traps, Packers and Seals
Filter Sock
Accessories, Well
Seals, Jet Adapters
Absorbent
Well Monitoring Equipment
InLine Static Chemical Mixer
Cleaning Detergents
Special Application Pipe Holes or Slots
2018 Catalog PDF
Privacy Policy
Atlantic Screen & Mfg., Inc. respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information CollectedIf you request or submit information to us by sending an e-mail via the "mail to:" function or filling out a "contact" form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by OthersThis notice addresses only the policy of Atlantic Screen & Mfg., Inc.'s website and not sites that users access via links from our site. Atlantic Screen & Mfg., Inc. is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
CookiesAtlantic Screen & Mfg., Inc. website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal InformationIf you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an e-mail with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of InformationAtlantic Screen & Mfg., Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy ChangesPlease note that Atlantic Screen & Mfg., Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Atlantic Screen & Mfg., Inc. and is effective as of November 1, 2005. This statement does not create an agreement between Atlantic Screen & Mfg., Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact UsAtlantic Screen & Mfg., Inc.142 Broadkill Rd., Milton, DE 19968Phone: 302-684-3197 Fax: 302-684-0643Email: atlantic@ce.netWebsite: www.atlantic-screen.com
Information
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact us
Request for Quote
Products
Flush Joint Screens & Casings
Well, Plastic & SS Screens – Dewatering
Tubing
PVC Fittings – Surge Block, In between Slugs, Test Points
Sampling Equipment – Bailers, Meters & Probes
Manholes
Glue, Primers
Filter Sock
Hole Plug, Bentonite, Sand Gravel
Accessories, Well Seals, & Jet Adapters
InLine Static Chemical Mixer
Absorbent
Caps – Locking & Non-Locking
Cleaning Detergents
Well Cleaning Products
Well Monitoring Equipment
Clear PVC Pipe
Valves – Back Pressure and Wash Down
Internal Pipe Cutters
Auger Plug, Pipe Clamp, Centralizers
Traps, Packers & Seals
Contact Details
142 Broadkill Rd, Milton, DE 19968
302-684-3197
302.684.0643
atlantic@ce.net
Copyright © 2008 to 2018 Atlanticscreen. All rights reserved.
Site By: SDI Marketing
×Close
Quick View
Close