http://www.islandstrustconservancy.ca/privacy-policy/
COVID-19 Response
Sign up for the latest news
Search:
About Us
Our Story
Our Vision
Our Staff and Board
Our Partners
Our Publications
Our Policies and Agreements
Our Financials
Meetings
FAQs
Join Our Team
First Nations and Reconciliation
Our Initiatives
Protecting Private Land
Supporting Local Land Trusts
Mapping our Ecosystems
Planning for Conservation
Caring for our Shorelines
How Do I?
Protect my Land with a Conservation Covenant
Protect While Selling My Land
Submit a Conservation Proposal
Apply to NAPTEP - reduce taxes
Apply for an Opportunity Fund grant
Protect Large Bird Nests on My Land
Report people mistreating wildlife
Contact my local trust committee, island planner, or bylaw officer
Donate
Give Now
Gift and Estate Planning
Please Help: Our Campaigns
Donor Stories
Protected Places
Places Protected in the Islands
Caring for our Protected Places
Visiting our Protected Places
Conducting Research in our Protected Places
News
News Releases
The Heron Newsletter
Conservation Success Stories
Press Room
Privacy Statement and Legal Disclaimer
You are here: Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
The Islands Trust Conservancy and Islands Trust are committed to protecting the privacy of any personal information you may provide when visiting our website or communicating with us through our website.  Any personal information you provide to us is collected, used and disclosed in accordance with the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (British Columbia) ("FOIPPA").
This privacy statement applies to interactions with the Islands Trust Conservancy and Islands Trust websites.  It does not apply to any other websites that we may link to.
What Personal Information We Collect
When you visit the Islands Trust Conservancy or Islands Trust websites, you do so anonymously with no need to tell us who you are.  If you email a staff or board member, submit a form or complete an online transaction, we will ask you to provide your name and either your mailing address or e-mail address in order to respond.  We may collect personal information such as your name, address, e-mail and reason for contacting us.
Protection of Personal Information
The Islands Trust Conservancy and Islands Trust are obligated to protect your personal information collected via the website by making reasonable security arrangements against risks such as unauthorized access, use or disclosure of that information.  The Islands Trust Conservancy and Islands Trust does not disclose your information to other public bodies or individuals except as authorized by the FOIPP Act.  Security measures have been integrated into the design and implementation of our operations to protect your privacy.
What Other Information We Collect
When you visit the Islands Trust Conservancy and Islands Trust websites to browse or download information, we automatically gather non-identifiable information about your visit.  The information collected is used to assess communications performance, and improve webs services and web site management.  The following information is collected:
The Internet Protocol Address and domain name used
The type of browser and operating system
The date and time of the visit
The web pages or services accessed.
For more information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or how we collect and store personal information, please contact our staff.
Legal Disclaimer
The Islands Trust Conservancy's website is not an official statement of our policy, practice, services or procedures, and should not be construed as such.  The information provided on this site is done so in good faith for informational purposes only and is subject to change at any given time.  This site is intended only to give general information about the Islands Trust Conservancy.  It is not meant to be an authoritative guide, and will not override any decisions or standards made or set by any representative of the Islands Trust Conservancy.
Accuracy of Information
While we make every effort to post only accurate information, the Islands Trust Conservancy does not guarantee that the information posted is always current or correct.  The Islands Trust Conservancy makes no warranties, expressed or implied as to the fitness of the information for any purpose, or to results obtained by individuals using the information.  You should confirm all information presented here before making any decisions based on it.  Under no circumstances will the Islands Trust Conservancy be liable to any person or business entity for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or other damages based on any use of this website or any other website to which this site is linked.
Links
Links and references to any other websites are provided for information only and listing shall not be taken as endorsement of any kind.  The Islands Trust Conservancy is not responsible for the content or reliability of the linked websites and does not endorse the content, products, services or views expressed within them.
Page last updated: 10/08/18
CONTACT US
ABOUT US
GET INVOLVED
GIVE
Feedback
For Media
Donate Your Land
Donate Now
Facebook
Privacy Policy
Covenant Your Land
Plan a Future Gift
Twitter
Site Map
Stay Up To Date
Copyright © The Island Trust Conservancy.     The Islands Trust Conservancy is a qualified donee under the Income Tax Act. Donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law.