http://www.hup.harvard.edu/about/privacy.html
Refine Your Search­/­Search Our Site
About & Contact
Subjects & Series
Catalogs
eBooks
News
Order
Rights
Permissions
Support the Press
Cart: [0]
Resources for:
Authors
Booksellers & Librarians
Educators
Journalists
Readers
Privacy Policy
Harvard University Press respects the privacy of the people who visit and buy books from our website and we adhere to the following privacy policy. If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us.
For information pertaining to the European Economic Area’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), please see below.
Visitor Tracking
Visitors to this website who have Javascript enabled are tracked using Google Analytics. (Google Analytics is subject to the privacy policy of Google, Inc., which you can find on their website.) This data is primarily used to optimize our website for our visitors. This data does not include any personalized identification information such as:
Names
Phone Numbers
Email Addresses
Mailing Addresses
Social Security Numbers
Bank Account Numbers
Credit Card Information
We do not use cookies to track the activity of anyone on our site. We make use of cookies in our Shopping Cart, but cookie information is stored on the visitor’s computer, not on our server. The Shopping Cart accesses that information to allow the visitor to collect items, remove them, change them, and add to them indefinitely without making a purchase. The Shopping Cart keeps track of the visitor’s selections and calculates charges. The information stored in cookies is never collected, reviewed, or in any way made use of except in the automated processing of the customer’s submitted order.
Email Addresses
Email addresses are never sold, traded, or shared in any way with third parties. There are three instances in which we ask for email addresses:
When visitors order books over our site, we ask for email addresses to help facilitate orders.
When visitors subscribe to any of our email notification services, email addresses are required to transmit the information.
When visitors register to receive access to electronic versions of course adoption titles, we ask for email addresses to identify them as being fully registered when they return to use the service.
Postal Addresses
When a visitor buys books from Harvard University Press, his or her name and shipping address (only) are added to a mailing list that we use to inform our readers of new books and that, in some instances, may be made available to other university presses and organizations serving academic professionals. If you do not want to have your name on this mailing list, please submit your request in writing to:
Harvard University Press
Direct Mail
79 Garden Street
Cambridge, MA 02138
Email: [Email Address]
Users Located in the European Economic Area
If you are located in the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, or Norway (the “European Economic Area” or EEA), please review Harvard University’s Additional EEA Privacy Disclosures for information about ways that certain Harvard University schools, centers, units and controlled entities, including Harvard University Press and its UK affiliate, may collect, use, and share information about you.
Thank you for your interest in Harvard University Press.
Back to top
Recent News
On WAMU’s 1A, Burning the Books author Richard Ovenden considered the danger of deliberate destruction of documents by Trump administration officials on their way out the door.
Benjamin Francis-Fallon, author of The Rise of the Latino Vote, explained in the Washington Post how 2020 election results affirmed decades-old political divisions among the American voters frequently lumped together as “Latinos.”
Jon Butler discussed God in Gotham: The Miracle of Religion in Modern Manhattan on the First Things Podcast.
Black lives matter. Black voices matter. A statement from HUP »
From Our Blog
Virtual Conferences, Working from Home, and Flying Kids
Like many conferences this year, the annual American Academy of Religion­/­Society of Biblical Literature conference will be virtual. HUP’s Editorial Director, Sharmila Sen, who normally attends the conference, decided to check in with some of the people she would have otherwise seen there in person. …
Subscribe to E-News
Dumbarton Oaks Medieval Library
I Tatti Renaissance Library
Loeb Classical Library
Murty Classical Library of India
About & Contact | Awards | Catalogs | Conference Exhibits | eBooks | Exam Copies | News | Order | Rights | Permissions | Search | Shopping Cart | Subjects & Series
Resources for: Authors | Booksellers & Librarians | Educators | Journalists | Readers
Harvard University Press offices are located at 79 Garden Street, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA & 71 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4BE UK
© 2020 President and Fellows of Harvard College | HUP Privacy Policy • HU Additional EEA Privacy Disclosures