http://www.dhigroup.com/terms-of-use
Toggle navigation
Areas of expertise
Our areas of expertise
Our expertise spans all water environments –
from rivers and reservoirs, to oceans and coastlines, to cities and factories.
We have a 50-year track record in developing and implementing solutions that meet real-life challenges in water environments worldwide.
So whether you need to save water, share it fairly, improve its quality, quantify its impact or manage its flow, we can help.
All our areas of expertise
Aquaculture
Agriculture
Energy
Climate change
Coast and marine
Surface and groundwater
Urban water
Industry
Environment and ecosystems
Product safety and environmental risk
Mining
Business Applications
Business Apps
One-stop solutions for your water challenges
Plan new flood protection measures, assess beach design ideas, forecast oil spills, manage a vessel’s biosecurity risk and more with specialised applications that truly put the power in your hands.
All Business Applications
ClimADAPT
Coastal Screener
FloodRisk
GlobalSEA Oil Spill
MUSE
NatCatEye
PlumeCast
Vessel-Check
Data Portals
Data Portals
On-demand data for water environments
Support your projects with easy access to high-quality water depth, metocean and marine animal movement data whenever you need it.
All Data Portals
Global Hydrological Model
MetOcean Data Portal
Marine Animal Movement Portal
Bathymetrics Data Portal
Current Sea API
Operational Services
Operational Services
Real-time optimisation and management platforms customised for your business
Make critical water-related decisions in real-time to optimise planning, operations and control through the powerful integration of data collection, analytics and modelling technology.
All Operational Services
Future City Flow
MIKE Mine
SeaPort OPX
TwinPlant
References
MIKE Software
Academy
Careers
About us
Contact us
News
Newsletters
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
Innovation
Home
terms-of-use
Terms of use
Please read these terms and conditions (the “Terms”) carefully before using our website ("website"). By using this website you signify your consent to these Terms. If you do not agree to the Terms please do not use this website.
The Terms addresses your legal rights and obligations and includes important disclaimers and choice of law and forum provisions. Please read carefully. The Terms apply to all websites of DHI Group, including sites for registered users.
Ownership of the website
The website is owned and operated by DHI (referred as we/us in these Terms), a corporation incorporated under the laws of Denmark, having its principal office in Hørsholm.
Use license
Please feel free to browse the website. We grant you permission to view this website and to print or download material displayed on the website for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided that you agree to and accept without modification the notices, terms and conditions set forth in this agreement and provided that you keep intact all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices. You may not however copy, reproduce, republish, upload, transmit or distribute in any way the contents of this website, including the text, images, audio and video for public or commercial purposes, without written permission from us. You are also prohibited from using any content of this website in a frame on any other internet site in any way.
Your use of this website constitutes your agreement and acceptance without modification of the notices, terms and conditions set forth herein. In addition as a condition of your use of this website, you represent and warrant to us that you will not use this website for any purpose that is unlawful, immoral or prohibited by these terms, conditions and notices.
User submissions
Any communication or material that you transmit to the website by e-mail or otherwise is, and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary information. Anything you transmit or post may be used by us for any purpose. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libellous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that may violate any law.
Links to and from other materials
We may provide hyperlinks to third party sites. The linked sites are not under our control and in no way are we responsible for the content of any such linked site or for the content of any site linked to such linked site. We do not endorse companies or products to which it may provide hyperlinks and we reserve the right to note as such on our Site. We reserve the unilateral right to terminate any link or linking program at any time. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this website, you do so at your own risk. Third parties may only provide hyperlinks to our main homepage. Any links to underlying sites require a prior written approval from us.
Content
We take great care in creating and maintaining this website, and in providing accurate and up-to-date content. However, the content of this website is subject to frequent modifications without prior notice. Therefore, we do not guarantee the correct and actual status of said content. The visitors to the website accept our exoneration of any liability whatsoever for the content of the website, the software on the website or for any use made of it.
Intellectual property
The texts, layouts, drawings, databases and other items on this website, as well as the website itself, are protected by copyright and by the right of the producer of the database. Some of the names, signs and logos on this website are protected trademarks or trade names. Nothing contained on the website should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trademark, displayed on the website without the written permission from us or such third party that may own the trademarks displayed on the website. Any copy, adaptation, translation, arrangement, modification, or any use whatsoever of the whole or of any part of this website of its protected elements, in any form and by any means, is strictly prohibited.
Data protection
We collect and process information on the behaviour of the users of this Site for statistical and marketing purposes. The user has the right to oppose, free of charge, the processing for marketing purposes of the data concerning him, and has the right to access personal data and correct such data. For more information regarding the data that we collect and the measures we take to protect the privacy of our user data please refer to our Privacy Policy.
Liability
Your use of and browsing in this Site is at your own risk. DHI does not warrant that the software used for this Site, and the information, the on-line applications, or any other services provided by means of this Site are error-free, or that their use will be uninterrupted. DHI expressly disclaims all warranties related to the above-mentioned subject matter, including, without limitation, those of accuracy, condition, merchantability and fitness for particular purpose. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Site, in no event shall DHI be liable for any loss of profits, revenues, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or other similar damages arising out of or in connection with this Site or out of the use of any of the services proposed by means of this Site.
Product orders
While we will use our best efforts to fulfill all orders, we cannot guarantee the availability of any particular product displayed on this website. We reserve the right to discontinue the sale of any product listed on this website at any time without notice.
Updates
We reserve the unilateral right to update, modify, change and alter our Terms and Privacy Policy at any time. All such updates, modifications, changes and alterations are binding on all users and browsers of our website and will be posted here.
Software licenses
You shall have no rights to the proprietary software and related documentation, or any enhancements or modifications thereto, which may be provided to you in order to access specified areas within the website. You may not sublicense, assign or transfer any licenses granted by us, and any attempt at such sublicense, assignment or transfer shall be null and void. You may not otherwise copy, distribute, modify, reverse engineer, or create derivative works from such software.
Choice of law and forum provisions
This website resides on a server in Hørsholm, Denmark. You agree that these Terms and your use of this website are governed by the laws of Denmark. You hereby consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the Municipal Court of Lyngby, Denmark in all disputes (a) arising out of, relating to, or concerning this website and/or these Terms, (b) in which this website and/or these Terms is an issue or a material fact, or (c) in which this website and/or these Terms is referenced in a paper filed in a court, tribunal, agency or other dispute resolution organisation. We have endeavoured to comply with all legal requirements known to us in creating and maintaining this website, but make no representation that materials on this website are appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. You are responsible for compliance with applicable laws. Any use in contravention of this provision or any provision of these Terms is at your own risk and, if any part of these Terms is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these Terms shall govern such use.
Read more
Contact(s)
For more information
contact us at
info@dhigroup.com
×
Contact QR