http://www.locustechnology.com/privacy-policy/
About
Contact
Upcoming
Recent
Recommendations
search
Privacy Policy
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Locus Technology, Inc. (Locus) may collect personal data including name, telephone number and email address through information requests, during the course of doing business with your company and at industry trade shows. You are not required to provide personal data, but if you choose not to do so, we may not be able to provide you with products, services and support.
Locus uses personal data to provide product information, deliver our products, enable our services, provide support and for client accounting purposes.
Locus will never sell your personal data or share your data with third parties.
Locus is dedicated to ensuring the safety of your personal data. We follow security best practices such as data encryption to protect your information.
Locus will remove any personal data from our databases by request, see Locus contact person below.
Locus Technology, Inc. complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection and use of personal information from European Union member countries. Locus Technology, Inc. certifies that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles, including notice of data collection and usage, customer choice in providing data, data transfer, security, access, and enforcement of privacy policies. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification page, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.
In compliance with the US-EU Safe Harbor Principles, Locus commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Locus, Ragnhild Larkins, Business Director either by telephone; 001 443 507 5196, email; ragnhild(at)locustechnology(dot)com or mail; 3989 Rupp Rd. Manchester, MD 21102, USA.
Ready for More Information? Contact us today!
Email: info@locustechnology.com
Toll Free: 866.469.0787
Phone: 443.507.5196
Fax: 410.374.5666
Locus Technology, Inc.
3989 Rupp Road
Manchester, MD 21102
USA
What Are You Looking For?Home
About
Animal Tracking
Contact
Custom Solutions
Facility Management
Optimize Your Animal Facility
Recent
Recommendations
Upcoming
Graphs, Charts and Other Visuals
OEM Connectivity
Streamlined Communication
Answers At Your Fingertips
Embracing the Cutting Edge
Privacy Policy
Copyright Locus Technology, Inc.
| 2012