http://www.biomaterials.org/about-about-society/privacy-policy
Giving Life to a World of Materials
The Society For Biomaterials is a multidisciplinary society of academic, healthcare, governmental and business professionals dedicated to
promoting advances in all aspects of biomaterial science.
AboutAbout the SocietyBylaws
Code of Conduct
Code of Ethics
SFB Member Demographics
Whistleblower Policy
SFB on Social Media
Privacy Policy
Join the Society For Biomaterials
Volunteer LeadershipCurrent SFB Board and Council Members
Past Presidents
Society Headquarters
MembershipMembership Benefits
Member Testimonials
Archives of InterestBiomaterials of the Month
Resource Guide
Strategic Plan
Advocacy
AwardsAwards Descriptions
Past Awardees
Fellow Biomaterial Science & Engineering
C. William Hall ScholarshipC. William Hall, M.D. Biography
Cato T. Laurencin Travel Fellowship
Student Travel Award Recognition (STAR)
CommitteesCommittees OverviewAudit Committee
Awards, Ceremonies and Nominations Committee
Bylaws Committee
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Committee
Education & Professional Development Committee
Finance Committee
Industrial Affairs Committee
Liaison Committee
Membership Committee
President's Advisory Committee
Program Committee
Publications CommitteeBiomaterials Bulletin Archive
Special Interest Group Chair Committee
Student Section Officers
Young Scientist Group
EventsEvents Calendar
Future Meetings2021 Hawaii - Joint Symposium - SFB + JSB
SFB 2021 Annual Meeting
Past SFB Meetings
Searchable Abstracts
Webinars
PublicationsPublications Overview
Biomaterials ForumMedia Kit
Author Guidelines
Forum Editorial Board
General Conditions of Sale
JBMR-A&B
All Society Publications and BookstoreBiomaterials Science, 4th Edition
A Bibliography of Monographic Works on Biomaterials and Biocompatibility
Searchable Abstracts
Annual Meeting Archives
Biomaterials Bulletin Archived Articles
SFB News
WebinarsNational Student Chapter Meeting
Sharklet- A Critical Technology in a Pandemic
Smart Dental Biomaterials: From Antibacterial Therapies to Tissue Regeneration
WEBINAR: Biomaterials to Create T Cell Immunity
SIGsSIGs OverviewBiointerfaces
Biomaterial-Tissue Interaction
Biomaterials Education
Biomaterials Medical Products Commercialization
Cardiovascular BiomaterialsCurrent Research
Relevant Journals
Dental/Craniofacial Biomaterials
Drug Delivery
Engineering Cells & Their Microenvironments
Immune Engineering
NanomaterialsNanomaterials Relevant Journals and Centers
Research News - Nanomaterials
Types of Nanomaterials
Ophthalmic BiomaterialsSurgical Videos - Ophthalmic SIG
Orthopaedic Biomaterials
Surface Characterization & ModificationUseful Links
Tissue EngineeringActivities - Tissue Engineering
Education - Tissue Engineering
Introduction to Tissue Engineering
StudentsAdvocacy Resources
National Student ChapterIndividual Chapter Ideas
Current Student Chapters
How to Form a Chapter at Your University
Student Bylaws & Constitution
Biomaterials DaysBiomaterials Days Grant
Past Grant Recipients, Reports & Abstracts
Biomaterials Education ChallengePast Biomaterials Education Challenge Winners and Materials
STAR AwardsSTAR Award Winners
C. William Hall ScholarshipPast C.W. Hall Scholarship Winners
Cato T. Laurencin Travel Fellowship
Mentor Program
Jobs
Print
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which the Society For Bioamterials (SFB) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.biomaterials.org website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by SFB.
Personally identifiable information
We may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personally identifiable information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personally identifiable information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personally identifiable information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
SFB may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
To provide targeted services and content
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personally identifiable information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personally identifiable information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Society For Biomaterials has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed as your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Society For Biomaterials
1120 Route 73, Suite 200
Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054
856-439-0826www.biomaterials.orginfo@biomaterials.org
This document was last updated on May 16, 2018.
SFB 2021 Virtual! Abstract Deadline: Dec 4
Submitted on Thu, 11/19/2020 - 18:52
NOW VIRTUAL! Due to pandemic-related travel restrictions and concerns, we have determined to switch to an all-virtual meeting platform and will work to accommodate all accepted poster and oral presentations on that platform. The abstract deadline...
Read More
@SFBiomaterials
https://t.co/EcPcJj2MJT
10 hours 21 min ago
@SFBiomaterials
https://t.co/BhFCiX79X1
3 days 9 hours ago
@SFBiomaterials
https://t.co/uKvJ45xpmz
1 week 2 days ago
The Society For Biomaterials is a multidisciplinary society of academic, healthcare, governmental and business professionals dedicated to promoting advancements in all aspects of biomaterial science, education and professional standards to enhance human health and quality of life.
Contact Us
1120 Route 73 Suite 200 Mount Laurel, NJ 08054
info@biomaterials.org
(856) 439-0826
To signup for our e-newsletter, please create an account. If you already have an account or are a Member of SFB you are already signed up to receive our e-newsletter.
Create an Account
Back to Top