http://www.livingcities.org/privacy
Skip to navigation
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Living Cities
Menu
Search this site
Search
Home
Blog
Resources
Our Work
Cities
People
About Us
Search
Privacy
LIVINGCITIES.ORG PRIVACY POLICY
Living Cities is committed to responsibly handling the information and data we collect about you through our Website, whether personal information or non personal browsing and site usage data. We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Living Cities collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Living Cities’ visitors use its website. From time to time, Living Cities may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Visitors to Living Cities website may choose to interact with Living Cities in ways that require us to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that we gather will depend on the nature of the interaction. For example, some users may sign up for our e-newsletter, or register for an event. In each case, Living Cities collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Living Cities. Living Cities will not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Living Cities related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Living Cities may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Living Cities may monitor the most popular posts on the www.livingcities.org site and microsites. Living Cities may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Living Cities does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Living Cities discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (A) need to know that information in order to process it on Living Cities’ behalf or to provide services available through Living Cities, and (B) have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using www.livingcities.org and any third-party services employed by Living Cities, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Living Cities will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Living Cities discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Living Cities believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Living Cities, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Living Cities e-newsletter and have supplied your email address, or are a Living Cities member, Living Cities may occasionally send you an email to keep you up to date on Living Cities’ work. Living Cities takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Living Cities uses cookies to help Living Cities identify and track visitors, their usage of www.livingcities.org, and their website access preferences. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using www.livingcities.org, with the drawback that certain features of www.livingcities.org may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Living Cities, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Living Cities goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Living Cities may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Comments
Comments and other content submitted through our blog will be published, if deemed appropriate, in accordance with the privacy settings of our third-party commenting service, DISQUS. We will not collect any personal information contained within the comments unless granted the commentor’s explicit permission.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Living Cities may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Living Cities’ sole discretion. Living Cities’ encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. Living Cities' Privacy Policy was last updated in August 2014.
Blog
Resources
Our Work
Cities
People
About Us
Facebook
Twitter
Flickr
Slideshare
LinkedIn
1040 Avenue of the Americas
Floor 17
New York, NY 10018
1730 M Street NW
Suite 400
Washington, DC 20036
© 2020 Living Cities, Inc.
Contact Us
Privacy