http://www.shodor.org/about/privacy/
Shodor
a national resource for computational science education
HOME
SITE MAP |
CONTACT US
Mission
History
News
Newsletter
Awards
Staff
Board of Directors
Interns
Apprentices
Donate
Contact Us
Student Programs
Online activities
SUCCEED Workshops
XSEDE EMPOWER Program
CSERD
Computing MATTERS
Parents Q & A
Programs for your Student
Driving Directions
Office Hours
Educator Programs
Online activities
NCSI Workshops
XSEDE EMPOWER Program
Search CSERD
Computing MATTERS
CSERD
Interactivate
MASTER Tools
DEAF STEM
Braille through Remote Learning (BRL)
SUCCEED Curriculum
XSEDE EMPOWER Program
Privacy
Shodor > About > Privacy
At Shodor we are committed to protecting your privacy whenever we collect personal information.
You can navigate throughout most of our site without giving us any self-identifiable information.
Please read the complete Shodor.org (Shodor) privacy statement below.
Collecting your Personal Information
Shodor will notify you when we need information that personally identifies you or allows us to
contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you subscribe to an electronic mail
newsletter, put input in a comment box, or visit a part of our site where a login is necessary.
Personal information collected by Shodor is often limited to just electronic mail addresses.
Use of Your Personal Information
Shodor uses your personal information for the following purposes:
To deliver services that you request
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you
To keep you informed about newsletters, updated information, and workshops
To measure the effectiveness of our site and programs
Control of your Personal Information
When you give us your personal information, Shodor will not share this information with third
parties. It will only be used for the purposes illustrated in the "Use of Your Personal
Information" section. If Shodor sends you an electronic message that contains hyperlinks, when
viewing this information you may pass on self-identifiable data to our servers before you reach
your final destination.
Cookies and other technologies
Shodor uses cookies only to maintain session information when users sign in to specific areas of
the site, and when used these cookies are set to expire within a fixed period of time.
Contact Shodor
If you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy, you can contact us at:
The Shodor Education Foundation, Inc.
701 William Vickers Ave
Durham, NC 27701
Tel: (919) 530-1911
Fax: (919) 530-1944
Email:
webmaster@shodor.org
© 1994-2020
Shodor
PRIVACY POLICY