http://www.mathunion.org/privacy-policy-analytical-service
Skip to main content
Main navigation
Organization
About
Mission
Statutes
General Assembly
IMU Executive Committee
IMU Representatives
IMU Secretariat
IMU Circle
IMU-Net
ISC Membership
IMU History
Membership
IMU Membership
Members
Associate Members
Affiliate Members
Membership Dues
Candidacy for Membership
Circular Letters to Adhering Organizations
IMU Bulletins
IMU Awards
IMU Awards, Prizes and Special Lecture
Fields Medal
IMU Abacus Medal
Carl Friedrich Gauss Prize
Chern Medal Award
Leelavati Prize
ICM Emmy Noether Lecture
Rolf Nevanlinna Prize
Other Prizes and Awards
ICM
ICM 2022
ICM 2026
Host an ICM
ICM Plenary and Invited Speakers
ICM Proceedings
ICM Videos
Past ICMs
Activities
IMU Commissions and Committees
Mathematical Education (ICMI)
Developing Countries (CDC)
Electronic Information (CEIC)
Women in Mathematics (CWM)
History of Mathematics (ICHM)
Friends of the IMU (FIMU)
Ad hoc Committee on Diversity (CoD)
Outreach
National Outreach Activities
Heidelberg Laureate Forum
Fields Medal Symposium
IMU Media Platform
IMU Archive
News
IMU-Net
Logos
Reports and Recommendations
Historic Material
Publications about IMU
IDM
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy - Analytical service
This website uses Piwik, which is a web analytics service. Piwik Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help us analyze how users use the website. For this purpose, the usage information generated by the cookie (including your IP address) will be transmitted to our servers and stored for the purposes of usage analysis, which allows us to optimize the website. In this process, your IP address is immediately anonymized, so that you remain an anonymous user to us. We will not forward the information the cookie generates about your use of the website to third parties. You can set your browser software to block all cookies, so that they will not be stored on your computer. If you choose to block cookies, however, then some of the services on this website may not function properly. If you do not agree to the storage and analysis of data from your visit then, at any time, you may opt out from your data being stored or used by clicking the link below. In this case, an opt-out cookie will be set in your browser, preventing Piwik from recording any session data whatsoever. Note: If you delete your cookies, then this will also delete the opt-out cookie, meaning you will have to reactivate it to opt out of tracking again.
If you should have any further questions regarding data privacy in the context of this website, please write an email to imu.info@mathunion.org.
On this page
Related to this page
‹
›
×