http://www.surveyingsupplies.com/terms-conditions/
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Refund Policy
We will issue a credit for merchandise that is unused and in original packaging within 30 days of purchase. Any defective merchandise can be exchanged within 30 days of purchase. All merchandise returned after 30 days of purchase will have a 20% restocking fee. The customer is responsible for return shipping of any returned products, some exclusions may apply (please call for exclusion information).
Shipping Policy
Please be assured that your items will ship out as soon as possible after the order is processed. We use the United Parcel Service (UPS) for all purchases. Sorry, but we cannot ship to P.O. Boxes.
If you're trying to estimate when a package will be delivered, please note the following: Credit card authorization and verification must be received prior to processing.
Shipments are picked up from our office at 3p.m. Monday through Friday only. Orders that are placed on Saturday or Sunday will not be processed and shipped until Monday’s scheduled pickup at 3p.m. For items shipping via UPS Ground please allow 2-7 days for processing before shipping. For items shipping via UPS Next Day, Second Day or Third Day; those orders received by 2p.m. will process same day if in stock. You will be notified as soon as possible for any items that are not in stock. You will receive an email with tracking information as soon as your package(s) ship.
UPS deliveries occur Monday through Friday, excluding holidays, unless you choose Saturday delivery during checkout.
UPS Shipping Times-
Out Of Stock Items
All items are offered subject to availability. If on receipt of your order, the item(s) you have ordered are not in stock, Surveying Supplies will contact you as soon as possible, giving you the option to have them placed on back-order for dispatch when returned to stock. If you decline this option, a full refund will be made.
Sales Tax Policy
PLEASE NOTE: Only orders in Virginia & North Carolina will be charged sales tax. If you are tax exempt please include your Tax Exemption number during check out and fax or email a copy of your Tax Exemption Certificate to: info@surveyingsupplies.com
Changes to our Terms & Conditions
Our Terms and Conditions are subject to change without prior notification. If we change our Terms & Conditions, we will update the Terms & Conditions modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 1/1/2018
×
vendor spotlight
view
SAVE 10% ON YOUR FIRST ORDER
WHEN YOU SIGN UP FOR OUR EMAIL LIST
sign up