https://www.microdaq.com/purchase-terms
We use cookies on this website to improve your shopping experience. We use cookies to remember log-in details and provide secure log-in, collect statistics to optimize site functionality, and deliver content tailored to your interests.Click accept to give your consent to accept cookies and go directly to the site or click on more information to see detailed descriptions of the types of cookies we store.
Click Here To Learn About Cookie Settings...
Cookie Settings
Accept
Newsletter Signup
My Account |
Check Order Status |
My Cart |
Checkout |
Cookie preference |
Cookie Settings |
Log In |
Contact Us
Toll Free: 1-877-275-9606(603) 746-5524
Shopping cart item - $0.00
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Subtotal: $0.00
COVID-19 Update: MicroDAQ.com, Ltd. is open for business and assisting our customers to the best of our abilities during these unprecedented challenging times. Please read our updated COVID-19 Statement here.
Data LoggersBrowse by Measurement
Temperature
Thermocouple
Pressure
Air Quality
Bridge and Strain Gauge
Carbon Dioxide
Carbon Monoxide
Conductivity and Salinity
Light
Humidity
Current
Voltage
Water Level/Depth
Dissolved Oxygen
Energy & Power
Frequency
Pulse, Count and Event
Shock, Vibration and Acceleration
Voltage & Current
Power Quality
pH
Sound Level
Multifunction
Air Flow
State Change On/Off
Pasteurization
Browse by Manufacturer
AccuEnergy
ACR Systems
AEMC
Berlinger
Continental Control Systems
Dent Instruments
Emerson
Extech
Flir
Graphtec America
Lascar Electronics
LogTag Recorders
Measurement Computing Corp
Monarch Instrument
MSR Electronics
Onset Computer
Paragon Robotics
Reed Instruments
S3 Cases
Senonics
Sensaphone
Star-Oddi
Supco - Sealed Unit Parts Company
TandD
Telaire
Testo
VersaLog
United Security Products
Other Products
Data Acquisition
Weather Stations
Chart Recorders
Water Flow Meters
Calibrators
Infrared Thermometers
Hygrometers
Stroboscopes
Tachometers
Meters and Monitors
Thermocouples
Current Transformers
Panel Meter Displays
Miscellaneous Accessories
Batteries
Clamp Meters
Current Probes
Applications
Aerospace
Steam Sterilization
Automotive
Bed Bug Eradication
Bridge/Strain
Cannabis Cultivation
Cold Chain
Concrete
Dry Ice & Cryogenic
Energy
Environmental
Exhaust Temperature Monitoring
Food
Greenhouse/Growing
HVAC
Manufacturing
Medical
Museum and Art Preservation
Predictive Maintenance
Remote Monitoring
Shipping and Transportation
Vaccine Monitoring Kits for VFC
Warehouse
Weather
Vaccine Monitoring
Calibration
Software Downloads
Contact Us
Purchase Terms/Return Policy
Home
/
MicroDAQ.com - Purchase Terms
MicroDAQ.com Terms and Conditions
Pricing
All prices are in U.S. Dollars. Pricing is subject to change without notice.
Return Policy
If you are dissatisfied with any product from MicroDAQ.com, Ltd., you may return it within 14 days of purchase (does not apply to special orders) for a full refund of the purchase price minus shipping costs. Calibration fees are non-refundable. Customer is responsible for all inbound and outbound shipping/freight charges*. All items must be returned 100% complete, in the same condition as when sold, and in the original unmarked packaging as provided by the manufacturer. All packing materials, manuals, CD’s, blank warranty cards and other accessories and documentation must be included. Returns beyond 14 days will be considered on a case-by-case basis and may be subject to a restock fee. All returns will be inspected and products found to be non-conforming will be rejected or subject to a restocking fee up to but not limited to 25%. Non-stock items (special order) will be subject to a minimum 15% restock fee. For quantities of three (3) or more returned items, a minimum 15% restocking charge will be applied. You must contact us for an RMA (Return Material Authorization) number, prior to returning any items. Returns without an RMA will not be accepted. Failure to pay duties, taxes and fees does not constitute reason for return of product.
*If returning an item from outside the United States customer is responsible for paying any applicable duties, taxes, or fees. MicroDAQ.com, Ltd reserves the right to withhold a portion of the refund to cover these fees if applicable.
Limited Warranty
MicroDAQ.com, Ltd. does not offer any expressed or implied warranties on the products it sells. However, most of the products available through MicroDAQ.com, Ltd. are covered by Manufacturers’ Warranties. If you have a product that you feel failed while under the warranty period, please contact our Technical Support department for assistance. All products sent in for warranty repair or replacement must be accompanied by a RMA (Return Material Authorization). Shipments to MicroDAQ.com, Ltd. without a RMA will not be accepted. Customer is responsible for both incoming and outgoing freight for all warranty claims. This includes shipping charges to send products to the manufacturer for evaluation/repair. Freight charges for products that must be returned to an overseas manufacturer will be much higher than those located domestically. Whether an item is repaired or replaced under warranty is at the sole discretion of the manufacturer. If you have any questions with regard to warranty, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Payment
Payment to be in U.S. funds only. Payment through credit card (MasterCard, Visa or American Express), PayPal or bank wire transfer. If payment is by bank wire transfer, a fee of $35.00** will be added to order. All payment made by check must be drawn on a U.S. bank.
**Bank wire transfer fee is $100 for payments originating from Peru.
International Orders
For orders outside of the United States the customer is responsible for any customs charges, duties, fees and import taxes in customer's country. These fees are not reflected in the shipping charges. Check with your local customs office for possible charges. Federal Express shipping charges will be prepaid and billed. Failure to pay duties, taxes and fees does not constitute reason for return of product.
Credit Card Payment
For fraud prevention purposes MicroDAQ.com reserves the right to verify orders through a variety of means, which might include phone verification, requests for copies of front and back of credit card and driver’s license and completion of other MicroDAQ.com forms. MicroDAQ.com reserves the right to cancel your order and void/credit the corresponding credit card charge if we are not satisfied as to the authenticity of the order.
My Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
An authorized stocking distributor of over 30 manufacturers of data logging, data acquisition and weather station products. We address the data logging and recording needs of the transportation, agricultural, pharmaceutical, HVAC/R, environmental, educational, scientific and industrial communities.
Contact Us
879 Maple Street
Contoocook, NH 03229 USA
Phone: 603-746-5524
Fax: 603-746-5384
Email Sales Department
Need Help
Our Support Team is just a click or call away!
Email Tech Support
Call: 603-746-5524
Company Resources
Request a Return
My Account
Order Status
About Us
Privacy Policy
Shipping Policy
Purchasing Terms
Open Box Specials
© 2020 MicroDAQ.com, Ltd.
All Rights Reserved.
Cookie Preferences
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Functional Cookies
More Information
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, usually in the form of cookies. This information does not usually identify you, but it does help companies to learn how their users are interacting with the site.
We respect your right to privacy, so you can choose not to accept some of these cookies. Choose from the different category headers to find out more and change your default settings.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are essential for the website to function and they cannot be turned off.   They are usually only set in response to actions made by you on the MicroDAQ.com website: Logging In, Adding Items to Your Cart or Filling in Forms. If you browse our website, you accept these cookies.
Cookies are Used By
Website and Store
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to keep track of how many people have visited our website, how they discovered us, and how they interact with the site. All the information used is aggregated, and completely anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we won’t know you have visited us.
Cookies are Used By
Google Analytics
Google Remarketing
Google Adwords
Bing
Facebook Pixel
Targeting Cookies
These cookies are placed on our site by our trusted third-party providers. They help us to personalise our adverts and provide services to our customers such as live chat.
Cookies are Used By
Live Chat
Google/Double Click
Functional Cookies
These cookies allow the provision of enhance functionality and personalization, such as videos and live chats. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these functionalities may not function properly.
Cookies are Used By
Live Chat
Allow All
Save Choice
video title
video content