http://www.volcano.si.edu/gvp_termsofuse.cfm
Weekly Report 20th Anniversary
Home
Reports
Current Eruptions
Smithsonian / USGS Weekly Volcanic Activity Report
Bulletin of the Global Volcanism Network
Weekly Report 20th Anniversary
Database
Holocene Volcano List
Pleistocene Volcano List
Volcano Search
Eruption Search
Deformation Search
Emission Search
Webservices
Database Information
Galleries
Image Collections
Video Collections
St. Helens 40th Anniversary
Resources
Frequent Questions
Products
Google Earth Placemarks
This Dynamic Planet
Eruptions, Earthquakes & Emissions Application
Volcano Numbers
Volcano Naming
Info & Contacts
Contact Us
How to Cite
About GVP
Terms of Use
Terms of Use for GVP Content
The Smithsonian Institution's Global Volcanism Program (GVP) provides the content on this website (volcano.si.edu) in support of the overal Smithsonian mission for the "increase and diffusion of knowledge." All material created by and made available on this website by GVP is governed by the Smithsonian Terms of Use. The Smithsonian invites visitors to use its online content for personal, educational and other non-commercial purposes. By using the GVP Website, you accept and agree to abide by the complete terms on the Smithsonian Terms of Use page; selected material included below is for quick reference only related to general uses of the Content, along with some specifics about GVP content, and is not complete.
Intellectual Property Rights in Content
The Smithsonian is the owner of the compilation of content that is posted on the SI Websites, which consists of text, images, audio, video, databases, design, codes and software ("Content"). However, the Smithsonian does not necessarily own each component of the compilation. The Content that the Smithsonian makes available on the SI Websites may be owned by the Smithsonian, owned by others and used with their permission (such as user-generated content), or used in accordance with applicable law. Some Content is in the public domain and some Content is protected by third party rights, such as copyright, trademark, rights of publicity, privacy, and contractual restrictions.
Smithsonian Content is identified as having "no known copyright restrictions" when the Smithsonian is unaware of any copyright restrictions on its use. This may mean that: (1) a copyright existed at one time but was not renewed, or the copyright may have expired, or the owner may have intentionally placed the Content into the public domain; or (2) the Content was never eligible for copyright protection because it was created by an employee of the United States as part of his or her official duties, or (3) there are no copyright markings or other indications on the Content to indicate that it was copyrighted or otherwise restricted; or (4) Smithsonian records do not indicate any evidence of copyright restrictions. These facts do not necessarily mean that the Content is in the public domain, but rather indicate that no evidence has been found to show that copyright restrictions apply.
Permitted Uses
The Smithsonian welcomes you to make fair use of the Content as defined by copyright law. Information on United States copyright fair use law is available from the United States Copyright Office. Please note that you are responsible for determining whether your use is fair and for responding to any claims that may arise from your use. In addition, the Smithsonian allows personal, educational, and other non-commercial uses of the Content on the following terms:
- You must cite the author and source of the Content as you would material from any printed work.
- You must also cite and link to, when possible, the SI Website as the source of the Content.
- You may not remove any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices including attribution information, credits, and notices, that are placed in or near the text, images, or data.
- You must comply with all terms or restrictions other than copyright (such as trademark, publicity and privacy rights, or contractual restrictions) as may be specified in the metadata or as may otherwise apply to the Content.
GVP Content Types / Citations
For general referencing and links to GVP content, please use "Global Volcanism Program, Smithsonian Institution" with a hyperlink to the home page at https://volcano.si.edu/. More specific deep-linking is allowed as long as this minimum citation standard is met.
Volcanoes of the World database. The database compilation is a product of employees of the United States, and falls under (2) in the Intellectual Property Rights in Content section above. References are provided for sources of the data. Database content includes the majority of material describing volcanoes and eruptive activity provided through this website, downloads, or webservices; related publications are described below. The proper citation to the Volcanoes of the World database, or extracts from it, is on the Database Information page.
Bulletin of the Global Volcanism Network. This online publication of detailed volcano reports (and previous published newsletters under the same or earlier titles) is a product of employees of the United States, and falls under (2) above. Sources of information used are given at the end of each report, either as Information Contacts or References. Each report includes a citation link near the top of each report that goes to a customized page with the proper citation and DOI.
Smithsonian / USGS Weekly Volcanic Activity Report. This online publication of current volcanic activity is a product of employees of the United States, and falls under (2) above. Each individual volcano report can be cited individually; a citation link is provided at the top of each report.
Photographs. Photos and other graphic images (maps, diagrams, etc.) appear both in Bulletin reports as well as in Galleries on volcano profile pages or elsewhere. Publication in reports is either by permissions for copyrighted material, products of other government agencies (international rules may vary), or under Fair Use doctrine. Photos that appear in galleries will have both caption and credit information associated with them. Photos credited to a Smithsonian employee (or other US government agency) falls under (2) above. Unless otherwise noted in the caption for an image, GVP makes no guarantee or assurance regarding copyright status; it is your responsibility to determine what permission(s) are needed to use the Content and, if necessary, to obtain such permission.
Unauthorized Uses Require Prior Written Permission
You may not use the Content for commercial purposes. This means that you may not sell the Content or sell materials, products or services that use and incorporate the Content, nor may you use the Content to promote or advertise products or services. If you wish to use the Content for any purpose beyond the permitted uses, such as a commercial use or publication (except as may be permitted by fair use under the copyright law), you must obtain prior written permission from the Smithsonian (or other owner of the Content as applicable). See the GVP Contacts page or the Smithsonian Terms of Use for additional contacts related to this issue.
Global Volcanism Program  ·  Department of Mineral Sciences  ·  National Museum of Natural History
Smithsonian Institution  © 2013 | Privacy Policy
·