http://www.postdocjobs.com/site/privacy
CONNECT WITH US :
Toggle navigation
Job Seekers
Employers
My Account
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
We, at AmeriCareers.com LLC which owns and operates the web site PostdocJobs.com, take privacy issue very seriously. We are committed to respecting the privacy of our users. We strive to provide a safe, secure user experience. The AmeriCareers' Web Sites may contain links to other Web sites over which we have no control. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other Web sites to which you choose to link from our Sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other Web sites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information. In most cases, we do not require users to provide personal information in order to use our web sites. However, personal information such as name, email address,
street address and other personal information may be collected for certain services provided by us. We use the information we gather on our Web Sites, whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for the purpose of operating and improving the Web Sites, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services that we offer. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties, except for such situations that we may allow the authorized employers or recruiters to review job seekers' resumes, etc. if job seekers have chosen to let their resumes be searchable and viewable by employers and recruiters.
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. When you create an account or login to your accoun on AmeriCareers' Web Sites, your information is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") protocol. SSL makes it difficult for your information to be intercepted or stolen while being transmitted.
Our Web Sites use a reputable third party to serve the advertisements that you see on the pages of our web sites.
We will make its best efforts to protect users' privacy. If you have any concerns, please contact us..
About PostdocJobs.com ®
PostdocJobs.com ® (or Postdoc.com) is the first niche recruiting channel to bring together recent Ph.D.s,
professors, research institutions and other employers to find a good match. Over 1,000 universities, companies, research institutions and government agencies worldwide use our service for recruiting talented postdocs and scientists. We help employers reach hundreds of thousands of potentially qualified candidates who are seeking post-doctoral
opportunities. more...>>
Links
Home
FAQs
Resources
Client Testimonials
Contact Us
Contact Us
PostdocJobs.com
9951 Atlantic Blvd., STE 105
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32225
USA
Email: Staff@PostdocJobs.com
Toll Free: 1-888-POSTDOC
Phone: (904) 638-1058
Fax: (904) 212-1238
Career Networks
Copyright © 1999-2020, PostdocJobs.com. All rights reserved.
Terms of Service  Privacy Policy
PostdocJobs.com, an AmeriCareers ® service.