http://www.reesmemphis.com/privacy.aspx
Custom Manufacturers of Dust Collection
& Pneumatic Conveying Systems
888-214-2443
>
Industrial Air Systems       Dust Collection Systems       Pnuematic Conveying Systems       Scrap Handling Systems       Waste Transfer Systems       Material Load Out Systems       Ventilation SystemsMaterial & Air Handling Equipment       Cyclone Separators       Industrial Filters       Dust Collectors       Blowers & Fans       Rotary Airlocks & Feeders       Storage Bins & Unloaders       Mechanical Conveyors       Grinders & Hogs       Balers & Shredders       Fire ProtectionAir System ComponentsCustom Steel Fabrication
Privacy Statement
Rees-Memphis is committed to protecting your privacy and developing
technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This
Statement of Privacy applies to the Rees-Memphis Web
site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Rees-Memphis
website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Rees-Memphis collects personally
identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work
address or telephone number. Rees-Memphis also collects anonymous
demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code,
age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and
software that is automatically collected by Rees-Memphis. This information
can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and
referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Rees-Memphis for
the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to
provide general statistics regarding use of the Rees-Memphis Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable
information or personally sensitive data through Rees-Memphis public
message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note:
Rees-Memphis does not read any of your private online communications.
Rees-Memphis encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Rees-Memphis so that you can understand how
those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Rees-Memphis is
not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites
outside of the Rees-Memphis and Rees-Memphis family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Rees-Memphis collects and uses your personal
information to operate the Rees-Memphis Web site and deliver the services
you have requested. Rees-Memphis also uses your personally identifiable
information to inform you of other products or services available from
Rees-Memphis and its affiliates. Rees-Memphis may also contact you
via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of
potential new services that may be offered.
Rees-Memphis does not sell,
rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Rees-Memphis may, from
time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a
particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique
personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number)
is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Rees-Memphis may share
data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you
email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except
to provide these services to Rees-Memphis, and they are required to
maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Rees-Memphis does not
use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or
political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Rees-Memphis keeps
track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Rees-Memphis,
in order to determine what Rees-Memphis services are the most popular.
This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within
Rees-Memphis to customers whose behavior indicates that they are
interested in a particular subject area.
Rees-Memphis Web sites will
disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so
by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a)
conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on
Rees-Memphis or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of
Rees-Memphis; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the
personal safety of users of Rees-Memphis, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Rees-Memphis Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your
online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by
a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to
your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a
web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary
purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The
purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a
specific page. For example, if you personalize Rees-Memphis pages, or
register with Rees-Memphis site or services, a cookie helps
Rees-Memphis to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as
billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same
Rees-Memphis Web site, the information you previously provided can be
retrieved, so you can easily use the Rees-Memphis features that you
customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web
browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser
setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you
may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the
Rees-Memphis services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Rees-Memphis secures your personal information from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Rees-Memphis secures the
personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a
controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or
disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is
transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption,
such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Rees-Memphis will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Rees-Memphis encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Rees-Memphis is protecting
your information.
Contact Information
Rees-Memphis welcomes your comments
regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Rees-Memphis has
not adhered to this Statement, please contact Rees-Memphis at blathrop@marketstrong.net. We
will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
Login
Copyright 2008 Rees Memphis Privacy Statement Terms Of Use