http://www.raes.org.au/_legal/privacy
Email us
Technical Society of Engineers Australia
Home
Discussion forums
Participate in these Division surveys to help us communicate with governments and industry
Branches
Division History
Australian Division
Adelaide Branch
Canberra Branch
Melbourne Branch
Perth Branch
Queensland Branch
Sydney Branch
Membership
Join Now
Membership Benefits
Membership Grades
Corporate Partners
Members Gallery
Update Details/Renew Membership
Resources
Papers and Presentations
Aviation and the Environment
Centenary of Powered Flight in Australia
Videos
Member Stories
Melbourne Branch
Sydney Branch
Adelaide Branch
Canberra Branch
Queensland Branch
Perth Branch
Accreditation
Supporting Engineers Australia
CPEng and CPD
National Aerospace Resource Centre
Awards
Australian Division Awards
Young RAeS
Flight Plan
Videos
Cool Aeronautics
About
Cool Webinars/Videos
Cool Students
Cool Educators
Cool Team
Cool Events
Conferences
member login
Privacy Policy
This document sets out the privacy policy of the Royal Aeronautical Society Australian Division lnc. (the "Division") relating to the protection of the privacy of "personal information" in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles as set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
The Division is a self-governing, associated body of the Royal Aeronautical Society (the "Society") with has its head office in London, United Kingdom.
Collection of Personal lnformation
The Division collects personal information (which may include sensitive information) from you or your authorized representative when you apply to become a member of the Society. The information is used for administration functions in relation to your membership of the Society and undertaking functions of the Division.
Sensitive information will be used by us only:
For the primary purpose for which it was obtained;
For a secondary purpose that is directly related to the primary purpose;
With your consent; or
Where required or authorized by law.
Disclosure
In addition to providing personal information to the Society, the Division is required by law:
To maintain a register of members.
To make the register available for inspection by members.
The Division will not provide member's personal information to third parties without the specific permission of the member.
Security of Personal Information
Your personal Information is stored in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse and loss and from unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
Access and Correction of Personal Information
Access to a member's personal information shown in the register will be granted upon receipt of a written application from the member. Requests to access or to correct the member's personal information are to be made in writing to the General Manager at any of the addresses listed below under the heading "How to Contact Us".
Maintaining the Quality of your Personal Information
It is important to us that your Personal Information is up to date. We will take reasonable steps to make sure that your Personal Information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. If you find that the information we have is not up to date or is inaccurate, please advise us as soon as practicable so we can update our records and ensure we can continue to provide quality services to you.
Complaints
Complaints in regard to how a member's personal information is handled by the Division or the Society can be made in writing addressed to the General Manager at any of the addresses shown below under the heading "How to Contact Us". A response to the complaint will be made within 30 days of receipt.
How to Contact Us
Contact can be made in writing to the General Manager at:
Email:
General Manager Email
Post:
General Manager
Royal Aeronautical Society Australian Division lnc.
PO Box 1583,
CROWS NEST NSW 2065
Join a global community of Aerospace Professionals
Join now