https://www.policylibrary.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Policy Library
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarPolicy LibraryPrivacy Policy
PolicyLibrary.com (“Policy Library”) operates PolicyLibrary.com and may operate other websites. It is Policy Library’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites. Website Visitors Like most website operators, Policy Library collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Policy Library purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Policy Library visitors use its website. From time to time, Policy Library may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. Policy Library also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on PolicyLibrary.com blogs/sites. Policy Library only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left. Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information Certain visitors to Policy Library websites choose to interact with Policy Library in ways that require Policy Library to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Policy Library gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at PolicyLibrary.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Policy Library are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Policy Library collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Policy Library. Policy Library does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities. Aggregated Statistics Policy Library may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Policy Library may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Policy Library does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information Policy Library discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Policy Library behalf or to provide services available at Policy Library websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Policy Library websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Policy Library will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Policy Library discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Policy Library believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Policy Library, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Policy Library website and have supplied your email address, Policy Library may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Policy Library and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Policy Library takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. Cookies A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Policy Library uses cookies to help Policy Library identify and track visitors, their usage of Policy Library website, and their website access preferences. Policy Library visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Policy Library websites, with the drawback that certain features of Policy Library websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. Business Transfers If Policy Library, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Policy Library goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Policy Library may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy. Ads Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Policy Library and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. Privacy Policy Changes Although most changes are likely to be minor, Policy Library may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Policy Library sole discretion. Policy Library encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a PolicyLibrary.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.Primary SidebarSearch the site ...
Latest News
Easy Power Plan Review
The Smoothie Diet Review
Baby Sleep Miracle Review
Heartburn No More Review
The Arthritis Step By Step Strategy Review
The Mediterranean Diet 30-Day Challenge Review
Infatuation Scripts Review
Back Pain Breakthrough Review
Slim Over 55 Review
Eat Sleep Burn Review
Keto Desserts Review
Back to Life – 3 Level Healthy Back System Review
Feel Good Knees for Fast Pain Relief Review
8 Week Custom Keto Diet Plan Review
Fat Burning Fingerprint Review
The Plant-Based Diet Cookbook Review
Fatty Liver Remedy Review
Back Pain Relief 4 Life Review
The Ex Factor Guide Review
Halki Diabetes Remedy Review
Ted’s Woodworking 16,000 Plans Review
The Bone Density Solution Review
The Vertigo and Dizziness Program Review
The Obsession Method Review
Okinawa Flat Belly Tonic Review
Reading Head Start Review
Keto Over Forty 28-Day Challenge Review
His Secret Obsession Review
Yoga Burn Review
Hemorrhoids Healing Protocol Review
The Stop Snoring and Sleep Apnea Program Review
14-Day Rapid Soup Diet Review
Keto Breads Review
The TMJ Solution Review
The Online Dog Trainer Review
Backyard Revolution Review
Overthrowing Anxiety Review
Anabolic Running Review
The Chronic Kidney Disease Solution Review
The Thyroid Factor Review
Hemorrhoid No More Review
The Hypothyroidism Solution Review
The Blood Pressure Program Review
Hard Wood Tonic System Review
Language of Desire Review
Fit After 50 Review
The Fat Burning Kitchen Review
28-Day Keto Challenge Review
Mend The Marriage Review
Diabetes Freedom Review
Eat Stop Eat Review
15 Minute Weight Loss Review
Ryan’s Shed Plans Review
Water Freedom System Review
Cinderella Solution System Review
Why Men Pull Away Review
Brain Training for Dogs Review
Old School New Body Review
PianoForAll Review
Eat The Fat Off Review
Save The Marriage System Review
Flat Belly Fix Review
Lean Body Hacks Review
The Kidney Disease Solution Review
Tone Your Tummy Review
Unlock Your Glutes Review
The Oxidized Cholesterol Strategy Review
End of Gout Review
The Parkinson’s Protocol Review
The Devotion System Review
The Non Alcoholic Fatty Liver Strategy Review
Penis Enlargement Bible Review
The Lost Book of Herbal Remedies Review
Hyperbolic Stretching Review
E.D. Elixir Review
Text Chemistry Review
Yeast Infection No More Review
EZ Battery Reconditioning Review
Make Him Worship You Review
Children Learning Reading Review
Trouble Spot Fat Loss Review
Pelvic Floor Strong System Review
Over 40 Keto Solution Review
New Updates
Why Men Pull Away Review The Fat Burning Kitchen Review
Copyright © 2020 About Policy Library · Terms · Privacy · Contact