https://www.kinetica.co.uk/cookie-policy/
JobSearch
+44 (0)113 261 71 81
Menu
Search Jobs
Profile
Logout
Register
Login
Profile
Logout
Register
Login
Upload CV
Brief Us
Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy applies to information collected through your use of our website, with instruments known as Cookies. Our Cookies generally do not collect personal information about you, however where they do, our Privacy Policy here applies.
What do we use Cookies for?
‘Cookies’ are small text files that are stored by your browser (for example, Internet Explorer or Safari) on your computer or mobile phone. We use Cookies to make our website easier to use and to better tailor our products to your interests and needs. They help our website recognise your device and remember information about your visit like your preferences, settings and how you use our website.
What Cookie types do we use?
Our Cookies are either first party or third party. Whether a Cookie is ‘first’ or ‘third’ party refers to the website or domain placing the Cookie. First Party Cookies are placed directly by us, while other parties we may do business with set Third Party Cookies. These third parties collect data directly from your web browser and the processing of this data is subject to their own privacy policies.
Cookies are either:
Session Cookies – which allow websites to link your actions during a browser session. We may use these for a variety of purposes such as remembering what you clicked on, on the previous page visited. These session Cookies expire after a browser session so would not be stored longer term; or
Persistent Cookies – which are stored on your device in between browser sessions and allow your preferences or actions across a site (or in some cases across different websites) to be remembered. These Cookies do not expire once the browsing session closes and remain on your device until an expiration date set by the source of the Cookie.
What are the categories of the Cookies we use?
Essential Cookies: These Cookies are essential to make our website work correctly, they enable you to move around our website and use our features. These Cookies are necessary for the provision of our services and if you do not want us to collect such information, you must cease using our website immediately.
Performance Cookies: These Cookies help us understand how you interact with our website, by providing information about the areas visited, the time spent on the website, and any issues encountered, such as error messages. This helps us improve the performance of our website.
Functionality Cookies: These Cookies allow our website to remember if you have previously visited our site or the choices you make (such as your user name, language, region or preferences) to provide a more personalised online experience.
Targeting/Advertising Cookies: These Cookies are used to deliver content that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may be used to deliver targeted advertising or to limit the number of times you see an advertisement.
How do you manage Cookies?
Most internet browsers are initially set up to automatically accept Cookies. You can change the settings to manage Cookies being sent to your device.
Disable Cookies in Internet Explorer >> Click here
Disable Cookies in Chrome >> Click here
Disable Cookies in Safari >> Click here
Disable Cookies in FireFox >> Click here
Disable Cookies in Safari IOS >> Click here
Disable Cookies in Google Android >> Click here
Click here for more information on Cookies and how to manage them.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Cookie Policy, please contact us at datacompliance@kinetica.co.uk
World Mental Health Day 2019
ESACT 2019: COPENHAGEN
2018: A Squeaky Odyssey
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
Site designed and built by Blowmedia
Close
About Us
Join Us
Candidates
Clients
Brief Us
View all Jobs
Scientific Recruitment
Medical Device Recruitment
Engineering Recruitment
Retained Search
Blog
Contact
Close
View All JobsAdvanced Job Search