http://www.goettfert.com/privacy-policy
Overview of all products
Melt Flow Indexermi2-seriesMI-3mi40mi40 - autoMI-Robo 89.16Capillary RheometerRHEOGRAPH 20RHEOGRAPH 25 / 50 / 75 / 120RHEOGRAPH Add-OnPVT 500Counter Pressure ViscosimeterRHEOGRAPH 25ETRICO-Ram
Elastomer-TestingMDR ElastographMDR Elastograph-SRPA Visco-ElastographMooney-ViskosimeterRCR 20RCR 75Volume PunchesLaboratory ExtruderX-trude 300X-trude 600X-trude 1400
Online-RheometerMBR/MBR-TDSSRRTR/RTSAddiCheckOnline SamplerFilm AnalysisBlown FIlm UnitFlat Film Unit
Elongation TestingRHEOTENSHAUL-OFFSLRD-MELTRHEOTENS ONLINESoftwareMFRHostmiCONNECTLabRheoWinRheo IIRubberViewROSWin
Process & measurement MethodsViscosity measurementElasticity measurementElongation measurementContinuous processClean room
Applicationsfor Melt Flow Indexerfor Capillary Rheometerfor Elastomer-Testing
Rheo-Infofor Melt Flow Indexerfor Capillary Rheometerfor Elastomer-Testingfor Online-Rheometersfor Elongation Testing
GlossaryVideos
MaintenanceserviceCONNECT
Moving your machineTest laboratory
WorkshopsWebinars
DQ IQ OQ
About usGÖTTFERT worldwideReferences & customersCooperationCertifications
NewsNews at a glanceNewsExhibition & presentationsWorkshopsWebinars
Rheology Testing
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Provider and responsible body within the meaning of the Data Protection Act:
GÖTTFERT Werkstoff-Prüfmaschinen GmbH Managing director: Dr.-Ing. Axel Göttfert Siemensstraße 2 74722 Buchen Germany
Fon: +49 (0) 62 81 408 - 0 Fax: +49 (0) 62 81 408 - 18 Email: info@goettfert.de
Scope
With this privacy policy, users receive information about the nature, scope and purpose of the collection and use of their data collected and used by the responsible provider.
The legal framework for data protection is the Bundesdatenschutzgesetz (BDSG) (from 25 May 2018: EU DSGVO and BDSG (new)) and the Telemediengesetz (TMG).
Collecting general information
With each access to this offer, information is automatically collected by us or the web space provider. This information, also known as server log files, is general in nature and does not allow any conclusions to be drawn.
Included are: name of the website, file, date, amount of data, web browser and web browser version, operating system, the domain name of your Internet provider, the so-called Referrer URL (the page from which you accessed our offer) and the IP address.
Without this data, it would not be technically possible to deliver and display the contents of the website. In this respect, the collection of data is imperative. In addition, we use the anonymous information for statistical purposes. They help us to optimize the offer and the technology. In addition, we reserve the right to subsequently inspect the log files in case of suspected illegal use of our offer.
Newsletter
If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will use the information you provide solely for this purpose or to inform you of the circumstances relevant to that service or registration. We do not share this data with third parties.
To receive the newsletter, a valid e-mail address is required. The IP address you use to sign up for the newsletter and the date on which you order the newsletter are also saved. These data serve as proof of misuse if a foreign e-mail address for the newsletter is registered. In addition, to ensure that an e-mail address is not abused by third parties in our mailing list, we work in accordance with the law with the so-called "double opt-in" procedure. As part of this process, the order of the newsletter, the dispatch of the confirmation email and the receipt of the confirmation of registration will be logged.
At any time you have the option to revoke your consent to the storage of the data, your e-mail address and their use for the newsletter dispatch. For the cancellation, we provide you with a link in every newsletter and on the website. You also have the option to inform us of your request for cancellation via the contact options mentioned in this document.
Cookies
This website uses so-called session cookies. These are text files that are stored on your computer from the server. They contain information about the browser, the IP address, the operating system and the Internet connection. We do not disclose this information to third parties or link it to personal data without their consent. Cookies fulfill two main tasks. They help us to facilitate the navigation through our offer and enable the correct presentation of the website. They are not used to inject viruses or launch programs.
Users have the opportunity to access our offer without cookies. For this purpose, the corresponding settings must be changed in the browser. Please refer to the help function of your browser, how cookies are deactivated. However, please be aware that this may interfere with some features of this website and reduce its ease of use. The www.aboutads.info/choices/ (US) and www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices/ (Europe) sites allow you to manage online ad cookies.
Online presence in social media
We maintain online presence within social networks and platforms in order to communicate with customers, prospects and users active there and to inform them about our services. When calling the respective networks and platforms, the terms and conditions and the data processing guidelines apply to their respective operators. Unless otherwise stated in our Privacy Policy, we process users' data as long as they communicate with us within social networks and platforms, e.g. write posts on our online presence or send us messages.
Youtube
We embed videos from YouTube platform of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Privacy Policy: www.google.com/policies/privacy/ Opt-Out: adssettings.google.com/authenticated
Google service reCaptcha
We use Google's reCaptcha service to determine if a human or computer is typing in our contact or newsletter form. Google uses the following data to check whether you are a human or a computer: the IP address of the device used, the website you visit with us and the captcha included, the date and duration of the visit, the identification data of the device used Browser and operating system type, Google account, when you're logged in to Google, mouse movements on the reCaptcha surfaces, and tasks that require you to identify images. The legal basis for the described data processing is Article 6 (1) (f) of the General Data Protection Regulation. There is a legitimate interest on our part in this data processing to ensure the security of our website and to protect us from automated input (attacks).
Contact
We offer you a contact option on our website, which you can contact us by e-mail and / or via a contact form. The information you have provided for the purpose of processing the contact is saved. The disclosure of this data by the user (by you) is completely voluntary. A passing on to third does not take place. A reconciliation of the data collected with data that may be collected by other components of our website also does not occur. The services offered may - as far as technically possible and reasonable - also be used without specification of this or under specification of anonymized data or a pseudonym. You can revoke your consent to the storage of your data in writing at any time. See also section "Information / Revocation / Deletion".
Data minimization
Personal data is stored according to the principles of data avoidance and data economy only as long as required or required by law (legal storage period). If the purpose of the information collected is omitted or the storage period ends, we block or delete the data.
Your rights to information, correction, suspension, cancellation and opposition
You have the right, upon request, to request information free of charge about the personal data stored by us, and / or to request a correction, blocking or deletion. Exceptions: These are the required data storage for business transactions or the data are subject to the statutory retention requirement. For these purposes, please contact our data protection officer (contact details: at the end of the privacy policy). To be able to consider a data lock at any time, it is necessary to keep the data in a lock file for control purposes. If there is no statutory filing requirement, you can also request the deletion of the data. Otherwise we will block the data if you so desire.
Our data
The use of contact information published in the legal notice or comparable information such as postal addresses, telephone and fax numbers as well as e-mail addresses by third parties for the purpose of sending information not expressly requested is not permitted. Legal action against the senders of so-called spam mails for violations of this prohibition are expressly reserved.
Change of our privacy policy
In order to ensure that our privacy policy always complies with current legal requirements, we reserve the right to make changes at any time. This also applies in the event that the privacy policy has to be adapted due to new or revised services, for example new services. The new privacy policy will then take effect on your next visit to our offer.
Contact, questions about privacy
If you would like to contact us for your personal information and data protection or if you have any suggestions or complaints regarding the processing of your personal data, please contact our data protection officer. This can be reached at the e-mail address rb@six-datenschutz.de. We are happy to answer your privacy questions in our company.
The complete contact information of the data protection officer is: Ronald Baranowski Kasseler Str. 30 61118 Bad Vilbel Fon: 06101 – 982 94 22 Mobile: 0170 – 557 09 38 Email: rb@six-datenschutz.de
Sales
Service