http://www.thebigfiveproject.com/privacy/
Research Consent & Privacy Policy
Your well being and privacy are important to us. As you use our services, we want to be clear how your information is used and how your privacy is protected so that you can make an informed decision about your participation.
This page explains:
•	 The benefits and risks of participation.
•	 Research consent.
•	 What information we collect.
•	 How we use your information.
•	 How we share the information we collect.
•	 Children’s privacy.
•	 International visitors.
•	 Our contact information.
THE BENEFITS AND RISKS OF PARTICIPATION
Anyone is allowed to participate in the research conducted on this website. Your participation is anonymous, and participation will take around 15 to 20 minutes. Based on your responses to a survey, a personality profile will be created for you. Your results will be displayed as soon as you submit your answers, and your results are free.
There are no foreseeable risks to you from using our services. Our services are for educational purposes only and are not intended to be a substitute for counseling with a health care provider.
RESEARCH CONSENT
Your participation on this website is completely voluntary. To avoid any confidentiality risks associated with participating, no personally identifiable data about you is gathered or stored. Because participation is anonymous, we have no ability to link survey response data to an individual person, so cannot locate data to delete it after it has been submitted.
You may refuse to answer any of the questions, and you may withdraw your consent and discontinue participation in this study before submitting your survey responses by simply leaving this website.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect log files detailing which pages you visited and your survey response data. We do not use cookies or any persistent identifiers, nor does this website use any third party tracking services.
If you choose to contact us using the contact form and you elect to enter an email address, then your email address will be stored so that we can reply to your message. No attempt is made to link your email address with your survey response data.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Web log files are used for analyzing traffic patterns and improving our services for users like you.
Your responses to psychology surveys are used to determine your results profile that is shared with you. Your survey responses and your feedback on your results profile is also used to improve our services for future visitors.
HOW WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Your responses to the psychology surveys on this website are recorded and used for research purposes by professors and research staff at accredited universities, reviewed institutions, and with other educational projects. The results of this research are released in aggregate statistics, usually in academic journals and conferences.
By submitting a survey to our website, you acknowledge that your responses will be recorded and shared per this privacy policy.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We take the online protection of children very seriously. Our services are not directed at children under the age of 13. We do not ask for any personal information. Survey response answers are entirely anonymous and survey response data cannot be connected with anyone’s name or identity.
INTERNATIONAL VISITORS
Our services are hosted in the United States. If you choose to use the services from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing.
OUR CONTACT INFORMATION
Please contact us with any questions or comments about this policy, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email at privacy@thebigfiveproject.com.
If you have questions about other issues, please contact us using the feedback page.
The Big Five Project
Copyright (c) 2015 Atof Inc.