http://www.smglobal.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Using the software (trial and full versions)
You can review a copy of the license here.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you visit/ register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
– To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
– To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
– To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
– To process transactions
– To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
– To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for any requests you make, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to yourrequest, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you may contact us or use the unsubscribe instructions in the email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order
Do we use cookies?
Yes. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers for marketing & advertising (including online behavioral advertising) and to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. You can opt out of many third-party service provider’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information available here.
Need
help
selecting
the
right
CMMS
software
for your company, and not sure where to start?Free CMMS Software Selection Guide
Scroll to Top