http://www.rapidmicrobiology.com/privacy
Privacy
www.rapidmicrobiology.com is owned and operated by
Rapid Test Methods Ltd.,
10 McCurtain Hill, Clonakilty, Co. Cork, Republic of Ireland.
Company Registration Number: 401476, VAT Number IE 9767030Q.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are stored in the hard drive of your computer by websites that you visit.
How does www.rapidmicrobiology.com (“this Site”) use cookies? This Site uses cookies to improve your experience and provide advertising on our Site. Some cookies we use permit us to remember choices you make and provide you with a more personalised experience for example your preferences and settings such as redirecting to a mobile version of this Site when you are browsing with a smart phone.
Other third party cookies: Some pages on our Site may contain embed content from third party websites such as YouTube. By viewing and/or accessing this embedded content these third party websites may set their own cookies on your web browser. Rapid Test Methods Ltd. does not exercise any control or supervision over embedded content from these third party websites. This cookies policy and/or our privacy policy do not cover these third party websites. Therefore, where you wish to access embedded content from third parties we would strongly encourage you to read the Privacy Policies and Cookies Policies from these third parties to see what information they collect, use and share about you.
How do I disable Cookies? Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you wish, you can change the settings on your browser to refuse all cookies. In addition, you can modify the settings on your browser to be notified when a cookie is sent or to accept all cookies. You browser’s help screen will tell you how to change your settings. However, you should note that disabling cookies may result in some parts of the Site not working efficiently or in slower downloads.
Privacy
The following states what information we gather and how it is used. You can visit our site without telling us who you are or giving any personally identifiable information. We do however monitor the IP address of our visitors, geographic location and which pages have been visited in order to assess the effectiveness of our content. When you supply personal information to us for a specific purpose such as receiving further product information we pass on your details to that supplier [or those suppliers] only and not to third parties. We use e-mail links to allow you to contact us directly via e-mail. We may use the information provided in your e-mail to update the content of our site and respond to your questions or comments. We may also store your message for future reference, whilst your personal information is not shared with third parties we may occasionally send you information on behalf of third parties. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our policies on privacy, please contact info@rapidmicrobiology.com
Your Right to Opt Out
We email our newsletter out every week to all opt-in subscribers, by registering for our newsletter you are agreeing to us using your email address for this purpose, we do not share your address with any third party. We store and process the data that you have provided to us on registration. Every newsletter we send includes an unsubscribe link, if you choose to opt out of receiving our newsletter this will take effect immediately. We occasionally send marketing emails to those who have previously expressed an interest in our services, every marketing email contains an unsubscribe link which will take effect immediately. We do not share your details with any third party. All personally identifiable data is stored securely and only authorised personnel have controlled access to it, you have the right to know what information we hold for you and the right to ask us to delete your details.
EU General Data Protection Regulation
Rapid Test Methods Ltd. is compliant with the EU General Data Protection Regulation. You can download our GDPR statement here.
Posting Policy
Rapid Test Methods Ltd. reserve the right to accept or reject submitted material and the right to edit, abbreviate or change any text or image.
Third Party Websites
This site contains links to other web sites, please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another site, whose content we have no control over. The privacy policy and use of cookies may also differ from ours therefore we recommend you check the third parties website for their own policies.
Liability
Liability for any error will not exceed the charge for the advertisement in question; Rapid Test Methods ltd. is not liable for any inaccuracy howsoever caused, whether in paid for advertising or editorial. Rapid Test Methods Ltd. cannot accept any responsibility for any downtime by internet servers, ISPs or any interruption of access to this website. We also accept no responsibility for subsequent generation of spam email, computer viruses or any other intercepts.
Enquiries
Product or service enquiries generated are emailed directly to the contact email address provided; no responsibility is accepted for any non-receipt of emails howsoever caused. The contact details of enquirers should not be re-distributed to any third party and should be handled in accordance with the applicable data protection legislation.
Disputed
Any disputes arising should be settled solely and only according to the laws of the Republic of Ireland.
SUBSCRIBE
Get our eNewsletter
Over 6,000 microbiology professionals get our weekly eNewsletter - subscribe now and find out why!
LATEST MICROBIOLOGY NEWS
SGL Introduces a Pre-Poured Burkholderia cepacia Agar 90mm Plate Compliant with USP <60>
Rapid Microbial Results for Food and Personal Care Industries
Latest Updates on COVID-19 Testing - Kits, Products, Services, Instrumentation - 8 Dec 2020
Multicenter Study Shows Benefits of Full Laboratory Automation
ATCC Launch External Control Kit for COVID-19 Testing
Lonza's MODA-EM™ Paperless Solution to be Implemented at UK Vaccine Manufacturing Facility
Trust NSI, a Leader in ISO-Certified Secondary Reference Standards
Blockchain to Solve COVID-19 Testing Reagent Shortage
The One-Stop Guide for Food Safety Testing Has Been Updated!
Reduced Time to Negative Results for Poultry Products
MICROBIOLOGY EVENTS
Enterococcus: Key Indicator In Water Quality Assurance
Quality Control Laboratory Compliance - cGMPs and GLPs
Legionella Conference 2021
Data Integrity: FDA/EU Requirements and Implementation
Major Food Microbiology Pathogens
Rapid Methods Europe 2021 - Virtual Conference
Cleanroom, Microbiology and Sterility Assurance Practices for Drug and Device Manufacturers
USP Microbiology 2021 - Keeping Up With Standards
Pharmaceutical Microbiology for Non-Microbiologists
SMi's 4th Annual Pharmaceutical Microbiology East Coast - Virtual Conference
Sign up for our eNewsletter
Get the latest microbiology news every week - straight to your inbox !
Submit
rapidmicrobiology.com uses cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy
More Info
OK
Don't miss out!
Get the latest microbiology updates every week.
Subscribe for free
No Thanks, Subscribed already