http://www.irishplanninginstitute.ie/legal
Legal
Find A Planner
IPI Member Benefits
Legal
General
The Irish Planning Institute (The Institute) fully respects your right to privacy and actively seeks to preserve the privacy rights of those who share information with the Institute. The Institute will not collect any personal information about you on its websites without your clear permission. Any information, which you submit via the Institute’s website will be treated with the highest possible standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003
Scope
This statement outlines our privacy policy with regard to this website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other linked websites. The Institute reserves the right to amend the scope of the privacy statement at any time which may include or exclude other sites.
Personal Information
The Institute will not collect any personal data about you on its website, apart from information contained in the Members Area which is password protected, or which is submitted via web forms, or which is information volunteered via email. It is the policy of the Institute never to disclose any information in respect of any individual website visitors to any third party, unless legally obliged to make such disclosure. Information is used by the Institute solely for the purposes for which it is provided.
Technical Information
Technical details of your visit the Institute’s website are recorded. The details include IP addresses, browser details and web search terms. This information will only be used for statistical and site management purposes. We do not store any personal or traceable customer information in the cookies that we use. Additionally, all our cookie data is encrypted to prevent third parties from accessing the information they contain. Each cookie we set lasts only for the duration of each visit.
Security Statement
This site uses the Secure Sockets Layer protocol to protect your online transaction. Secure Sockets Layer is a security protocol that provides communications privacy over the Internet. This allows your computer to communicate with our server in a way that is designed to prevent tampering or message forgery. Your credit card number is also “one-way” encrypted as it enters our databases. This means that it cannot be read from the database by our staff. We will take all reasonable care to keep the details of your order and credit card information secure but unless we have been negligent, we will not be liable for any losses you may suffer as a result of unauthorised access by a third party to the information transmitted by you when making reservations at this website.
Privacy Statement and Data Protection Queries
Any queries or concerns you may have regarding the processing or storage of personal information, or of your right of access to your personal data collected on this website should be addressed to:
The AdministratorIrish Planning Institute3rd Floor, The Courtyard25 Great Strand StreetDublin 1
Glossary of Terms
Web Browser - The piece of software you use to read web pages. Examples are Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape Navigator and Opera.
IP Address - The identifying details for your computer (or your Internet company’s computer), expressed in “Internet protocol” code. Every computer connected to the web has a unique IP address, although the address may not be the same every time a connection is made.
Cookies - A cookie is a block of data that a web server places on a user’s PC. Typically, it is used to ease navigation through the site. However, it is also a useful means for the web site identifying the user, tracking the user’s path through the site, and identifying repeat visits to the site by the same user (or same user’s machine). This can then lead to a web site owner being able to profile individual users browsing habits - and all potentially done without the knowledge, or consent, of the user.
Web Beacons - Also referred to as a Web bug or a pixel tag. The beacon is usually a small transparent graphic, one pixel in size, which may be located on a web page or in an email. The transparent pixel is normally set to load an image from a different location on the web and may pass user information to the web server, such as the IP address, the duration of the visit and browser type. Turning off the browser’s cookies will prevent Web beacons from tracking the user’s activity.
Printer-friendly version
Become a member today!
Apply online here
We use Cookies By using this website, you consent to our cookies policy
don't show again