http://www.estwing.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
Products
Expand menu
Collapse menu
Nail Hammers
Axes / Outdoor
Bricklayer
Geological
Specialty
Drywall
Roofing
Pry Bars
Deadblow
Soft Face
International
Sure Strike
REXIT
Apparel
Safety & Support
Expand menu
Collapse menu
Literature
Product Videos
Safety Tips
Warranty
Photo Library
Licensed Products
Expand menu
Collapse menu
All
Compressors, Hoses, Acc.
Nailers
Picks & Hooks
Screwdrivers
Knives
Sledge Hammers
Work Gear
Work Gloves
Company
Expand menu
Collapse menu
About Us
Find a Sales Representative
Careers
Contact Us
Buy Online
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Estwing Manufacturing Co., Inc.
Last Updated: September 22, 2017
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected through this web site (“Site”) and how that information is used and shared. Estwing Manufacturing Co., Inc. (“Estwing,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) and its suppliers may collect or receive the types of information described below in connection with your access to and use of the Site (together, “Collected Information”).
By accessing or using the Site, you (“you”) agree that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy and that you consent to the collection, use, and sharing of information as discussed below. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, do not access or use the Site.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and made a part of our Terms of Use. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will be effective immediately upon posting to the Site and, by accessing or using the Site after changes are posted, you agree to those changes. Material changes will be conspicuously posted on the Site.
Information Security
Estwing does not guarantee that loss, misuse, or alteration of Collected Information will not occur, but we have security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of information under our control. Specifically, our online storefront uses Secure Socket Layers (SSL) technology is used to encrypt information passed between your browser and our systems. The storage and communication of information can never be completely secure, so we do not guarantee that communications or other information that you submit or that are otherwise provided to us will be completely secure. If you become aware of any breach of Site security or this Privacy Policy, please notify us at mrobinson@estwing.com immediately. If our security system is breached, we will notify you of the breach only if and to the extent required under applicable law.
We Collect Information that You Submit
Personally identifiable information
Payment information
Mailing list information
Information submitted via Facebook Lead Ads
Personally Identifiable Information. You can visit the Site without sharing personally identifiable information, but you will be required to provide personally identifiable information in order to use certain Site features, for example, to purchase products. We will collect any personally identifiable information from or about you that you choose to submit to us, which may include your name, physical address, email address, and telephone number. Specifically, we collect your personally identifiable information in connection with your purchase of products, in receiving and fulfilling information requests, and when you respond to communications from us (e.g., promotional offers). We will use your personally identifiable information to process your orders for products, to communicate with you in connection with your orders, and to provide you with information and communications that you request or that we believe are relevant or may be of interest to you, subject to applicable laws and the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Payment Information. Purchases of products must be made by credit or debit card. All credit and debit card information is provided directly to our PCI-compliant third-party payment processor. Estwing does not directly access, handle, or store your credit or debit card information. To make a purchase, you will need to submit your name and your credit or debit card type, number, expiration date, security code, and billing address. We will maintain a record of the purchases that you make using the Site.
Mailing List Information. The Site may allow you to sign up for Estwing mailing lists. If you sign up or otherwise opt in to receive promotions from us, you may need to submit your name and email address or other contact information. We will use this information to provide you with promotional and other electronic communications. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from us at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the applicable email. We may use a third party email provider to deliver these communications to you.
Facebook Lead Ads. Estwing will collect any information you choose to submit via an Estwing Facebook Lead Ad. In addition to the personally identifiable information listed above, these Leads Ads may allow you to submit other information, for example, your hobbies and occupation. If you provide us with your contact information via a Facebook Lead Ad, we will add you to our electronic and hard copy mailing lists and we will use that information to send you emails on new products and otherwise as described below.
Other Information We Collect
Data collected by the servers used to operate the Site (e.g., IP addresses)
Data collected by cookies
Data collected by embedded content
IP Addresses and Related Data. The servers used to operate the Site may collect data pertaining to you and the equipment, software, and communication methods you use to access the Internet and the Site, including Internet protocol (“IP”) addresses assigned to your computer, your Internet service provider (ISP), your approximate geographic location, your browser type, the pages you access on the Site, the web sites you access before and after visiting the Site, the length of time you spend on the Site, date and time stamps, and clickstream data. Estwing may use this information to administer the Site and its servers, to generate statistical information, to monitor and analyze Site traffic and usage patterns, to monitor and prevent fraud, to investigate complaints and violations of our policies, and to improve the Site’s content and the products, services, materials, and other content that we describe or make available through the Site. We may combine this information with personally identifiable information, other Collected Information, and information obtained from third parties for security reasons. The suppliers that we use to provide the Site may collect information about your visits to the Site and other web sites.
Cookies. The Site may automatically use cookies to track Site use and to facilitate and enhance the user experience on the Site. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored on your computer’s hard drive by your browser. The Site may use both cookies that we implement and cookies implemented by our suppliers and other third parties. We use cookies to track how you access and use the Site, to learn when and how users visit the Site, to learn how popular Site pages are and aren’t, to learn which search terms are used to find the Site, and to learn which web sites direct you to the Site. We also use cookies to help display certain information on the Site and to improve your enjoyment of the Site, for example, by remembering your contact and other information when you access or use the Site. Most browsers automatically accept cookies. You can disable this function, but disabling cookies may impact your use and enjoyment of the Site. Our Site suppliers may use cookies and other tracking technologies to track Site visitors across the Internet to understand how you get to the Site. Due to this automatic collection of cookies, we do not honor “do not track” requests.
Embedded Content. The Site incorporates content, including feeds scripts embedded in the Site’s code as well as visible content (for example, videos) provided by third parties. In some cases, those third parties collect data about how you interact with their content. For example, Vimeo may collect or otherwise have access to usage data on videos embedded on the Site as described in Vimeo’s privacy policy,  https://vimeo.com/privacy.
How We Use and Share Collected Information
In addition to the uses described above, Estwing and its suppliers may use and share Collected Information as described below. We will not sell, rent, or share Collected Information except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy or as permitted by applicable law.
We use Collected Information for the purpose for which it was collected.
We use Collected Information to communicate with you.
We use Collected Information to evaluate and improve the Site.
We use and share Collected Information in connection with legal proceedings or to protect our rights.
We share Collected Information with the suppliers that provide us with services in connection with the Site.
We aggregate Collected Information to create anonymous data on Site users.
We share Collected Information if Estwing undergoes a change in control.
Purpose Collected. We will use your personally identifiable information for the purpose for which you have given it to us, including to process your orders for products and to provide you with information and communications that you request. If you place an order through the Site, we will use Collected Information to communicate with you regarding your order. If you provide us with your telephone number using the “Contact Us” feature, we may call you at that telephone number in response to your questions or comments. If you contact us for support or assistance in using the Site, we may use Collected Information to determine whether or not your system meets the minimum requirements needed to access and use the Site and otherwise to contact you regarding your request.
Communication with You. We may use Collected Information to notify you of changes made to the Site, for example, changes to our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, and, if you sign up or otherwise opt in to receive promotions from us, to send you promotional materials and other communications as described above.
Site Evaluation and Improvement. We may use Collected Information: to analyze, develop, and improve the content, materials, products, and services that we make available through the Site and the Site’s functionality; to inform marketing and communication plans and strategies; to evaluate user needs and customize Site content, promotional emails, and your browsing experience; and for other legitimate and lawful business purposes.
Security and Protection of Rights. We may use Collected Information and share it with third parties to the extent permitted by applicable law, including in the event of a subpoena, court order, or law enforcement request. Estwing will use Collected Information and share it with third parties if we believe doing so is necessary to operate the Site or to protect our rights or the rights of others, including disclosing information necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action in the event of a violation of our contracts, terms, or policies.
Sharing Collected Information with Our Suppliers. We may share Collected Information with our Site management and hosting supplier, software suppliers, payment processors, email service suppliers, and other suppliers as necessary for us to provide the Site and our products and services to you and as may otherwise be permitted by applicable law. These suppliers include Shopify Inc., our online storefront software provider and payment processor. Shopify may use Collected Information as described in its privacy policy, which is located at https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We require our suppliers to comply with all applicable data privacy laws and regulations. Our suppliers are authorized to and may use Collected Information as necessary for them to provide the applicable services to us and they may share Collected Information with their suppliers when necessary.
Aggregate Data. We may aggregate personally identifiable information and other Collected Information to create anonymous aggregate data on Site users, which describes users as a group but does not reveal the identity of individual users. We may use aggregate data to understand Site users’ needs, to determine Site user demographics and usage patterns, to determine what kinds of products and services we can provide, and to improve and enrich our products, services, and the Site.
Business Transactions. All Collected Information is exclusively the property of Estwing but, if Estwing undergoes a change in control, acquisition, merger, reorganization, or asset sale, all information owned by or in the control of Estwing may be transferred or sold to the successor of the transaction. That successor will be bound by this Privacy Policy as it applies to that information.
Third-Party Web Sites
The Site may link to, or be linked to, web sites not maintained or controlled by Estwing. Estwing is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third parties or any third-party web sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party web sites or to any personally identifiable or other information that you may provide to third parties. You should read the privacy policy for each web site that you visit.
Access by Children
The Site is not directed at children under 13 years of age. Estwing does not knowingly collect or use information from children under 13 through the Site.
Site Access from Outside the United States
If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, please be aware that Collected Information may be transferred to, stored in, and processed in the United States (where our and our suppliers’ servers and databases are located and operated). The data protection and related laws and regulations of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in the country from which you are accessing the Site.
How to Access Your Personally Identifiable Information
To access or update your personal identifiable information as it exists in our records, contact us at mrobinson@estwing.com.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, contact us by email at mrobinson@estwing.com, by telephone at (815) 397-9558, or by mail at Estwing Manufacturing Co., Inc., 2647 Eighth Street, Rockford, Illinois 61109.