http://www.utechproducts.com/m/privacy-policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Written by Bart van der Meer
Monday, November 23 2009 05:40
Utech Products, Inc. is responsible for this Web site. If you reside outside of The United States of America, the party you are contracting with is UTECH PRODUCTS Inc. You can reach Utech Products by mail at 135 Broadway, Schenectady NY, attention Communications Dept.; or by e-mail at Web.Master AT utechproducs.com. The Web server hosting this Web site is owned and maintained by Utech Products, Inc. Policies stated herein relate to www.utechproducts.com and any other Web sites owned and operated by Utech Products, Inc.
Utech Products, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other Web sites that are hyper-linked to or from the Utech Products, Inc. Web site. Those hyper-links are for mere convenience of the users and you may use or ignore those hyperlinks at own discretion.
Personal Privacy on the Utech Products, Inc.’s Web SiteBrowsing the Utech Products, Inc. Web site and online catalog without disclosing any personal information is permissible. However, to access advanced features and services of the site, we ask that you provide certain personal information to register with us.
If you wish to order products using this Web site, you will be asked for Contact Information (your name, phone number and e-mail address etc.), Shipping Address, Billing Address and Method of Payment (either a valid Utech Products, Inc. Account Number or a Credit Card Number). All pages on this Web site are encryption protected. However, some pages to which you link from this site may not be encryption protected.
This site collects the domain name, IP address, computer type and browser type of site visitors. This information is aggregated and used internally for statistical analysis of visitor activity and usage trends. This information may also be used—at the visitor's request—to provide technical support.
Information provided to us by visitors to our sites in quote request, purchase orders, registration forms, and surveys will be used for business purposes with Utech Products only. We do not sell or otherwise provide any of this information to mailing list companies or other similar database organizations. Certain information may be provided to Utech vendors whose products may be of interest to you, unless you tell us that you do not want such information transmitted.
Session tracking and "cookies"The product selection and ordering process requires that each Web page recognize your entire visit to the site—a technology known as a "session tracking." One way to recognize your entire visit to the site is to save "cookies" to your computer. The Utech Products web site may use cookies, or functionally equivalent technology, to accomplish session tracking.
Use of cookies during Session tracking permits efficient use of your time, e.g., it allows you to place products in your Shopping Cart while browsing the product catalog for different items and enables you to avoid re-entering data on multiple pages. Session tracking and the use of cookies help make your visit to the Utech Products web site more efficient and more convenient.
Utech does not use the information obtained through cookies for any purpose unrelated to your activities on our Web site. Utech Products, Inc. does not obtain personal information about you, e.g., your name, address, telephone number, or social security number, through the use of cookies or any other electronic means via the Web site unless you voluntarily provide that information to us through the registration process or other communications.
Please note: The "session ID" (as described below) is assigned to each session. If you visit the Utech Products web site and leave for any reason, your ID will have changed when you return. If you were a logged-in Registered user for the previous session, any items you placed in your Shopping Cart will be saved for you. If you were not logged in, those items will be lost.
Data SecurityThis site uses Secure Socket Layer encryption in the transmission of all information. All pages relating to your business transactions on this Web site have encryption protection. However, some pages to which you link from this site may not be encryption protection. Utech Products, Inc. stores all personal and financial data in a private database that is not connected to the Internet. Our databases are protected from unauthorized access by firewalls, passwords and other well known security mechanisms to the extent available on the market.
RegistrationYou can browse our Web site and online catalog without disclosing any personal information. However, if you wish to access more advanced features and services within our Web site, we ask that you register by providing certain personal information. This information may include—but is not limited to—your name, Utech Products, Inc. account information, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card number. Utech Products, Inc. uses this information to give you access to the following benefits:
View your contract price online.
View up-to-the-minute product availability.
Obtain price quotes.
Place orders.
View the status of your orders.
The information you provide when you register is used only for the above purposes and to determine site activity and usage trends. You may also choose to receive promotional literature via e-mail or postal mail. We do not sell or otherwise provide this information to mailing list companies or other similar database organizations. Certain information may be provided to Utech Products, Inc. Vendors whose products may be of interest to you. All pages on this Web site have encryption protection. However, some pages to which you link from this site may not be encrypted and we can not guarantee consequences of your visits to such sites. We store all personal data in a private database that is not connected to the Internet.
If you wish to be removed from our database, please call 1-800 828-8324, or e-mail us at web support@utechproducts.com . If you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact with you, we will remove your information promptly.
OrderingIf you wish to order products on the Utech Products web site, you will be asked for Contact Information, your Shipping Address, Billing Address and Method of Payment (either a valid Utech Products, Inc. Account Number or a Credit Card Number). All pages on this Web site have encryption protection. However, some pages to which you link from this site may not be encrypted. We store all personal data in a private database that is not connected to the Internet. The Billing Address and Method of Payment is used only by Utech Products, Inc. to secure payment for your order. Your Contact Information and Shipping Address may be shared with a product's manufacturer, if the product is shipped directly from the manufacturer. If you have registered with us, you have the option to receive e-mail confirmations for all orders you place on the Utech Products web site. You can activate or deactivate this option at your discretion by editing your Profile on our site.
Promotional InformationOccasionally, Utech Products, Inc. may wish to inform you of new features of the site, special product promotions or other marketing programs. If you have registered, you will be offered these announcements via e-mail or postal mail. You will be given the ability to activate or deactivate the transmission of these announcements to you. Certain areas of the site will inform you on how to take advantage of any promotions, publications, and special benefits, which may be offered from time to time. These areas may require you to provide personal information, such as—but not limited to—contact information and/or purchasing history. This information may be used to determine your eligibility and may be provided to Utech Products, Inc. vendors whose products may be of interest to you.
Contacts From Utech Products, Inc. Utech Products, Inc. may need to contact you for sales information, customer service or technical support. Please contact us if you do not wish us to continue contacting you for any of these purposes. In that event, however, we may not be able to monitor quality of service provided to you.
Utech Products, Inc. reserves the right to contact site visitors regarding their account status and changes to any relevant agreements or policies. Utech Products, Inc. reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying visitors of the existence and location of the new or revised privacy policy.
Questions or Comments
If you have any questions regarding the use of any information we obtain about customers, or if you believe Utech Products, Inc. has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by phone at 1-800-828-8324, or by e-mail at websupport@utechproducts.com
Warranty Disclaimer
Despite the efforts of Utech Products, Inc. to provide accurate information, it is not possible to completely ensure that all information is completely current and correct. The materials contained on the server could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Utech Products, Inc. does not assume responsibility or liability for any actions taken as a result of using the server. Further, Utech Products, Inc. assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in the materials on the server. THESE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Utech Products, Inc. further does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within these materials. In no event shall Utech Products, Inc. be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data, or profits, whether or not advised of the possibility of damage, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use of the materials. The materials are subject to change without notice and do not represent a commitment of Utech Products, Inc. All products and services referenced on the server are provided subject to the applicable terms and conditions.
New Account Application Setting up a new account with Utech Products, Inc. is easy. Just click here to download a New Account Application (PDF), print, then complete and fax it to Customer Service at 518 489 3772.
Trademarks
The following are some of the trademarks and service marks of Utech Products, Inc. many of which are registered in one or more countries: UTECH®, ImageArk®, EndoSoft®, EndoSwift®, BronchoSoft®. Utech Products, Inc. also claims trademark rights to other marks which may not be explicitly listed.
USE OF MARKS WITHOUT THE EXPRESS WRITTEN PERMISSION OF UTECH PRODUCTS, INC. IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED
Other trademarks or suppliers and service marks are the property of their respective owners or suppliers. Reference to a company, product, service or publication, or access through link to their web sites does not imply an approval or recommendation of that company, product, service or publication.
COPYRIGHTS:
Copyright © 2005,Utech Products, Inc. All rights reserved.
Last Updated on Monday, July 26 2010 03:13
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Need Assistance?
sales@utechproducts.com
© 2020 Utech Products Inc. All Rights Reserved.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. ACCEPTX