http://www.nrgsystems.com/home/privacy-policy/
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
NRG SYSTEMS TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICYEffective as of 6/4/2018Please read these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy (“Terms”) carefully before using this web site. This Privacy Policy discloses our privacy practices for the site. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected on the site. By accessing or using our site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to our collection and processing of your Data. If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, do not access our website.USE OF SITENRG SYSTEMS authorizes you to view and download the materials at this Web site ("Site") only for your personal, non-commercial use. You must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials on any copies of the materials. You may not modify the materials at this Site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose. For purposes of these Terms, any use of these materials on any other Web site or networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. The materials at this Site are copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any materials at this Site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. If you breach any of these Terms, your authorization to use this Site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials.LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITESLinks to third party Web sites on this Site are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this Site. NRG Systems has not reviewed all of these third party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content. Thus, NRG Systems does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.DISCLAIMERThe materials and services provided at this site are provided "as is" without any warranties of any kind including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property. NRG Systems does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the materials or services at this Site. NRG Systems may make changes to the materials and services at this Site, or to the services described in them, at any time without notice. The materials and services at this Site may be out of date, and NRG Systems makes no commitment to update the materials and services at this Site. Information published at this Site may refer to products, programs, or services that are not available in your country.LIMITATION OF LIABILITYIn no event will NRG Systems be liable for any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data, or business interruption arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of this Site, any Web sites linked to this Site, or the materials, information, products, or services contained herein.APPLICABLE LAWSThis Site is administered by NRG Systems from its offices in Hinesburg, Vermont, USA. NRG Systems makes no representation that materials or services at this Site are appropriate or available for use outside the United States and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Vermont, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. Any trademarks referenced within this site are the property of their respective companies.DESIGN AND PHOTOGRAPHYThe design of this Web site and photography is the property of NRG Systems.DATA WE COLLECT AND PROCESSNRG Systems may collect information from business customers when their representatives create online accounts, place orders, or subscribe to our mailing list. This information may include personally identifiable information, or personal data, which may include but is not limited to:Your first and last name
Your physical address
Your telephone number
Your email address
Your device’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address
Your device’s browser type
The pages of our Site that you visit
The time and date of your visit to this Site
The time spent on our Site pages
Your quote/order details and quote/order history
WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR DATANRG Systems only collects or has access to information that a customer’s representative voluntarily gives us upon creation of an online account, placement of orders, or subscription to our mailing list. We use this information only for our legitimate business purposes associated with the reasons that you contacted us. We may use this information in the following ways:Order fulfillment
Billing
Responding to inquiries, comments, requests and providing customer service
Sending relevant marketing communications and advertisements, with your permission
Conducting surveys
Improving and optimizing your experience on our Site
Assessing the success of our current marketing and advertising campaigns
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATIONIn accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), we are considered a “controller” of Data. While we will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone, we may engage third party “processors” for a variety of reasons, including fulfillment of a customer’s request (e.g., to ship an order), assistance with marketing automation, and obtaining a better understanding of how users navigate our Site.Certain third-party service providers have their own privacy policies. We recommend that you read their privacy policies so that you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. Here are links to privacy policies for some of the third-party services we use:Google Analytics Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Pardot/Salesforce Privacy Policy: https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
FeedBlitz Privacy Policy: https://www.feedblitz.com/privacy
SurveyMonkey Privacy Policy: https://www.surveymonkey.com/mp/legal/privacy-policy/?ut_source=footer
FormStack Privacy Policy: https://www.formstack.com/privacy
YOUR CONSENT AND RIGHTSBy accessing our Site and providing data to complete a transaction or to receive communication from us, you have provided your consent for our use and collection of your Data. However, in the event that you change your mind and no longer want us to utilize your Data, you may withdraw your consent by contacting us at info@nrgsystems.com with the subject line Privacy Compliance.You may exercise the following rights in relation to your Data:The right to be informed. This privacy notice gives you transparency on how NRG processes and handles your personal data. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.
The right of access. You are allowed anytime and free of charge to access your personal data so that you are aware of and can verify the lawfulness of the processing. Information will be provided without delay and at the latest within one month of receipt.
The right to rectification. You are entitled to have personal data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to erasure or to be forgotten. You can request the deletion or removal of your personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing.
The right to restrict processing. You have the right to suppress processing of personal data.
The right to data portability. This allows you to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services.
The right to objection. You have the right to object to a) processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority, b) direct marketing and c) processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics.
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
BUSINESS AFFILIATESNRG does not share data about event attendees with business affiliates unless: (1) you specifically opt in to such sharing via an event registration form; or (2) you attend a company event and allow NRG or any of its business affiliates or event vendors to scan your attendee badge. If you do not wish for your information to be shared in this manner, you may choose not to opt in via event registration forms and elect not to have your badge scanned at company events. If you choose to share your information with business affiliates and vendors in the manners described above, your information will be subject to the business partners’ respective privacy statements.INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF INFORMATION COLLECTEDNRG primarily stores data in the United States. To facilitate NRG’s global operations, we may transfer and access such information from around the world, including from other countries in which we have operations.Opt-OutAny recipient of email notices may opt out of receiving these communications at any time by contacting us at info@nrgsystems.com with the subject line Email Opt-Out. If you receive email newsletters, you may also follow the Unsubscribe link in the footer of all newsletter emails.   If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us at info@nrgsystems.com with the subject line Privacy Compliance. In addition, European residents who believe any concerns regarding their Data have not been adequately addressed by us may lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of their particular Member State, as defined under GDPR Chapter 6.At any time, a customer may login into the customer’s account to modify or delete the account. NRG Systems reserves the right to change this Terms of Use and Privacy Policy at any time by posting changes on this page. The effective date stated at the top of this Terms of Use and Privacy Policy will be revised in connection with any material updates performed.COOKIE POLICYTo give you an optimal website experience, NRG Systems sometimes places small data files called cookies on your device.WHAT ARE COOKIES?A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer, tablet, or mobile device when you visit. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size, and other display choices) over a period of time, so that you do not have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.HOW DO WE USE COOKIES?NRG uses cookies in the following ways:We use cookies to remember your preferences and on-page behavior so that we are able to offer personalized and helpful content and services. The result is a seamless digital experience that is specifically tailored to your unique needs and interests.
While not essential, we use cookies to analyze how users navigate our website so that we can enhance its performance, while continually improving our relevance and accessibility.
We use session and persistent cookies as well as first and third-party cookies.
We control all cookie-related information, though it may be accessed by NRG via a third-party service provider. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
We will not use cookies for any purpose other than the ones stated in this policy.
Name of Cookie
Purpose
Duration
Google Analytics (Persistent)
Used to understand how users navigate the Web site and for statistics on these actions. The information is transmitted to the server in anonymous form.
2 years
Google Analytics (Session)
Used to establish and continue a user session.
Single Web site session (visit)
Pardot
Used to collect non-personally identifiable information about user activities so that NRG can market more effectively to its audience.
3650-day maximum
Marketing
Used for A/B testing and customizing content.
30 days
Google AdWords
Used to create more targeted advertising based on user behavior on our Site.
30 days
HOW TO CONTROL COOKIESBy using NRG Systems’ Web site, you are consenting to the practices outlined in this Cookie Policy. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a persistent or session cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off such cookies through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. You can also visit aboutcookies.org for more information. If you choose to delete all cookies that are already on your computer, or set your browser to prevent them from being placed, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit our Site and some services and functionalities may not work.DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURESome third-party browsers provide “do not track” machine readable signals for Web sites which are automatically applied by default and therefore do not necessarily reflect our visitor’s choice as to whether they wish to receive advertisements tailored to their interests. As a result, at this time, NRG Systems does not respond to browser “do not track” signals or other similar mechanisms. Visit http://www.networkadvertising.org or http://www.aboutads.info if you wish to learn more about your options to not accept tracking cookies for the purpose of receiving targeted interest-based advertisements. Please note that the-opt out is cookie-based and will only affect the specific computer and browser on which the opt-out is applied.If you have any questions about how we use cookies on our site, contact us at info@nrgsystems.com with the subject line Cookie Policy.DATA SECURITYTo protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. These measures include anti-intrusion hardware and firewalls, virus scans, monitoring Operating System and software logs, applying software patches, and robust back-up systems in the event of a physical or cyber event.Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Data, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet that are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and Data exchanged between you and us through our Web site cannot be guaranteed and we shall have no liability to you or any third party for loss, misuse, disclosure or alteration of such information; and (c) any such information and Data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party.In the unlikely event that we believe the security of your Data in our control may have been compromised, we will try to notify you. To the extent you have provided us with your email address, we may notify you by email and you agree to our use of email as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use another method to notify you in this situation, please contact us at info@nrgsystems.com with the alternative contact information you wish to be used.DATA RETENTIONWe retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so. For example, we retain information in order to provide you with services, to enforce our agreements, and take other actions permitted by law. We may also retain information to prevent re-registration in the event that your account has been suspended or terminated or to create an archival copy of your information, which might be used by us for record keeping and internal purposes.AGE OF CONSENTOur services are directed at a general audience and not directed to those under the age of 16. By using our Site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your country, state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your country, state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use our Site.CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSUnder California Civil Code Section 1798.83, customers living in the State of California can request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Any California resident may choose to opt-out of the sharing of such personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by directing such request to info@nrgsystems.com with the subject line Privacy Compliance.CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you would like to access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information, please contact us by email at:info@nrgsystems.comOr by mail at:NRG Systems ATTN: Marketing Department
110 Riggs Road Hinesburg, Vermont 05461 USA
Careers
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Email Sign-Up