https://www.virtual-oscilloscope.com/privacy-policy/
I process the data that you submit to me or when you visit the website only in accordance with the provisions of the relevant data protection regulations, in particular the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG). I inform you about the nature, extent and purpose of the collection and use of personal data.
1. Responsible and Data Protection Officer
Responsible in terms of art. 5 II GDPR for the offer https://virtual-oscilloscope.com is
Peter Debik MA
Sensburger Allee 27
D-14055 BerlinGermany
Phone +49 (0)30 32 70 18 92
Fax +49 (0)30 32 70 18 91
peter.debik@bitpalast.de
In the privacy statement “I”, “me”, “my”, “mine” means the person in charge “Peter Debik MA”. Any data subject can contact me directly at any time with any questions or suggestions regarding data protection.
The following privacy policy applies only to this website, but not to any linked third-party websites.
2. Subject of Protection
The subject of protection is personal data, that is to say, details of personal or factual circumstances of a specific or identifiable natural person. This includes, in particular, information that allows you to identify your identity (for example, details such as name, postal address, e-mail address, IP address or telephone number).
3. Collecting General Data
With each request the website records various general data and information, which are stored in so-called logfiles (logs) of the server. These data include
Date and time of a transaction
Your ip address
What pages, scripts and graphics you have downloaded
The type and version of your browser
Click-through-paths between pages, scripts and graphics
From what page you came if you have been referred by a link
Parameters that the referring page has transmitted
I need the aforementioned data in order to deliver the content of our website correctly and to ensure the long-term functioning of our information technology systems and the technology of my website. The stored data will only be evaluated for statistical purposes. In principle, this data cannot be assigned to specific persons by me. Personal user profiles cannot be formed. The data will not be merged with other data sources.
The processing of the data is based on art. 6 I lit. b) GDPR. According to this regulation, the processing of personal data is required to fulfill a contract for the use of this website of which you are a party or to carry out pre-contractual measures. In addition, the processing by art. 6 I lit. f) justified because it is in my particular interest and does not outweigh your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. My interest is to deliver our web content properly and in a user-friendly manner.
4. Contact Via the Website
On the website you will find various information for contact (e-mail, fax, telephone). If you contact me, the personal data you provide will be automatically saved. These are regularly the following data:
Your name
Your address
Additional contact information, e.g. phone, fax, email addresses
Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis will be stored for the purpose of processing or contacting. I do not disclose this personal data to third parties.
The legal basis for processing is your consent (art. 6 I a) GDPR) as well as my justified interest (art. 6 I lit. f) GDPR) for processing. The legitimate interest is that I want to continue a conversation you initiated. Insofar as the data, such as payment data, are transmitted for the initiation or execution of a contractual relationship, the legal basis is art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
5. Cookies
The website use “cookies”. “Cookies” are small files on your hard drive that help personalize the site. Most cookies are “session cookies”, i. they are automatically deleted from your computer as soon as you log out. You can refuse the acceptance of these cookies in your browser. This could affect the function of the website. I automatically track some information related to the behavior of users on the site by using cookies and other mechanisms. I use this information for internal evaluations such as demographics, interests and behavior in order to better understand users. This information includes i.e. the referring URL, the URL you are going to, the browser type you are using, and your IP address. Some cookies store a unique number that allows me to recognize you as a returning site visitor.
You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and individually decide on their acceptance or exclude the acceptance of cookies for specific cases or in general. Failure to accept cookies may limit the functionality of my website.
Insofar as the cookies serve the proper delivery of my web offer, the legal basis of the processing is art. 6 I lit. b) GDPR. Incidentally, the processing by art. 6 I lit. f) GDPR justified because the processing is necessary to safeguard my legitimate interests. My legitimate interest lies in the fact that I can tailor my web site specifically to the needs of my users on the one hand, and on the other hand through web analysis, the usage behavior in relation to my website in order to constantly improve my offer.
6. Data erasure and storage duration
The personal data of the data subject will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of the storage is eliminated. The data will be anonymized after 24 hours at the latest and will be deleted within 30 days after collection. However, they will be held legally permissible, as far as permitted by law, until the expiration of civil or criminal limitation periods or tax retention periods for transactions that are or may become legally significant (such as in the case of orders) for the purpose of performing the order and for protection against misuse and criminal offenses (e.g. fraudulent orders). I store the log data only and as long as it is absolutely necessary for the purpose of the order or to protect against misuse and crime. I typically store logs affecting webspace, e-mail inbox, or database usage for up to 30 days.
Personal data sent by email will be deleted or blocked when the conversation with the user ends. The conversation is ended when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the relevant facts have been finally clarified. Any further storage takes place if required or permitted by law. Blocking or deletion of the data also takes place when a storage period prescribed by the standards mentioned expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for conclusion of a contract or fulfillment of the contract.
7. Google Adwords
The site uses the Google Advertising service “Adwords” to insert customzized ad banners and text ads into this website. Adwords is a service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Your IP address, browser type, operating system version and time of retrieval will be known to Google. For more information, see the Google Privacy Policy.
Google privacy policy
The data processing is justified by art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR as it is my legitimate interest to earn money from advertisements on my website.
8. Your rights
Information, Confirmation and Right of Rectification
Upon request, I will inform you free of charge if and what personal information we have stored with us. Likewise I confirm on request if certain data are processed. In addition, I will provide you with information on the purposes of processing, the categories of data processed, the recipients or categories of recipients of the data and, if possible, the planned duration for which the data will be stored or, if that is not possible, the criteria for the determination of this duration, the existence of a right to rectification or deletion of personal data concerning you or for the restriction of our processing or a right to object to processing, the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority.
Unless the personal information is collected from the data subject, I will provide you with all available information about the source of the data, the existence of automated decision-making including profiling, the scope and intended impact of such processing on the data subject. In addition, I will inform you whether your personal information has been transferred to a third country or to an international organization. If this is the case, I will advise you of the appropriate warranties in connection with the transfer.
Right to Rectification
You have the right to demand the correction or completion of incorrect personal data concerning you.
Right to Deletion
You have the right to demand from mit that the personal data concerning you be deleted immediately, if one of the following reasons applies and if the processing is not required
The personal data has been collected for such purposes or otherwise processed for which they are no longer necessary.
You have revoked your consent, to which the processing according to art. 6 I lit. a) GDPR or art. 9 II lit. a) GDPR was supported, and no other legal basis for the processing exist.
You object to the processing in accordance with art. 21 I GDPR and there are no prior justifiable grounds for processing, or you object to the processing according to art. 21 II GDPR.
The personal data were processed unlawfully.
The deletion of personal data is required to fulfill a legal obligation.
The personal data have been recorded in relation to information society services provided in accordance with art. 8 I GDPR.
Right to Restriction of Processing
You may require me to restrict processing if any of the following conditions exist:
The accuracy of your personal information is contested by you for a period of time that enables the person responsible to verify the accuracy of your personal information.
The processing is unlawful, you refuse the deletion of personal data and instead require the restriction of the use of personal data.
I no longer need your personal information for processing purposes, but you need it to assert, exercise or defend your rights.
You object to the processing according art. 21 I GDPR and it is not yet clear whether our legitimate reasons prevail over yours.
Right to Data Transfer
You have the right to receive personal data concerning you, that I process by means of automated procedures based on your consent (art. 6 I letter a) or art. 9 II lit. a) GDPR) or on the basis of a contract (art.6 I letter b) GDPR), in a structured, common and machine-readable format. These data may be transmitted to another person or transmitted by me, as far as this is technically feasible and if this does not affect the rights and freedoms of other persons.
Right to Object
For reasons arising out of your particular situation, you may at any time object to the processing of personal data relating to you, which takes place on the basis of art. 6 I lit. e) or f) GDPR.
Upon receipt of your objection, I will no longer process the relevant personal data, unless I can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or if the processing is to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
You can object to the processing of your data for the purpose of direct mail at any time. In this case, I will no longer process the personal data for these purposes. This also applies to the profiling, as far as it is associated with such direct mail.
Right to Revoke a Data Protection Consent
You may revoke your consent to processing personal data at any time without giving reasons.
9. Asserting Your Rights
The rights to which you are entitled can be claimed directly from us or our data protection officer.
10. Right of Appeal to a Supervisory Authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of personal data concerning you is contrary to data protection. The regulator that files the complaint will notify you of the status and outcome of your complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy.
More information and information on the right to file access can be found on the website of the Brandenburg State Commissioner for Data Protection and the website of the Berlin State Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information.
Brandenburg State Commissioner for Data Protection
Berlin State Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information
11. Security
To protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorized persons, I implement technical and organizational security measures according to art. 32 GDPR. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments. Access to them is only possible for a small number of authorized persons and persons subject to special data protection who are involved in the technical, administrative or editorial support of data.
12. No Automated Decision-Making / Profiling
We refrain from automatic decision-making or profiling.
Last updated 8/2018 revision b
By using this website you agree with the privacy policy and the usage of cookies.
Privacy PolicyOkay, thanks