https://www.osi.ie/services/data-quality-policy-and-submission-form/
Menu
About
OSi Board of Directors
OSi Senior Management Team
Mandate and Strategy statement
OSi Customer Charter
Key Documents
Future Developments
Quality and Standards
History
OSi Positional Accuracy
Careers
Freedom of Information (FOI)
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ’s)
Role of GI in Business and Industry
Access to Information on the Environment
Legal
Open Data
Privacy Statement
Website Terms of Use
Tailte Éireann
FOI – Publication Scheme
FOI Disclosure Log
Products
Tourist & Leisure
Professional Mapping
Adventure Series
Services
GeoHive
Geodetic Services
MapGenie
Map Agents
Advisory Services
Copyright
Interactive Mapping Providers
Partners
Customer Service
National Mapping Agreement
Data Quality Policy and Submission form
Resources
Web Coordinate Converter
Creating Ireland in Minecraft
Large Scale legend
Capture Resolution Statement
Geodetic Services
Active GNSS Data
Passive GNSS Data
Downloads
Publications and Papers
Geodetic Publications
Price Lists
Licencing Information
OSi Products
Utilities Seminars
ISDI Metadata Profile
Migrating to ITM
Reference Information
Irish Grid Reference System
GNSS Reference Systems
Eurogeographics
Education
GIS Explained
Benefits of GIS
Uses of GIS
GIS Case Studies in the Private Sector
GIS Case Studies in the Public Sector
Reference Information
GNSS Reference Systems
Linked Data and Semantic Web Technologies
Schools
Primary Schools
Secondary Schools
Third Level and Academic
Scoilnet
Map Reading
How to Use a Map and Compass
How to Use Map Scales and Grids
Safety in the Outdoors
Maps and Heritage
R&D with OSi Data
MapGenie and 3rd Level
You are here: HomeServicesData Quality Policy and Submission form
Ordnance Survey Ireland (OSI) is the national mapping agency of Ireland. It is the State Agency responsible for the official, definitive surveying and topographic mapping of the Republic of Ireland. As this mapping is topographic, it only represents the physical features on the ground at the time of survey.
OSI maps never indicate legal property boundaries, nor do they show ownership of physical features. Although some property boundaries may be coincident with surveyed map features, no assumptions should be made in these instances and consequently it is not possible to identify the position of a legal property boundary from an OSI map.
OSI welcomes all customer feedback about the content and accuracy of our mapping. There can be a delay between changes taking place on the ground and when we are able to capture them within our continuous mapping revision programme. Any issues relating to the content or accuracy of our mapping that fall within our specification will normally be investigated at the earliest possible opportunity.
The Data Quality Policy submission form below must be completed and submitted before your query can be dealt with.
Please fill in the details required below or download an Editable PDF version, fill in the details there and send into us at the address in the footer:
If you are human, leave this field blank.Data Quality Submission Form1. CONTACT DETAILSContact Name *Contact Phone Number *Contact Email *Contact Phone number to facilitate possible site visit should it be required:
*Eircode if known 2. LOCATION OF MAP ISSUEWhere is the location in question? *Drop a point and paste link here 3. DETAILS OF MAPVIEWER ISSUEPlease answer the questions below, giving as much detail as possible about the missing or incorrectly represented map feature.Please indicate in what OSI product or MapViewer did you see this issue? *What type of map feature is it?BuildingRoadFenceOtherIf other was selected in the above list, please specifyIs the feature missing or incorrectly represented on the map?MissingIncorrectly representedIf incorrectly represented is selected please specify the followingDescription and measurement of discrepancy *Discrepancy capture methodScale and date of survey if applicable
*Contact details for surveyor if applicableAdditional Comments File Upload - Please upload any file that would be of assistance in dealing with your queryPlease tick the box below to receive marketing emails from us.Yes, you may send me emails occasionally about OSi products and services.Submit
Home
About
News
Email Customer Service
Contact Us
Online Store
Blog
English
Gaeilge (Irish)
Review our Annual Reports.
OSi has a rich history.
We are committed to our customer needs.
Meet our Board of Directors.
Signup to our Newsletter
Tourist & Leisure
Professional Mapping
Adventure Series
All Products >
Geodetic Services
MapGenie
Advisory Services
Copyright
Interactive Mapping Providers
Partners
Map Agents
All Services >
Ordnance Survey Ireland
Phoenix Park,
Dublin 8.
Eircode D08 F6E4
Call: +353-1-802-5300
Mon-Fri 9am to 4.45pm
Email Customer Services
Data Quality Submission Form
Contact Us >
Back to Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Read More Accept Reject Privacy & Cookies Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled