http://www.westat.com/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Projects
About Us
About Westat
Leadership
Senior Statistical Fellows
Publications
Affiliations & Memberships
Social Responsibility
Contact Us
News & Events
For Clients & Partners
Contract Vehicles
Supplier Diversity Program
Ask About Our Clinical Trials Services
Register Your Clinical Facility
For Research Participants
Participation in Studies or Surveys
Participación en estudios o encuestas
Markets
Federal
State & Local
Other Markets
Accessibility
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Overview
The following terms and conditions shall govern the information, materials, and services to customers provided by Westat, Inc. (“Westat”) from this web site (the “Site”).
Westat is an employee-owned corporation providing expertise in statistical survey research, custom research, and program evaluation studies across a broad range of subject areas. Westat has created this web site to provide information about our company and services.
By using this Site, you acknowledge that you understand these Terms & Conditions, and that you accept them and agree to be legally bound by them. You should not use this Site if you have any objections to any of these Terms & Conditions.
Westat may revise these Terms & Conditions over time as new features are added to the Site or as Internet law and standards evolve. We will post those changes prominently, but we recommend that you read these Terms & Conditions each time you visit the Site.
Privacy
Westat respects the privacy of every individual who visits our Site. Please read our Privacy Policy.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liabilities and Warranties
WESTAT SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES THAT MAY RESULT FROM VISITING THE SITE. BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. WESTAT MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO ANY INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDED FROM THE SITE.
Intellectual Property—Limitation of Liability
Westat respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask visitors to the Site to do the same. If you believe that your work has been used in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, the following information in the form of a written notification (pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) must be provided to Westat’s designated Copyright Agent:
Identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim has been infringed;
Identification of where the material that you claim to be infringing is located on the Site;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the disputed material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner of an exclusive copyright that is allegedly infringed or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf;
Your address, telephone number, and email address; and
Your physical or electronic signature.
Westat’s designated agent for notification of claims of copyright (and trademark or service mark) infringement on the Site is David A. Reesman, Esq., who can be reached as follows:
Westat
1600 Research Boulevard
Rockville, MD 20850-3129
Telephone: (301) 251-1500
Fax: (301) 610-4820
Email: davidreesman@westat.com
Copyright and Permissions
You may make single copies of material displayed on the Site for your own personal and noncommercial use, provided all copies include the copyright and other notices displayed with the materials on the Site. No claim is made to government works.
You may not download, transmit, copy, or otherwise make available any material from the Site, including any text or images, for public or commercial use, without Westat’s prior written permission; you also may not distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, publish, license, modify, rewrite, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any material contained on the Westat Site without our prior written permission.
None of the material contained on the Site (including all software, HTML code, and other code) may be reverse-engineered, disassembled, decompiled, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system, translated into any language or computer language, retransmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photo-reproduction, recordation, or otherwise), resold, or redistributed without the prior written permission of Westat.
Except as otherwise noted, all content of the Westat Site is:
Copyright © 2020 Westat, Inc.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Westat has adopted a policy of terminating services to users who willfully and/or repeatedly infringe. You may not remove or alter any of Westat’s copyright management information, including without limitation the title, the author’s name, and/or the copyright notice. Any such removal or alteration would be in violation of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act 17 U.S.C. § 1202(b).
For further information regarding permission to use material or data, please contact the webmaster.
Trademarks
You agree not to display or otherwise use any of the registered or unregistered trademarks, service marks, or logos (collectively the “Trademarks”) of Westat or others, including the marks and logos that are displayed on this Site, in any manner without prior written permission. Nothing contained in this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of Westat or such third party that may own the particular Trademark displayed on the Site. Your use of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Terms & Conditions, is expressly prohibited.
Use of Stock Photos
Stock photos used on this Site may feature models and are for illustrative purposes only. Westat has secured the rights to use the stock photos; these images are not in the public domain and may not be used by others. The context in which the photographs are used on this Site is not intended to reflect personally on any of the models shown in the photographs. Westat assumes no liability for any consequence relating directly or indirectly to the use of the photographs showing the models on this Site.
Applicable Laws and Jurisdictional Issues
This Site shall be governed by the laws of the United States, including copyright and trademark laws, and the laws of the State of Maryland without giving effect to any conflicts of laws or choice of laws principles. You consent to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts presiding in the State of Maryland and you agree to accept service of process by mail. You hereby waive any and all jurisdictional and venue defenses that might otherwise be available.
Headings
The headings of each of these Terms & Conditions are for convenience of reference only. Such headings shall be ignored in the interpretation or construction of any of these Terms & Conditions.
No Assignment
You may not assign your rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Westat.
Invalidity of Provisions
In the event that any portion of these Terms & Conditions is held to be unenforceable, the unenforceable portion shall be construed in accordance with applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intention and the remainder of the provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
No Waiver
Westat’s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms & Conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.
Complete Understanding
These Terms & Conditions constitute the entire understanding between Westat and you with respect to ordering products or services from the Site.
By using the site you signify your assent to these Terms & Conditions and any subsequent modifications. As a condition of your use of the site, you warrant that you will not use the site for any purpose that is unlawful.
Last Updated: January 7, 2020
Want to work with us?You’ll be in great company.
About Us
Careers
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services
Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration
The National Institutes of Health
AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety
The Johns Hopkins University
University of Maryland Baltimore Campus
University of Denver
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs
U.S. Department of Transportation
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
U.S. Department of Education
U.S. Department of Agriculture
Toyota
The Verizon Foundation
Texas Education Agency
Baltimore Metropolitan Council
Teach for America
Social Security Administration
SiriusXM
Robert Wood Johnson Foundation
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
NYC Mayor’s Office for Economic Opportunity
National Science Foundation
Michigan Department of Health and Human Services
Maryland Cancer Registry
Internal Revenue Service
Georgia Department of Transportation
DC Public Schools
ClearWay Minnesota
Chicago Metropolitan Agency for Planning
University of Michigan
Explore Our Clients
Please wait...
Westat is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status, genetic information, gender identity or expression, or any other protected status under applicable law. Notices to Employees & Applicants.