http://www.imslaboratory.com/privacy/
Information Collection:
Personal information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, email address, a home, postal or other physical address, other contact information, title, birth date, gender, occupation, industry, personal interests, other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
When you browse our website, you do so anonymously. We do not collect personal information, including your email address. We do log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which part of our website you visit and how long you spend there. But we do not link your IP address to any personal information. Like many other commercial websites, the IMS website may use a standard technology called a “cookie” to collect information about how you use the site. Please go to “Cookies and Tracking Information” below for more information.
IMS collects personal information when you register with IMS for an IMS account, when you use certain IMS products or services, when you register to attend a seminar or participate in an online survey, when you ask to be included in an email or other mailing list, or you submit an entry for a sweepstakes or other promotions, or when you submit your information to IMS for any other reason. From time to time, IMS receives personal information from business partners and vendors. IMS only uses such information if it has been collected in accordance with acceptable privacy practices consistent with this Policy and applicable laws.
Access to certain IMS web pages may require a login and a password. The use of those web pages, and the information or programs downloadable from those sites, may be governed by a written agreement between you and IMS. Your personal information may be retained by IMS to verify compliance with the agreement, log software licenses granted, to track software downloaded from those pages, or track usage of other applications available on those pages.
Notice:
When personal information is collected, we will inform you at the point of collection the purpose for the collection. IMS does not intend to transfer your personal information to third parties without your consent, except under the limited conditions described under the discussion entitled “Information Sharing and Disclosure” below.
If you choose to provide us with your personal information, we may transfer that information, within IMS or to IMS’s third party service providers, including across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
We will always give you the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving direct marketing or market research information. This means we assume you have given us your consent to collect and use your information in accordance with this Policy unless you take affirmative action to indicate that you do not consent. In some cases, when applicable, we will provide you with the opportunity to “opt in.” This means we will require your affirmative action to indicate your consent before we use your information for purposes other than the purpose for which it was submitted.
Cookies and Tracking Technology:
A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you’ve visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Some parts of IMS’s website may use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of our website information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information.
If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser, although you may not be able to take full advantage of IMS’s website if you do so. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use/navigate through many parts of our website.
How We Use Information Collected:
IMS uses information for several general purposes: 1) to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, 2) to personalize your experience on our website, 3) to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, special offers or other information we think you’d like to hear about either from us or from our business partners, and 4) to better understand your needs and provide you with better services. We may also use your information to send you, or to have our business partners send you, direct marketing information or contact you for market research.
Information and Sharing Disclosure:
Your personal information may be shared with other IMS offices. All such entities are governed by this Privacy Policy and/or are bound by the appropriate confidentiality and data transfer agreements.
Your personal information is never shared outside IMS without your permission, except under conditions explained below. Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where IMS, its subsidiaries, affiliates or agents are located.
IMS may send your personal information to other companies or people under any of the following circumstances: 1) when we have your consent to share the information; 2) we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested; 3) we need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of IMS to provide a product or service to you (we will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose); or 4) we want to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers or other information we think you’d like to hear about either from us or from our business partners. We will also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, to enforce our Terms of Use, or in urgent circumstances, to protect personal safety, the public or our websites.
Share this:TwitterFacebook
OFFICIAL Laboratory for The National Association of Mold Professionals
Testimonials
DownloadableLab Forms
Mold Testing Resources
Privacy Statement IMS Laboratory, LLC ("IMS") respects your privacy and is committed to protect the personal information that you share with us. Generally, you can browse through our website without giving us any information about yourself. When we do need your personal information to provide services that you request or when you choose to provide us with your personal information, this policy describes how we collect and use your personal information.
Lab ID # 172958License # LAB1048TESTINGNVLAP Lab Code: 201036-0
ABOUT USSERVICESCONTACT USMEMBER LOGIN