http://www.peptidesynthetics.co.uk/privacy.php
Skip to
content,
main navigation, or
sitemap.
Peptide Mass Calculator
Main navigation:
Home
Peptide Synthesis Service
FAQs
Delivery
Publications
Jobs
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
PPR Ltd are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and website visitors
This page presents any privacy issues in the collection of personally identifiable information from our website (www.peptidesynthetics.co.uk) users.
Our information management procedures have been prepared to comply with
the Data Protection Act 1998. We also monitor the current advice from the Information
Commissioner, such that guidelines are subject to change without notification.
Any changes will be presented on this page.
This website, and how we use your data.
How we use your data
When personally identifying information is collected on this website it is
used only by PPR Ltd for the purpose described at the point of collection.
Who else can see my data?
We do not share your information with any third party, or any companies related to PPR Ltd.
We make every effort to protect your data from unauthorised access.
Cookies
Cookies may be used on this website purely for technical website administration: no
personally identifying information is stored within them.
We do not use third-party cookies.
Voluntary Information
We may ask for information about using our online feedback forms. This information will
be used to enable us to improve our website or online service.
Security
Your personal data will be passed by e-mail from the website to our internal network.
Our network is protected from unauthorised access by the latest security measures.
Notes
The Information Commissioner's office have a website offering advice on data protection issues and the Data Protection Act 1998:
ico.org.uk.
Questions regarding our privacy policy can be directed to our webmaster — contact details
Brochure download
A one-page flier summarising our services
is available for you to
download and print.
View our flier PDF, 41KB
End of page.
Back to content or main menu.
Site map |
Privacy policy |
Jobs |
Terms and conditions of order
Copyright Peptide Protein Research Ltd.
© 2017.
website by Dominic Winsor