http://www.tc.columbia.edu/policylibrary/general-counsel-/legal-notices/
Legal Notices
Skip to content
Skip to main navigation
Teachers College Policy Library
myTC
Search
Menu
HomePolicies
Policy and Form LibraryLegal Notices
Legal Notices
Owner: General Counsel
Non Discrimination
Continuing its long-standing policy to support active equality for all persons, Teachers College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, disability, pregnancy, gender expression or any other criterion specified by federal, state or local laws, in the administration of its admissions, employment and educational policies or scholarship, loan, athletic and other school-administered programs. Rather, Teachers College affirms that it admits students and selects employees regardless of their race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, disability, pregnancy, gender expression or any other criterion specified by federal, state or local laws and thereafter accords them all the rights and privileges generally made available to students or employees at the school.
Students with concerns about the application of civil rights laws (including Title IX, the Americans with Disabilities Act, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act, and the Age Discrimination Act) may wish to speak with
Vice Provost Katie Embree, 113 Zankel, (212) 678-3991
Vice President for Diversity and Community Affairs Janice Robinson, 128 Zankel, (212) 678-3391
Executive Director for Equity and Section 504 Compliance Officer, Melissa Rooker, 128 Zankel, (212) 678-7508 or
Ombuds Officer Steven Peverly,531A Thndk, (212) 678-4169.
Students with Title IX concerns may also contact the Ombuds for Gender-Based Misconduct, Riddhi Sandil, 325 Horace Mann, (212) 678-4016.
Faculty and staff
Faculty and staff with concerns about the application of civil rights laws (including the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (Title VII), the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Title IX, the Americans with Disabilities Act, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act, and the Age Discrimination Act) may wish to speak with
Associate Vice President for Human Resources Randy Glazer, 120 Whittier Hall, (212) 678-3175
Vice Provost Katie Embree, 113 Zankel, (212) 678-3991
Vice President for Diversity and Community Affairs Janice Robinson, 128 Zankel, (212) 678-3391
Executive Director for Equity and Section 504 Compliance Officer, Melissa Rooker, 128 Zankel, (212) 678-7508  or
Ombuds Officer Erwin Flaxman, 280 Grace Dodge, (212) 678-4169.
Faculty and staff with Title IX concerns may also contact the Ombuds for Gender-Based Misconduct, Riddhi Sandil, 325 Horace Mann, (212) 678-4016.
Individuals with disabilities
Individuals with disabilities who seek reasonable accommodations or information concerning accommodations should contact the Office of Access and Services for Individuals with Disabilities (OASID), 301 Zankel, oasid@tc.edu, (212) 678-3689
Title IX
Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 protects people from sex discrimination in educational programs and activities at institutions that receive federal financial assistance. Questions regarding Title IX may be referred to the TC Title IX Coordinator, Janice Robinson, at (212)-678-3391 or JRobinson@tc.columbia.edu.   Individuals who wish to seek assistance outside of the College community may contact the U.S. Department of Education, Office for Civil Rights, (New York Office), (646) 428-3900, OCR.NewYork@ed.gov.
Annual Safety Report
Teachers College prepares an Annual Campus Security and Fire Safety Report which contains important information for the TC community and is prepared in accordance with the Campus Security Act (Clery Act), as amended by the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA), and New York State Education Law Articles 129A and 129B. The current version is available at: www.tc.edu/policylibrary/CampusSecurityReport.
Consumer Information for Students
Consistent with the Higher Education Opportunity Act and other federal and state laws, Teachers College provides consumer information to its students.  Links to relevant policies and information are available at http://www.tc.edu/office-of-student-affairs/consumer-information.
Policies
Current versions of significant College policies and procedures are kept in the Policy Library, www.tc.edu/policy-library.  While most policies are available to all, some are accessible only to relevant community groups.
Disclaimers
Information on Teachers College web pages is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Teachers College will not be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation any special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, even if the College has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
This website may inadvertently contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. Teachers College reserves the right to make changes to the programs and policies described on its website at any time without notice. Teachers College assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions on its website or in documents that are referenced by or linked to this website.
Responsibility for the content of personal home pages resides solely with the author(s). The views and opinions expressed on student and faculty personal pages are the views and opinions of the authors and do not represent the views of Teachers College. Teachers College does not impose any restraints on, nor make any effort to monitor the content of, communications other than those imposed by applicable Federal, State or local laws, including laws regarding the right to privacy and laws which prohibit defamatory material. Teachers College can accept no responsibility for the content of personal web pages.
Privacy
http://www.tc.columbia.edu/policylibrary/general-counsel-/privacy-policy/
Cookie Notice
http://www.tc.columbia.edu/policylibrary/general-counsel-/cookie-notice/
Copyright Notice
All graphics, photographs and text appearing on the College home page and subsequent web pages are protected by copyright. Redistribution or commercial use is prohibited without express written permission.  See: www.tc.edu/policylibrary/intellectual-property.
For more information about use of College graphics, photographs and text, contact of the Office of External Affairs, ExternalAffairs@tc.columbia.edu.
Copyright Infringement (Digital Millenium Copyright Act)
To report alleged electronic copyright infringements originating at Teachers College, please notify:
George Schuessler Director of Academic Computing Teachers College, Columbia University
525 West 120th Street, Campus Box 43 New York, NY 10027
Dr. Schuessler is the agent designated under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
All infringement claims must include the following:
a physical or electronic signature;
identification of the infringed work;
identification of the infringed material;
contact information for the complaint, e.g. address, telephone number, electronic mail address;
a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner or the law;
a statement that the information contained in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Logos, Photography & Licensed University Marks
Logos and graphics relating to the College are registered and are subject to licensing agreements. If you have questions about legal use of these items or are interested in using or obtaining images, contact the Office of External Affairs (ExternalAffairs@tc.columbia.edu).
Developing and Adding Pages to www.tc.columbia.edu
To develop pages for the Teachers College web site, start by consulting the college's Web Reference site, http://www.tc.columbia.edu/webref. All websites developed for the College should be hosted in the college Content Management System and adhere to the college's specific branding and content standards. Teachers College requires that all web sites and pages makes all efforts to meet current Web accessibility standards in order to allow Web content and assistive technologies to convey appropriate information to persons with disabilities. In cases where a site must be hosted outside the college's content management system, please contact the Office of the Web at 212-678-3118 or pa117@tc.columbia.edu to discuss your site-specific needs.
Questions & Comments?
Please visit: http://www.tc.columbia.edu/contact-us
Responsible Office: General Counsel
Effective Date:
Last Updated: July 2016