http://www.aircleansystems.com/about/legal
Products
What Are You Looking For Today?
All Products
All Categories
Operator Protection
Process Protection
Total Protection
Ductless Fume Hoods
Laminar Flow Hoods
PCR Workstations
Application Solutions
Total Exhaust
Powder Containment
Forensic Containment
Medical Containment
Equipment Containment
Free-Standing Enclosures
Custom Enclosures
Clearance Items
Accessories
Innovation
News
Resources
Request Pricing
Request a Product Catalog
Contact Us
4 Benefits of Ductless Hoods
USP <800>
Application Worksheet
Warranty Registration
Replacement Filters
Service Request
About
About Us
Contact Us
Customer Testimonials
Tradeshow Schedule
Terms of Use
Log in
Search
Get Quote
Home - Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Legal Disclaimer
No material from this web site may be used, reproduced or copied in whole or in part without prior written permission from AirClean® Systems. All Rights Reserved Worldwide. Illustrations, specifications and descriptions are subject to change without notice at the discretion of the manufacturer, AirClean® Systems. Misuse of an AirClean® Systems product voids all expressed or implied warranties.
The use of companies registered trade names are provided for informational purposes only. Endorsement of these companies’ products by AirClean® Systems or their endorsement of AirClean® Systems is neither given nor implied.
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting this AirClean Systems website. To better serve you, we may collect certain pieces of data related to your activity on the site, or during the use of quote request forms, catalog requests and other website contact forms. At no time is any data personally identified to you unless you choose to make that data known via a contact form
What data does AirClean® Systems collect via its websites?
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What is done with the information gathered?
We require this information to understand your needs, provide you with better service, and in particular, for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
If we have your contact information on file, you may unsubscribe at any time here.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests
We may provide your information to other AMT Group companies for marketing or promotional purposes
Is this information secure?
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Does AirClean® Systems use cookies?
Yes, AirClean Systems uses traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites, as such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
North America
2179 East Lyon Station Road Creedmoor, NC 27522 United States
Phone: 919-255-3220
Toll Free: 800-849-0472
Fax: 919-528-0015
Sales — sales[@]aircleansystems.com
Service — service[@]aircleansystems.com
Filter Replacements — filters[@]aircleansystems.com
Australia
Unit 15, 69 Acacia Road Ferntree Gully, VIC 3156 Australia
Phone: 1300-780-052