https://www.peopleintelligence.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Copyright © Successful People Intelligence
Privacy Policy With Effect 1 January 2009, last revised May 2018
Table Of Contents
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Cookies
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. This notice explains our online information practices and how you can choose the way your information is collected and used. We have made this notice available at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Back to Top
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this website. On some pages, you may be able order products, make requests, or register to receive materials or information. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Company
Address
Email address
Phone number
IP Address
The Information We DON’T Collect:
Credit/Debit Card Information
Bank account details
Back to Top
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to tailor their operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
We use session cookies to determine whether or not you are logged in to our website and what resources you can access. Session cookies expire after a set period of inactivity (usually one hour) or when your browser session ends.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Back to Top
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order or making an enquiry only to complete that order or to answer that enquiry. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order or to answer that enquiry.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive updates on People Intelligence resources. When you register, we ask for your name and a valid email address. We will only send updates if you register. You can unsubscribe from updates whenever you wish by using the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of each update we send. We will not pass on your name or email address to anyone else.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Back to Top
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Back to Top
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under the age of 16, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under the age of 16.
Back to Top
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by calling us or sending us an email.. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Back to Top
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us.
Back to Top
info@peopleintelligence.com
07906 321 605
©2020 Successful People IntelligenceNo content may be distributed
without written permission
Explore
Contact
Products & Tools
Coaching
About
Blog
Log In
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Resilience
Follow us
Email Us
Twitter
Pinterest
Linked In
Click here to sign up for updates
Making things better - for myself
30 days of self compassion
https://people-intelligence.mykajabi.com/pl/234753
It’s an online programme where you receive an email reminder each day with the link to your personalised page and the next self compassion practice.
Please feel free to share with anyone (friends, family, colleagues, teams).
NB Although the platform has ‘sales page’ in its links, it’s really a sign up page. There is no cost involved unless you want to contribute a donation to YoungMinds charity.
CLOSE
People Intelligence Updates
If you’d like to receive People Intelligence updates on (free) resources, events, online training, and work in progress, please subscribe below.
Email Address
Submit
We only send occasional updates and never share your information with third parties. You can unsubscribe any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our messages. You can find a link to our privacy policy here and at the bottom of each page
CLOSE
Menu
HomeAboutCoachingProducts & ToolsBlogContact