https://www.magmedix.com/privacy-policy/
Your Source for MRI Products
Home
»
Magmedix Privacy Policy
Magmedix Inc Privacy Policy
Magmedix, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. You may choose to give us personal information, such as your name, mailing information, and/or e-mail that may be needed, for example, to correspond with you, to process an order, or to provide you with a subscription. The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. If you tell us that you do not want us to use this information as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. This site contains links to other sites. Magmedix is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information: We hire other companies such as UPS. Fed Ex and the USPS as well as others to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases and sending postal mail. We will only provide those companies with what they need to provide the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other service.
Children's Guidelines: While none of Magmedix' web sites publish content which are directed toward children, we are committed to comply with applicable laws and requirements, such as the United States' Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
Magmedix DOES NOT-
Collect online contact information without prior parental consent or parental notification, which will include an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity. Without prior parental consent, online information will only be used to respond directly to the child's request and will not be used for other purposes without prior parental consent
Collect personally identifiable offline contact information without prior parental consent
Distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information without prior parental consent
Give the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information without prior parental consent
Entice by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity, to divulge more information than is needed to participate in the activity
Choice/Opt-Out: Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications. This site gives users the following option for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service:
You can send email to info@magmedix.com
Correct/Update: This site gives users the following option for changing and modifying information previously provided:
E-mail info@magmedix.com
Contacting the Web Site: If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Customer Service
Magmedix, Inc.
160 Autority Drive
Fitchburg, MA 01420
978.343.9611
This privacy policy sets out how Magmedix Inc uses and protects any information
that you give Magmedix Inc when you use this website.
Magmedix Inc is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website,
then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Magmedix Inc may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service,
and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we
think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.
We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website
according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure,
we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure
the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive.
Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit
a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application
can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about
your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic
and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical
analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful
and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you,
other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting
to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links
to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst
visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate
that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes,
you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at
eric@magmedix.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission
or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information
about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.
A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to
160 Authority Drive
Fitchburg, MA 01420.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete,
please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address.
We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Company
Company Profile
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Quick Links
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Account
My Account
Orders and Returns
Copyright Copyright © 2018 Magmedix Inc. All Rights Reserved.
[profiler]Memory usage: real: 8388608, emalloc: 6176576Code ProfilerTimeCntEmallocRealMem