https://www.scm.com/privacy-policy/
Functional cookies
We use functional cookies to deliver the best website experience in terms of fonts, downloads and other functionality.
Browsing privacy: masked/anonymized IP addresses
Currently general data of each visitor to our web site are tracked, employing masked (anonymized) IP addresses, with the main purpose to optimize the content of our Web pages. Google Analytics further protects website tracking transactions with Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and does not provide identifiable information about your site usage. Google Analytics offers an opt-out Browser add-on: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We may use third-party tracking cookies to deliver more tailored information to you, including remarketing. If you are not OK with this, opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Managing Cookies and Data Collection
To manage cookies, you can go to the orange tab in the bottom of your screen or click here to change your cookie-preferences. Select whether to accept all cookies or no cookies, or to save cookies only from sites you know and trust. Keep in mind that if you delete or opt-out of cookies, your online experience will be less user-friendly, as you may not be able to access certain areas or features of the website will not be as customized to your specific interests, and you may not be able to access certain areas or features of the SCM website.
Information and trial requests
We also collect information volunteered by the visitor on registration and ‘request for information’ forms, either on-line or off-line (e.g. at conferences and trade shows). This information is used to provide service to the visitor and for marketing purposes. We collect contact information for users of our products in order to provide access to additional support material and to provide notification of product upgrades and related products. In order to service you better, the contact information that you provide us with, may be shared with our reseller in your area, unless you request us not to do so. This contact information is NOT provided to other parties.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events, according to your subscriptions to our release announcements and/or newsletters. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us regarding information they have requested on-line. They also may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. This contact information is also NOT provided to other parties.
If you do not wish to receive such e-mails, postal mailers, or telephone calls, please notify us.
If you would like to have all your contact details removed or transferred, please notify us by email.