https://www.buriedvillage.co.nz/privacy
home
connect
blog
contact
about
Living History
How did the Buried Village become? What happened to the people of Te Wairoa? Find out with our exclusive stories, and interactive timeline.
See & Do
Make sure you experience what we have on offer. From the museum, archaeological site, waterfall trail, to the kids’ activities; there is something on offer to cater for all ages.
Plan your Visit
First time to Te Wairoa? Find out our location, what to bring, features, and all you need to know right here.
Book Now
Prices
Contact us
Opening Hours
Menu
Privacy
The Internet offers the chance to collect information site users. This information can be personally identifiable information or aggregated information. This Privacy Policy tells you what information we collect, what we do with it and your rights to correct or change it.
At Buried Village, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We firmly believe that electronic security and privacy are necessary for the continued success of the Internet. In support of this, we only use the personal information that you provide to create a more personalized and entertaining experience for you, in accordance with the terms outlined below.
The Office of the Privacy Commissioner (http://www.privacy.org.nz) provides further details of the New Zealand Privacy Act and how it protects personal information in New Zealand.
What information do we collect?
We collect personally identifiable information. Providing this information will always be optional for you. However, some services may not be available to you if you chose not to provide it.
From time to time, we may run contests or other promotions. If you participate, we may request your name, mailing address, email address and other information in order to administer the promotion. When you submit a request, review or comment to our customer service department, we may ask you for your email address.
We also collect aggregated data. This information is generated by our systems as they track traffic through our sites. This information does not identify you personally and is not linked to the personally identifiable information that you may have provided.
Who do we share this information with?
We will not share the information that we collect with any third parties. The information may be hosted with a service provider. Our agreements with them protect the information that we collect from any use by them that we have not authorised.
The aggregated data (not the personally identifiable information) may be shared with third parties such as advertisers or business partners.
How do we use the information?
When you register, complete a form or participate in any contest or promotion on our website, we will use the information you provided to us to send you email or regular mail from us regarding products, services or other contests and promotions that we think may be of interest to you.
We may use the data to verify your identity if you need help with a forgotten password, or you are having logon difficulties with any of our site services.
From time to time we may aggregate your information analyse trends, preferences, and demographics.
We may use the information for other purposes with your prior permission.
How do we use "cookies"?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies do not contain personally identifying information. It does provide details of your IP address, the computer platform that you use (eg Mac or Windows), the browser that you use (eg Microsoft Explorer or Netscape) and what domain you are accessing our sites from. With this information we can do the following:
Track traffic patterns to our site.
Ensure that the most relevant content is being shown.
Allow you to enter certain site member services without having to log in each time you visit.
Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies; you can usually change your browser settings to refuse cookies. You will still be able to visit our sites with cookies disabled.
Google Advertising
We may use cookies to collect data for Google remarketing purposes for online advertising. We make every effort to abide by all Google Adveritsing policies:
Third-party vendors, including Google, may show our ads across other sites on the Internet.
Cookies stored by your browser may be used by third-party vendors, including Google, to show you ads based on your previous website activity, including visits to our website
What our advertisers and business partners?
This Privacy Policy only relates to our site. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the practices of our advertisers or business partners. Our site may contain links to other sites. You should check their privacy policies before providing personally identifiable information to them or any other third party.
Opting in and opting out
You will always have the option to opt in to certain services and to opt out of those services at any stage. This means you may change your mind at any stage participating in any of our member services.
Can we change this policy?
In order to reflect the fact that our business is growing constantly, we reserve the right to change this policy at any time.
Your right to access your information
The New Zealand Privacy Act of 1993 gives you the right to access and correct this information.
Contact Us
If you have any questions this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with Buried Village, you can contact us.
Connect
Blog
Contact
About
Our Friends
Trade & Media
Education Resources
Domestic Visitors
Tarawera the Region
Connect with Us
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
Tripadvisor
Blog
Email
Living History
Timeline
New Zealand's Greatest Natural Disaster
Pink and White Terraces
The House with the golden eyes
Smithy's Story
See and Do
Museum of Te Wairoa
Archaeological Site
Waterfall and trails
Kids activities
Ways to take the tour
Plan Your Visit
First-time Visitors
Getting here
Smith & Co
Gift Store
Action for Children
Disability Access
FAQ's
Prices and Bookings
General Prices
Schools & Groups
Heritage Cards
Make A Booking
Search Site
Copyright © 2014 - 2020 Buried Village. All rights reserved | Sitemap | Privacy | Website Design by MOCA
Back to Top