https://www.ndsu.edu/privacy
Skip to main navigation
Skip to page content
The North Dakota State University (NDSU) Information Technology Division is committed to honoring and respecting the privacy of all those who visit the NDSU website to the extent permitted by law and NDSU policy. This online privacy statement is intended to inform you of what information is collected by this website and how the information is used.Please note that NDSU websites not administered by the Information Technology Division may adopt different privacy practices as their specific needs require.For security purposes and to ensure that the website remains available to all users, the NDSU Information Technology Division monitors network traffic to identify attempts to compromise or damage university networks or systems connected to those networks.NDSU collects and analyzes aggregate data about visitor traffic to determine trends and improve the NDSU website. The data collected may include, but is not limited to:Domain and countryInternet protocol (IP) addressInternet browserOperating systemEntrance and exit pages, and referralsDate and timeSearch terms and search enginesCookies used to preserve dataThis is a standard practice for websites, and it is used to evaluate how NDSU can design the website to best serve customer needs. In some cases, a third party may have been authorized to collect some of this same information and provide reporting for marketing purposes.The NDSU Information Technology Division has implemented physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, ultimately to assist in maintaining data security and ensure appropriate use of the information we collect online.NDSU does not collect personal information such as name or address unless you voluntarily provide it by sending email, participating in a survey or completing an online form. NDSU does not share or sell personal information to any third parties. NDSU does not release any personally identifiable information, unless required by law.The NDSU website uses Google Analytics with Advertising Features, a website traffic tracking and reporting service, and Google Custom Search, a tool designed to assist with searching for and finding information on the NDSU website. These services help NDSU better understand and improve the university website's performance and user experience. NDSU adheres to Google's usage guidelines for this service, which prohibits the collection or association of personal information with Web analytics or site searches. How Google uses data when you visit our website / opt out.Some pages on the NDSU website use Hotjar, a website traffic tracking and reporting service. This service helps NDSU better understand and improve the university's website performance and user experience. Notable data collected includes: Mouse events (movements, location and clicks), and keypresses.  Hotjar Privacy Statement / opt-out.If you have questions about this site's collection of information or its online privacy statement, contact the NDSU Chief Information Security Officer.
Top of page