http://www.so-low.com/privacy-policy/
Loading... Please wait...
sales@so-low.comPhone: (513) 772-9410Fax: (513) 772-057010310 Spartan Drive, Cincinnati, OH 45215
Search
Search
Home
Pages
Home
About Us
Catalog
Contact Us
COVID-19 PRODUCTS
Mini Freezers -25°C to -45°C
Mini Freezers -40°C to -85°C
Lab Chest Freezers -25°C to -45°C
-25°C Lab Chest Freezers
-40°C Lab Chest Freezers
-45°C Lab Chest Freezers
Low Temperature Freezers to -40°C
-40°C Mini Chest Freezer
-40°C Chest Freezer
-40°C Upright Freezers
-40°C Platinum Chest Freezers
-40°C Platinum Upright Freezers
Ultra Low Freezers to -85°C
-85°C Chest Freezer
-85°C Upright Freezer
-85°C Mini Chest Freezer
-85°C Platinum Chest Freezer
-85°C Platinum Upright Freezer
Large Capacity Freezers to -80°C
-80°C Large Capacity Storage Freezers
Laboratory Freezers - Solid & Glass
Economy Freezers
Select Series Freezer
Glass Door Laboratory Freezers
Manual Defrost Freezers
Refrigerator / Freezer Combination Units
Refrigerator / Freezer Combination
Stacking Refrigerator Freezer Combination
Touchscreen Refrigerators
Platinum Series Refrigerators
Refrigerators - Solid & Glass Doors
Laboratory & Pharmacy Refrigerators Glass Doors
Laboratory & Pharmacy Refrigerators Solid Doors
Economy Laboratory Refrigerators
Stainless Steel Laboratory Refrigerators
Select Series Refrigerators
Pass-Thru Laboratory & Pharmacy Refrigerators
Refrigerator / Freezer Combination Units
Undercounter Refrigerators / Freezers
Undercounter Refrigerators
Undercounter Freezers
Undercounter Ultra-Low Freezer
Flammable Refrigerators / Freezers
Flammable Material Storage (Freezers)
Flammable Material Storage (Ref / Freezer Combo)
Flammable Material Storage (Refrigerators)
Explosion Proof Fridge / Freezers
Explosion Proof / Manual Defrost Freezers
Exp Proof / Manual Defrost Ref / Freezer Combo
Explosion Proof / Manual Defrost Refrigerators
LN2 Cryogenic Storage Systems
LN2 Cryogenic Storage Systems
Laboratory Incubators
General Purpose Laboratory Incubators
CO2 Laboratory Incubators
Refrigerated Laboratory Incubators
Laboratory Ovens
Forced Air Laboratory Ovens
Gravity Flow Laboratory Ovens
Waterbaths / Hotplates / Stirrers
Waterbaths
Hotplates / Stirrers
Stability & Humidity Chambers
Humidity Chambers
Stability Chambers
Mini Walk-In Freezer
Freezer Racks - Freezer Gloves
Chest Freezer Racks
Upright Freezer Racks
Freezer Gloves
MiniFuges - Special Pricing
Special Design Cabinets
COVID-19 Equipment
COVID19 Freezers
test2
Sushi Storage
Scratch & Dent / Special Offers
Parts Request Form
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
So-Low Environmental Equipment Co., Inc. understands and respects your privacy. We would like you to know how we use any personal information you entrust to us. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for So-Low through the use of our website.
Because So-Low is committed to demonstrating our commitment to your privacy, we have agreed to disclose our information practices and have our privacy practices available for your review. So-Low agrees to supply some, or all, of the following information upon request:
1. What personally identifiable information of yours is collected from you through this web site.
2. The identity of the organization collecting the information.
3. How the information is used.
4. With whom the information may be shared.
5. What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information.
6. The types of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under So-Low’s control.
7. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you feel that our company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should contact So-Low via e-mail at the following address: sales@so-low.com.
So-Low is the sole owner of information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. So-Low may collect information from our users at several different points on our website in accordance with the following:
1. Certain information (e.g. name and address) is necessary in order to fulfill newsletter subscriptions, product literature, and support requests. this information is collected from all customers who request information from us. We may also use such information to mail you promotional and marketing material from our business, but will never sell, distribute or publish such information.
2. We collect other information (e.g., e-mail address or telephone number) so that we may more efficiently communicate with our customers and website visitors. We always tell you when information is mandatory to ensure the proper handling of your online request.
3. We use ip addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. ip addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. they are used strictly to improve the quality of the experience of So-Low.
Website Redirection
This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that So-Low is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware that when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
So-Low is not responsible for the content or privacy policy of the web sites we may link to. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from others in return.
Any personal information you disclose to anyone online you do so at your own risk.
Product Catalogue
If a user wishes to subscribe to our product catalogue, we will ask for contact information such as name, email address, and physical maling address. These catalouge’s may come in the form of electronic and/or physical mail.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both on and offline. For saftey reasons, the specific information about some of our security services will not be revealed. This restriction on security information is to protect our company and customers personal information from suspecious activity.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to sales@so-low.com.
Termination of Service
So-Low reserves the right to terminate any service for any account without notice. For privacy issues, So-Low may or may not disclose reasons for termination.
Site and Service Updates
By agreeing to our terms of service, your contact information might be used to send messages containing vital service announcement updates.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your email or zip code), or if a user no longer desires one or more of our services, we will request you to send the updated information (or request for removal of services) to us. This can be done by contactingsales@so-low.com or (513) 772-9410. If you do not send So-Low any updated information, So-Low will assume all data in our system is correct. In occurace of wrong information in our system, So-Low may attempt to contact you via email and/or phone to retrieve the correct contact information.
Consent
Children under 18 should be sure to ask your parents for permission before sending any information to us or anyone else over the Internet.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post any changes at this location so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
So-Low is not required to prodide notification of changes in our Privacy Policy, as it is the users responsibility to review the policy for any alternations, and can make changes to this Policy at any time. So-Low will keep a version number and date at the bottom of our Privacy Policy to notify customers when the last revision of the policy was altered.
Policy Version 1.01 : April, 2011
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at sales@so-low.com.
Popular Pages
Home
About Us
Catalog
Contact Us
Online Catalog | Privacy Policy | General Services Administration Contract - GSA
© 2019 So-Low Environmental Equipment Co. All Rights ReservedSite by InfoToGo.net
All prices are in USD