http://www.igu.org/privacy-policy/
Account Login
Members Portal
Groups Portal
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
I. Coverage
This privacy policy covers our use of your personal information which is collected through or in connection with this Site. For the purposes of this policy, this “Site” means the www.igu.org top site.
Other IGU related web sites may contain private policies which are different from this privacy policy. When browsing through IGU related web sites please refer to the privacy policy of each web site and do not assume that the below mentioned privacy policy applies to all IGU related web sites.
Furthermore IGU is not responsible for the private policies and practices of other web sites whether you accessed the third party web site using links from our Site; or you linked to our web site from a third party web site. IGU recommends that you refer to each site you visit and contact the owner or operator of such web site if you have any concerns or questions.
II. Information Collection and Use
IGU collects and uses personal information (including name, address, telephone number and e-mail) submitted by you in order to respond to your queries or requests, to process your orders or applications and to download materials from our website.
If you opt in to provide us with your professional contact information, it will be used in order to keep our database updated, as well as for sending information related to the holding of congresses, international conferences and other activities of the IGU brand or sponsored by it, whose purpose is to promote the political, technical and economic progress of the gas industry.
Likewise, we inform you that your professional contact information may be transferred to third companies contracted by IGU to the organisation of such events, which would imply the holding of promotional and marketing campaigns.
In case you want to consult or update your professional data, you can contact us by writing to IGU Secretariat Headquarter in Spain, with office address at Plaça del Gas nº 1, Building B, 3rd floor, 08003 Barcelona (Spain) or by email at secretariat@igu-gasnatural.com.
If at any time, you no longer want to receive any further updates from IGU, you can simply unsubscribe from any IGU email and we will delete your data from our user database.
Except as stated above, IGU will not disclose any personally identifiable information without your permission unless we are legally entitled or required to do so (for example, if required to do so by legal process or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime) or if we believe that such action is necessary to protect and/or defend our rights, property or personal safety and those of our users, Members, etc.
III. Use of Cookies
IGU may store some information (commonly known as a “cookie”) on your computer when you look at our Site. We are able to read these cookies for information purposes when you revisit our Site. The type of information we collect as a result of a cookie being accepted by you is specific to your personal computer (PC) and includes the IP address, the date and time the PC visited the Site, what parts of our web site were looked at and whether the web pages requested were delivered successfully. This information is anonymous representing a computer rather than a person.
IGU uses the cookie information to improve our knowledge of the use of our Site and to enable us to be able to ascertain whether the Site is operating at an optimal level. This allows us to enhance our web Site service to you.
You can erase or block this information by changing the settings on your computer (please refer to your help screens and manuals). If you do erase or block this information you may not be able to utilise some features of the Site.
IV. Contact Procedure
If at any time you would like to contact IGU about our privacy policy, you can do so by contacting the top site editor (i.e. the IGU Secretariat) at secrigu@statoil.com.