https://www.esa.org/public-policy
Skip to main content
HomePolicy
Policy
Public Affairs Office
Science for Policy and Policy for Science
ESA’s Public Affairs Office manages the Society’s public policy and media initiatives. Working closely with its elected leadership, we provide an ecological perspective on national policy issues and frequently partner with other scientific societies and organizations in areas of mutual concern.
ESA’s policy activities work to infuse ecological knowledge into policy decisions through activities such as policy statements, Capitol Hill briefings, member congressional visits days and coalition involvement.
Stay Informed   Get Involved & Take Action   Policy Positions   Policy Activities
Contact Us
Alison Mize
Director of Public Affairs
gro.asenull@nosila 202.833.8773, ext. 205
Heidi Swanson
Public Information Manager
gro.asenull@idieh 202.833.8773, ext. 211
Nicole Zimmerman
Public Affairs Manager
gro.asenull@elocin 202.833.8773, ext. 224
Explore Policy
Secondary Menu
Get Involved & Take Action
Policy Activities
Policy News Archive
Policy Positions
Stay Informed
Journals and Publications
Owners of domestic cats (Felis catus) express diverse perspectives on their pets’ hunting behaviors and access to the outdoors. In some regions, policies focused on confining cats indoors, or otherwise regulating ownership, can lead to noncompliance and at worst may contribute to conflict. In the December issue of Frontiers, Crowley et al. explain how tailoring communications and management approaches to better align with owners’ perspectives could increase participation in attempts to reduce their pets’ impacts on wildlife.
Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment
Career OpportunitiesHarvard University Center for the Environment: Harvard University Environmental Fellows Program December 9, 2020Oglethorpe University: Assistant Professor of Biology (Tenure Track) December 7, 2020Harvard University: Postdoctoral Fellow in Terrestrial Ecosystem Dynamics December 3, 2020University of Texas at San Antonio: Endowed Chair/Professorship in the College of Sciences in Data-driven Climate Change Impact Research November 30, 2020Université du Québec en Abitibi-Témiscamingue: Canada Research Chair Tier II in paleoecology November 23, 2020
News
Managing Ecosystem Restoration: What Does Success Look Like?
Systems ecology-based methods from the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) to advance effective large-scale restoration projects.
Read Post
Nebraska anglers are creatures of habit
A study published in Ecological Applications shows that seven popular fishing spots across Nebraska consistently attracted visitors from the same ZIP codes, providing key insights for natural resource managers.
Read Post
Worm and Crayfish mutualism effects entire stream ecosystems
A recent paper by researchers at Appalachian State University and Virginia Tech, published in the journal Ecology, shows how some small worms can influence entire stream ecosystems.
Read Post
View All News
Instagram
Submit to our Instagram