https://www.esa.org/public-policy/stay-informed/
Skip to main content
HomePolicyStay Informed
Stay Informed
ESA maintains several tools to keep members up-to-date on the latest policy developments.
Legislative Tracker
ESA tracks legislation relevant to the ecological community. This legislative tracker can be sorted by sponsor, committee, status and more.
Federal Register Tracker
ESA tracks upcoming meetings and current public comment opportunities on issues relevant to ecology through the Federal Register tracker.
Policy News
The Ecological Society of America’s Policy News provides bi-monthly summaries of major environmental and science policy news. To receive Policy News, sign-up here.
Federal Budget Tracker
ESA’s Federal Budget Tracker monitors the federal appropriations process and provides information on budgets relevant to ecological sciences.
Explore Stay Informed
Secondary Menu
Federal Budget Tracker
Federal Register Opportunities
Legislative Tracker
Journals and Publications
Owners of domestic cats (Felis catus) express diverse perspectives on their pets’ hunting behaviors and access to the outdoors. In some regions, policies focused on confining cats indoors, or otherwise regulating ownership, can lead to noncompliance and at worst may contribute to conflict. In the December issue of Frontiers, Crowley et al. explain how tailoring communications and management approaches to better align with owners’ perspectives could increase participation in attempts to reduce their pets’ impacts on wildlife.
Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment
Career OpportunitiesHarvard University Center for the Environment: Harvard University Environmental Fellows Program December 9, 2020Oglethorpe University: Assistant Professor of Biology (Tenure Track) December 7, 2020Harvard University: Postdoctoral Fellow in Terrestrial Ecosystem Dynamics December 3, 2020University of Texas at San Antonio: Endowed Chair/Professorship in the College of Sciences in Data-driven Climate Change Impact Research November 30, 2020Université du Québec en Abitibi-Témiscamingue: Canada Research Chair Tier II in paleoecology November 23, 2020
News
Managing Ecosystem Restoration: What Does Success Look Like?
Systems ecology-based methods from the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) to advance effective large-scale restoration projects.
Read Post
Nebraska anglers are creatures of habit
A study published in Ecological Applications shows that seven popular fishing spots across Nebraska consistently attracted visitors from the same ZIP codes, providing key insights for natural resource managers.
Read Post
Worm and Crayfish mutualism effects entire stream ecosystems
A recent paper by researchers at Appalachian State University and Virginia Tech, published in the journal Ecology, shows how some small worms can influence entire stream ecosystems.
Read Post
View All News
Instagram
Submit to our Instagram