http://www.qlucore.com/privacy-policy
Main navigation
Product
Qlucore Omics Explorer
Qlucore Diagnostics
Application areas
Downloads
New releases
Case studies
Publications
User testimonials
Partner Integrations
Videos
Watch videos
About us
Founders
Agents and Partners
R&D
Events
News
Published articles
Qlucore 10 years
Vacancies
Privacy policy
Support
Data import
Documentation
Webinars
FAQ
Contact
Get a quote
Book personal webinars
Book public webinars
Get an account
With a Qlucore account you can download Qlucore Omics Explorer for Mac and Windows, register for webinars and access our support forums.
Email or username
Password
Create new accountReset your password
Privacy policy
Qlucore privacy policy
1.     Introduction
1.1    This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.2    By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
1.3    In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to Qlucore.
2.     How we use your personal data
2.1    In this Section 2 we have set out:
(a)    the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)    in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;
(c)    the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(d)    the legal bases of the processing.
2.2    We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is Google Analytics. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
2.3    We may process your account data ("account data"). The account data may include your name and email address. The source of the account data is you or your employer. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is consent or our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business or the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract or you attend a seminar or training session.
2.4    We may process your information included in your personal profile ("profile data"). The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, educational details, work focus areas and employment details. The profile data may be processed for providing information about our services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business or the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract or you attend a seminar or training session or us marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you.
2.5    We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services ("service data"). The service data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, educational details, work focus areas, contract status, support tickets, license types and employment details. The source of the service data is you or your employer. The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.6    We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.7    We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website ("transaction data"). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely our interest in the proper administration of our website and business.
3.     Providing your personal data to others
3.1    We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
3.2    We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
3.3    We may disclose your personal data to contracted Agents working in certain geographical areas insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
3.4    Financial transactions relating to our services may be handled by our payment services providers. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
3.5    In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
4.     International transfers of your personal data
4.1    We have offices in the US. Transfers will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of the use of binding corporate rules.
5.     Retaining and deleting personal data
5.1    Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
5.2    We will retain your personal data as follows for four years after the last recorded interaction with you.
5.3    Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
6.     Amendments
6.1    We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
7.     Your rights
7.1    You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to:
(a)    the payment of a fee (currently fixed at Euro 10); and
(b)    the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor).
7.2    We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
7.3    You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
7.4    In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
8.     About cookies
8.1    A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
8.2    Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
8.3    Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
9.     Cookies used by our service providers
9.1    Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
9.2    We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
10.   Our details
10.1  This website is owned and operated by Qlucore AB.
10.2  We are registered in Sweden under registration number 556719-3528, and our registered office is at Scheelevägen 17, 22370 Lund, Sweden.
Qlucore_Privacy_policy A (002).pdf
(98.75 KB)
Have we caught your interest?
Try before you buy
Our free trial versions are available both for PC and Mac.
Download free trial
Webinars & videos
All our webinars are based on live software demonstrations using real life data.
Book a webinar
Watch a video
Get a quote
We offer different types of
licensing models and offer
special prices for Academia.
Contact us for a quote
Qlucore Diagnostics
A diagnostics software platform for multi-omics companion and precision diagnostics.
Learn more
Free Trial
Get started now with a free 10 days trial of Qlucore Omics Explorer!
Start here