https://www.ohiolumex.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY OF OHIO LUMEX CO., INC.
Ohio Lumex Co., Inc. operates the www.ohiolumex.com website.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information by Ohio Lumex Co., Inc.
If you choose to engage with Ohio Lumex Co., Inc., then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for Ohio Lumex business only. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our website, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser version, pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
We partner with Google Analytics. For information on how Google Analytics uses data please visit "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps," located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Cookies
We may use at our website common online tracking technologies like web browser cookies, web beacons or pixels, analytical tools, or other technologies to customize our websites, mobile applications, and social media interactions to enhance your overall customer experience. These technologies do not collect personally identifiable information about you. When you visit our website, a message called a cookie is sent from a web server to your computer. This cookie resides on your computer until your internal browser is turned off and is used to make it easier for you to navigate among different pages of the website. You can disable cookies in your browser or block by changing the settings in your browser. Disabling or rejecting cookies may prevent you from using certain website functions and you may have to enter information to take advantage of services.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our website may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that most of these external sites are not operated by Ohio Lumex. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
We do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Ohio Lumex Co., Inc.
30350 Bruce Industrial Pkwy.
Cleveland, OH 44139
MegaMenuItem
SecondaryMenuItem