http://www.safetyauthority.ca/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
www.technicalsafetybc.ca
contact@technicalsafetybc.ca
Toll Free: 1 866 566 7233
COVID-19 client service updateSafety critical assessments and incident investigations are continuing, as per our mandate. More information here.
Show alerts
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
Print (PDF)
Privacy Policy
At Technical Safety BC we’re committed to keeping your personal information private. Personal Information about our website visitors is collected, used or disclosed in accordance with the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act and is carefully monitored to ensure all necessary information is stored securely.
Personal Information
Personal information is recorded information about an identifiable individual. It includes things such as an individual's name, address, birth date, e-mail address and phone number. Business name, position title, phone number, fax number and email are not considered personal information.
The information we collect and how we use it
Technical Safety BC collects personal information under the authority of section 26(c) of FOIPPA.
This information is collected when you use our website for specific services such as online transactions, registration for events, sign up for notifications/newsletters and job applications.
If you send us electronic mail we collect your email address, your internet IP address and your message so that we may reply to you. Any sensitive personal information should not be sent unencrypted over the internet or by email.
When you visit our website, information is automatically collected about your visit using temporary cookies and/or Google Analytics. For further details, please refer to our Our Cookie Policy.
Personal information collected is only used for the original purpose it was collected, or in a manner consistent with those purposes. This information is not shared or distributed to any third party unless authorized by law and is only disclosed in accordance with FOIPPA.
Our website also includes Google Maps features and content that is subject to the then-current versions of the:
Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service at https://maps.google.com/help/terms_maps.html ; and
Google Privacy Policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Storage and Protection of Personal Information
Information collected by Technical Safety BC is retained in accordance with our approved Retention and Disposition Schedule.
Technical Safety BC protects your personal information by using industry standard security arrangements against unauthorized access or disclosure. Access to systems, applications and data is restricted to authorized individuals only.
Correcting your information
Technical Safety BC will try to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete and up-to-date as possible. If you would like your details removed or changed, please contact: website@technicalsafetybc.ca.
Links to other sites
Technical Safety BC strives to provide links to reputable websites and only when the information may be important for you to review. However, please be aware that privacy policies for those sites vary and may differ from the policy stated here. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites.
Privacy policy changes
This policy may be subject to change as we update our practices, website and alter our web services.
For any questions or concerns about this policy or how Technical Safety BC collects and uses your personal information, please contact the Records, Information and Privacy Analyst at 1 866 566 7233 or foi@technicalsafetybc.ca.