https://www.thoughtco.com/can-islam-help-you-quit-smoking-2004328
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
Image courtesy flickr.com/photos/pug50
Islam
Important Principles
Prayer Salat
Prophets of Islam
The Quran
Ramadan and Eid Al Fitr
Hajj and Eid Al Adha
By
Huda
Islam Expert
M.Ed., Loyola University–Maryland
B.S., Child Development, Oregon State University
Huda is an educator, school administrator, and author who has more than two decades of experience researching and writing about Islam online.
our editorial process
Huda
Updated January 31, 2019
One of the dangers of tobacco is that it is so addicting. It causes a physical response in your body when you try to give it up. Therefore, quitting is often difficult. However, some people may find that with the help of Allah and the personal commitment to improving yourself for the sake of Allah, and for your own health, it is possible.
Niyyah — Make Your Intention
It is first recommended to make the firm intention, from deep in your heart, to give up this evil habit. Trust in Allah's words: "...When you have taken a decision, put your trust in Allah. For Allah loves those who put their trust in Him. If Allah helps you, none can overcome you; if He forsakes you, who is it — after that — that can help you? In Allah, then, let believers put their trust" (Qur'an 3:159-160).
Change Your Habits
Secondly, you must avoid situations where you are used to smoking and people who do so around you. For example, if you have certain friends who gather together to smoke, make a choice to stay away from that environment for the time being. At a vulnerable stage, it is too easy to relapse by having "just one." Remember, tobacco causes a physical addiction and you must stay away completely.
Find Alternatives
Thirdly, drink a lot of water and keep yourself busy in other endeavors. Spend time in the mosque. Play sports. Pray. Spend time with your family and non-smoking friends. And remember the words of Allah: "And those who strive hard in Our Cause, We will certainly guide them to Our Paths, for verily Allah is with those who do right” (Qur'an 29:69).
If You Live With a Smoker
If you live with or are friends with smokers, first of all, encourage them to quit, for the sake of Allah, their health, and their deen. Share with them the information here, and offer support through the difficult process of quitting.
Remember that we will each face Allah alone, however, and we are responsible for our own choices. If they refuse to quit, you have the right to protect your own health and the health of your family. Do not allow it in the house. Do not allow it in enclosed quarters with your family.
If the smoker is a parent or other elder, we should not neglect to take care of our health out of "respect." The Qur'an is clear that we are not to obey our parents in things which are forbidden by Allah. Gently, but firmly, advise them of the reasons for your own choices.
List of Organs Damaged by Smoking Expanded
Who Invented Electronic Cigarettes?
Life Support and Euthanasia in Islam
The Science of Nicotine and Weight Loss
Inspiring Quotes to Use When You Want to Say 'Carpe Diem'
Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand Quotes
Understanding Gaslighting and Its Effects
14 College Graduation Gifts for Yourself
The Flammability of Oxygen: Does It Burn?
Legal Canadian Smoking Age by Province and Territory
The Girlfriend Instinct - The Value of Female Friendships
Going Back to School in Midlife
20 Things Your School Principal Wish You Knew
6 Steps for Self-Discipline When You Study
What is Classification in Grammar?
Medical Ethics in Islam