http://www.capitolscientific.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy This Web site is the responsibility of Capitol Scientific, Inc. Capitol Scientific, Inc. can be contacted by mail at 2500 Rutland Drive, Attention: Web Dept.; or by e-mail at customersvc@capitolscientific.com. The Web server on which this Web site is housed is owned and maintained by Capitol Scientific, Inc. The following policies apply to our domain www.capitolscientific.com.
Capitol Scientific, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other Web sites that are hyperlinked to or from www.capitolscientific.com. Personal Privacy on capitolscientific.com You can browse capitolscientific.com without disclosing any information about yourself. However, to receive access to the site's advanced features and services, we ask that you register by providing certain personal and/or company information. If you wish to order products on this Web site, you will be asked for Contact Information (your name, phone number and e-mail address), Shipping Address, Billing Address and Method of Payment (either a valid Capitol Scientific Account Number or a Credit Card Number). All pages on this Web site have encryption protection. However, some pages to which you link from this site may not be encrypted.
This site collects the domain name, IP address, computer type and browser type of site visitors. This information is aggregated and used internally for statistical analysis of visitor activity and usage trends. This information may also be used at the visitor's request to provide technical support. Any information provided to us by site visitors in purchase orders, registration forms, and surveys will be used for authorized purposes only. We do not sell or otherwise provide any of this information to mailing list companies or other similar database organizations. Certain information may be provided to Capitol Scientific’s vendors whose products may be of interest to you. Session tracking and "cookies" The product selection and ordering process requires that each Web page recognize your entire visit to the site - a technology known as a "session tracking." One way to accomplish session tracking is to save "cookies" to your computer. Our site, capitolscientific.com may use cookies, or functionally equivalent technology, to accomplish session tracking.
Session tracking through the use of cookies allows you to place products in your Shopping Cart while browsing for other products and enables you to avoid re-entering data on multiple pages. In short, session tracking and the use of cookies help to make your visit to capitolscientific.com more efficient and more convenient. Capitol Scientific, Inc. does not use cookies or the information obtained through cookies for any purpose unrelated to your activities on capitolscientific.com.
Capitol Scientific, Inc. does not obtain personal information about you (such as your name, address, telephone number, or social security number) through the use of cookies or any other electronic means via capitolscientific.com unless you voluntarily supply that information to us through the registration process or other communications.
Please note: The "session ID" (as described below) is assigned to each session. If you visit capitolscientific.com and leave for any reason, your ID will have changed when you return. If you were a logged-in Registered User for the previous session, any items you placed in your Shopping Cart will be saved for you. If were not logged in, those items will be lost. Data Security This site uses Secure Socket Layer encryption in the transmission of all information. All pages on this Web site have encryption protection. However, some pages to which you link from this site may not be encrypted. Capitol Scientific, Inc. stores all personal and financial data in a private database that is not connected to the Internet. Although no systems or safeguards can be guaranteed as foolproof, our databases are protected from unauthorized access by firewalls, passwords and other mechanisms. Registration You can browse our Web site and online catalog without disclosing any personal information. However, if you wish to access more advanced features and services within our Web site, we ask that you register by providing certain personal information. This information may include but is not limited to your name, Capitol Scientific, Inc. account information, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card number. Capitol Scientific, Inc. uses this information to give you access to the following benefits: View your special pricing onlineView the current status of your ordersView the current status of your ordersEnforce purchasing controls required by your employer (if applicable) The information you provide when you register is used only for the above purposes and to determine site activity and usage trends. You may also choose to receive promotional literature via e-mail or postal mail. We do not sell or otherwise provide this information to mailing list companies or other similar database organizations. Certain information may be provided to Capitol Scientific, Inc. vendors whose products may be of interest to you. All pages on this Web site have encryption protection. However, some pages to which you link from this site may not be encrypted. We store all personal data in a private database that is not connected to the Internet.
If you wish to be removed from our database, you can call 800-580-1167, or e-mail us at customersvc@capitolscientific.com. If you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for furthercontact with you, we will respect your wishes. Ordering If you wish to order products on capitolscientific.com, you will be asked for Contact Information (your name, phone number and e-mail address), your Shipping Address, Billing Address and Method of Payment (either a valid Capitol Scientific Account Number or a Credit Card Number). All pages on this Web site have encryption protection. However, some pages to which you link from this site may not be encrypted.
We store all personal data in a private database that is not connected to the Internet. The Billing Address and Method of Payment is used only by Capitol Scientific to secure payment for your order. Your Contact Information and Shipping Address may be shared with a product's manufacturer, if the product is shipped directly from the manufacturer. Order information will not be used for unauthorized purposes. New Features and Promotional Information Occasionally, Capitol Scientific, Inc. may wish to inform you of new features of the site, special product promotions, contests or other marketing programs.
If you have registered, you will be offered these announcements via e-mail or postal mail. You will be given the ability to activate or deactivate the transmission of these announcements to you.
Certain areas of the site will inform you of how to take advantage of any contests, promotions, publications, and special benefits, which may be offered from time to time. These areas may require you to provide personal information, such as but not limited to your name, address, contact information and/or purchasing history. This information may be used to determine your eligibility and may be provided to Capitol Scientific, Inc. vendors whose products may be of interest to you. Contacting Capitol Scientific Certain areas of the site can be used to request information such as special pricing requests, ordering information, customer service or technical help. This site also has survey forms that solicit feedback to help us better serve your needs. Any personal information you submit for these purposes will be used only to provide you with the information you request.
Certain areas of the site can be used to request information such as special pricing requests, ordering information, customer service or technical help. This site also has survey forms that solicit feedback to help us better serve your needs. Any personal information you submit for these purposes will be used only to provide you with the information you request. Contacts from Capitol Scientific Capitol Scientific, Inc. may need to contact you for sales information, customer service or technical support. Please contact us if you do not wish us to continue contacting you for any of these purposes. Capitol Scientific, Inc. reserves the right to contact site visitors regarding their account status and changes to any relevant agreements or policies. Capitol Scientific, Inc. reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying visitors of the existence and location of the new or revised privacy policy. Questions or Comments If you have any questions regarding the use of any information we obtain about customers, or if you believe Capitol Scientific, Inc. has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by phone at 800-580-1167, or by e-mail at customersvc@capitolscientific.com.
Your request is currently being processed ... Please stand by