https://www.appliedanthro.org/about/privacy-policy
HomeAboutPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last modified: 07/29/2019
The Society for Applied Anthropology (SfAA) is a worldwide organization for the applied social sciences. We understand that you are aware of and care about your own personal privacy interests, and we take that seriously. This Privacy Policy describes the SfAA’s policies and practices regarding its collection and use of your personal data, and sets forth your privacy rights.  Please read this policy carefully to understand how we treat the information we collect. If you do not agree with this policy, your choice is to cease immediately your use of our website. By accessing or using this website, you agree to this policy. We may update this policy from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this website after we post any changes constitutes your acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Information We Collect About You And How We Collect It
We collect personal data that you voluntarily provide to us, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, place of business and any other information that could be used to personally identify you. You may voluntarily provide personal data when you fill in forms on our website, reach out to us directly by sending us correspondence, or use the website to place orders or enter into any other transactions with us.
Use of our website
As is true of most other websites, the SfAA’s website collects certain information automatically and stores it in log files. The information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, the region or general location where your computer or device is accessing the internet, browser type, operating system and other usage information about the use of the SfAA’s website, including a history of the pages you view.
Automatic Data Collection
We may use cookies to automatically collect certain information about your online activities over time for various purposes, including authentication, status, personalization, protection and integrity, analysis and/or preferences. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
How We Use Your Information
We may use personal data:
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it (for example to provide services, support, or information you request, or to respond to your correspondence or other requests);
to contact you regarding any transactions you have entered into with us;
to notify you about changes to our website; or
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information, or for which you provide consent.
Disclosure Of Your Information
We may disclose personal data:
to our affiliates;
to contractors, service providers, and other third parties who support our business operations (e.g., payment processors, sales or support representatives, hosting providers, and other business consultants) who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal data confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them;
any other entity disclosed by us when you provide the information, or for which you provide consent; or
to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, to enforce or apply our website policies and other agreements, for billing and collection purposes, or if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect our rights, property, or safety or that of our members or others.
International Data Transfer
The SfAA has its headquarters in the United States. Information we collect from you will be processed in the United States. The United States has not sought nor received a finding of “adequacy” from the European Union under Article 45 of the GDPR. The SfAA relies on derogations for specific situations as set forth in Article 49 of the GDPR. In particular, the SfAA collects and transfers to the U.S. personal data only: with your consent; to perform a contract with you; or to fulfill a compelling legitimate interest of the SfAA in a manner that does not outweigh your rights and freedoms.
Do Not Track Signals
This website currently does not recognize or respond to browser “do not track” signals.
Children Under The Age Of 13
Our website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this website or on or through any of its features/register on the website, make any purchases through the website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or username you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal data from a child under 13, we will promptly take commercially reasonable steps to delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at webmaster@appliedanthro.org.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Policy and Conditions of Use at this website. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our policies, but you should check our website frequently to see the current Privacy Policy that is in effect and any changes that may have been made to it.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at webmaster@appliedanthro.org.
Legal Disclaimer
Legal Disclaimer
Last modified: 07/29/2019
The information on this website is provided by the Society for Applied Anthropology (SfAA) as a service to its members and the public. The information is provided on an “as is” basis and all statements and representations (other than fraudulent misrepresentation) warranties, terms, limitations, including any implied by statute, consumer law or otherwise, are hereby excluded to the maximum extent permissible by law.
We are not obliged to update this website but we may do so from time to time and we reserve the right to modify, restrict access or to close this website at any time.
About
Awards & PrizesResourcesContactDonatePrivacy PolicySfAA Global
Privacy Policy | Legal Disclaimer
Membership
Join/RenewAddress Change FormCommittees & Topical Interest Groups (TIG)Nominations & ElectionsOnline CommunityImmigration InitiativeInstitutional Membership
Annual Meeting
RegistrationMeeting InstructionsAbstract InformationHotel & Travel InformationDistinguished LecturesExhibitor InformationAwards & PrizesPrevious Annual MeetingsPodcast ProjectTown Hall 2021 Hybrid Meeting
Publications
NewsHuman OrganizationPracticing AnthropologyOnline JournalsOther PublicationsAdvertisingOral History Project
©Society for Applied Anthropology
P.O. Box 2436 • Oklahoma City, OK 73101 • 405.843.5113 • info@appliedanthro.org