https://www.nats.aero/home/cookies-policy/
NATS
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube
Blog
Contact
Search
NATS
About
About us
What we do
Vision & strategy
Board & Executive
History
Clients
Company Performance
Single European Sky
Research & innovation
Suppliers
Vision & strategy
To be the acknowledged global leader in innovative air traffic solutions and airport performance.
Annual Report & Accounts
NATS maintained excellent safety and service standards with solid financial performance.
Airspace
Introduction
Understanding airspace
Airspace Explorer
The future of airspace
Working with communities
Airspace consultations
Airspace and drones
Airspace TV
Introduction to airspace
The future of airspace
Services & Products
Introduction
Commercial Services
ATC Services
Engineering Services
Training Services
Wind Farm Services
Covid-19 Recovery Solutions
Commercial Products
Full Commercial Catalogue
Customers
Demand Capacity Balancer (DCB)
Intelligent Approach
Environment
Environment
Noise & emissions
Measuring noise
Airspace efficiency
Responsible Business Report 2020
Reports & documents library
Responsible Business Report 2020
Measuring airspace efficiency
Careers
Introduction
Why NATS?
Vacancies
Trainee Air Traffic Controllers
Students and graduates
Professional and business support
Our amazing everyday
Being a Controller - The career
Media
Media Centre
News releases
Company blog
Online magazine
Altitude webcast
Photos & videos
Factsheets
Reports
Altitude - our ATC focused webcast
Blog - insights from our experts
Contacts
Follow NATS
Twitter
Linked In
Facebook
Vimeo
Google Plus
Pinterest
Share
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Copy link to clipboard
HomeSite informationCookies policy
Cookies policy
Site informationDiversity and Inclusion
Privacy notice
Cookies policy
Sitemap
Terms and Conditions
NATS Defined Contribution Pension Scheme
GDPR enquiry
Working safely and staying secure during Covid-19
NATS (“we”, “us” or “our”) provide the information set out on the NATS website (the “Website”) solely for information and to facilitate NATS’ communications.
By using any part of this Website, completing any registration with us and/or submitting any information to us on the Website, you agree to be bound by this cookies policy, together with the Website’s Terms and Conditions and privacy notice.
Cookies
If cookies aren’t enabled on your computer, it will mean that your experience on our website will be limited to browsing and researching and will not be able to use its full functionality.
Cookies management
How to check Cookies are enabled or disabled on iOS Safari:
Tap on the ‘Settings’ application from your home screen.
Find and tap on the ‘Safari’ menu item.
Under the ‘Privacy & Security’ section tap on the ‘Block cookies’ menu item.
Select any option other than ‘Always block’.
How to check Cookies are enabled or disabled on Android internet browsers:
Tap on the ‘Settings’ application from your home screen or under ‘Apps’.
Under the ‘Device’ section tap on the ‘Applications’ menu item.
Find and tap the ‘Internet’ menu item.
Find and tap the ‘Privacy’ menu item. Enable ‘Accept cookies’.
All other browsers
Please consult your online Help files. You can also find out how to change your cookie settings and delete cookies on popular browsers at AboutCookies.org.uk.
About the cookies we use
You can find information below about all of the cookies we use and the reasons we use them.
1. Strictly necessary cookies
Strictly necessary cookies are essential to keep our website secure and working as it should. For instance, these cookies:
Make our contact and product forms processes work properly
Remember if you’ve accepted things like our website services’ terms and conditions, so you don’t have to tell us again
If you disable these cookies, it’s likely you’ll have some issues using the site.
2. Functionality cookies
Functionality cookies remember the choices you’ve made before so we can make sure our website looks and works the way you like. For example, these cookies can:
Remember your preferences such as colours, text size and layout
Remember your search settings
Show you content that is relevant to you
Remember if we’ve already asked you certain questions (for instance, our cookie banner)
If you disable these cookies you’ll still be able to use the site but may see content that is less relevant to you. You may also have to repeat actions you’ve previously made, for example, confirming you agree to our use of cookies.
3. Performance cookies
Performance cookies help us collect anonymous information about the customer experience on our website. We can find out the pages that are visited most frequently, and useful information such as whether visitors have come across any errors.
We use some performance cookies to help us improve our website by testing new design ideas, with the aim of making the website easier for you to use.
We may combine performance cookies data with other information, for example the products and services associated with your account, to help us improve and personalise your website experience even more.
We use these services to place performance cookies on your device:
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to gather data about visitors and visits to NATS websites, with particular focus on whether they have come to the websites from searches on search engines. This information is then used to improve our marketing efforts.
Opt out of Google Analytics cookies
Disabling these cookies limits our ability to develop and improve the website in the future.
4. Advertising cookies
Advertising cookies are widely used in online advertising. They allow us to display our adverts to people who are more likely to be interested in our products and services.
You might notice that after visiting our site you see more adverts for our products on other websites. To do this we use ‘remarketing’ advertising cookies. All data is entirely anonymised throughout the remarketing process – nobody, including us, can get personal information about you from any of the advertising cookies we use on our website.
We use the following services which place advertising cookies on your device:
Google Adwords
Google Adwords uses cookies to measure and improve the effectiveness of our online search marketing campaigns on Google.
Opt out of Google Adwords cookies
Facebook
Facebook uses cookies to measure and improve the effectiveness of our online display advertising and paid search marketing campaigns.
Opt out of Facebook cookies
Twitter
Twitter uses cookies to measure and improve the effectiveness of our online display advertising and paid search marketing campaigns.
Opt out of Twitter cookies
By disabling these cookies any advertising you see on other websites won’t be related to your visit to this site. You may still see generic adverts from us on other websites.
News
Eight weeks left for public to have their say on flight path changes
09.12.2020
Share
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Copy link to clipboard
HomeSite informationCookies policy
Top
UK Flights
-
Departed today
-
Landed today
-
Currently airborne
-
Handled yesterday
Press releases
Eight weeks left for public to have their say on flight path changes
09 Dec 2020
NATS report charts further environmental progress
01 Dec 2020
Nocturnal team delivers Heathrow surveillance improvements
19 Nov 2020
New separation standard permanently adopted over the North Atlantic
18 Nov 2020
Visit media centre
Twitter
Follow @NATS on Twitter
Reports & downloadsAnnual Report
Customer Report
Responsible Business Report
Safety Strategy
Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Related websitesAeronautical Information Service
Customer Gateway (restricted)
FerroNATS
Intelligent Approach
Help & supportDo it online
Wind farm pre-planning applications
Non-Standard Flight applications
Working safely and staying secure during Covid-19
Contact us
© Copyright NATS Limited 2020 Sitemap
Diversity and Inclusion
Privacy notice
Cookies policy
GDPR enquiry
Terms & conditions
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube
Sitemap
Diversity and Inclusion
Privacy notice
Cookies policy
GDPR enquiry
Terms & conditions
© Copyright NATS Limited 2020
NATS
Search Results
By continuing to use our site, you're agreeing to our use of cookies. Read our cookies policy.Ok