http://www.cadcorp.com/privacy/
Privacy & cookie policy
Privacy & cookie policy
Home / Privacy & cookie policy
Privacy & cookie policy
We are committed to upholding your privacy. The personal data we collect, process or use is treated securely and in accordance with our privacy policy, described below. Whenever you give us personal data, you are consenting to its collection and use in accordance with this policy.
The policy
This privacy policy sets out how Computer Aided Development Corporation Limited (Cadcorp) uses and protects any information that you provide us with when you use this website.
Should we ask you to provide information by which you can be identified when using this website; you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
Cadcorp may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. Our contact information is provided if you have any questions.
What personal data do we collect?
When you choose to register with us or make an enquiry or order products and services from us, we may collect the following information:
your name and job title;
your contact information including email address and telephone number;
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests.
How do we use your personal data?
Where appropriate, we use your personal data:
to provide goods and services to you or your organisation;
to let you know about other goods and services in which you may be interested;
to inform you about changes and improvements to this website.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the use of your personal information. If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by sending an email requesting the change to: cadcorp@cadcorp.com.
We will not sell, distribute or provide your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please let us know by sending an email to: cadcorp@cadcorp.com.
Use of Cookies
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website experience by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
A cookie is a small file, which is stored on your computer's hard drive. The cookie may help to analyse visits to our web site or monitor visits to a particular webpage. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual by gathering and remembering information about your preferences and tailoring their operations to your needs, likes and dislikes.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies through the settings in your web browser. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may, however, prevent you from taking full advantage of websites.
Website Visitor Tracking
This website uses Google Analytics to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
Downloads & Media Files
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on this website are provided to users at their own risk. While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available users are advised to verify their authenticity using third party antivirus software or similar applications. We accept no responsibility for third party downloads and downloads provided by external third party websites.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Contact & Communication with us
Users contacting us through this website do so at their own discretion and provide any personal details requested at their own choice.
Email Mailing List & Marketing Messages
We operate an email mailing list to inform subscribers about products, services and/or news and events. Users can subscribe via an online automated process where they give their explicit permission to be included in the list and to be sent information. Subscriber personal details are collected, processed, managed and stored in accordance with 'The policy' above.
Email marketing messages may contain tracking beacons, tracked clickable links or similar technologies in order to monitor subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of subscriber data relating to engagement, geographic, demographics and already stored subscriber data.
Subscribers can unsubscribe at any time as detailed in the footer of marketing email messages or by emailing marketing@cadcorp.com.
Social Media Policy & Usage
We adopt a Social Media Policy to ensure our business and our staff conduct themselves appropriately online. While we may have official profiles on social media platforms users are advised to verify authenticity of such profiles before engaging with, or sharing information with such profiles. We will never ask for user passwords or personal details on social media platforms. Users are advised to conduct themselves appropriately when engaging with us on social media.
There may be instances where our website features social sharing buttons, which help share web content directly from web pages to the respective social media platforms. Use of social sharing buttons is at your own discretion and you accept that doing so may publish content to your own social media profile feed or page.