http://www.durhamgeo.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Notice
Home Privacy Notice
Durham Geo-Enterprises, Inc. (Durham Geo) is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit our website. You can access https://durhamgeo.com or http://www.landfill-pumps.com (“Website”) and browse our sites without disclosing any of your personal data. Durham Geo does not collect personal information about individuals, such as names and mailing or e-mail addresses, unless it is knowingly provided by the individual and he or she has agreed to the terms under which we will use it.
Disclosure of Information
Durham Geo will not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals. We may use IP addresses to compile and provide aggregate statistics about our visitors, traffic patterns, and administer the site. This statistical information may also be related to third parties, but these statistics will not include any personally identifying information or track user’s movement. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. We collect only the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services.
If you do not want to have your information used in this way, send an e-mail message containing your name and email address to solutions@DurhamGeo.com. We may release account information when such release is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable laws; enforce the terms of any of our user agreements; or protect the rights, property, and safety of Durham Geo, the users of its site, or others.
External Websites
Please note that our Website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by our Website and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware that when they leave our site that you read the privacy statements of each website that might collect personally identifying information.