http://www.athabascau.ca/privacy
Skip To Content
COVID-19: Important information for AU Learners and Team Members.
Next Undergrad Deadline: Register by December 10th to start on January 1stApply Online
Strategic Plan
Convocation
Research
Library
AU Store
Alumni
News
Home
Privacy - Brief Summary
Athabasca University complies with Alberta's freedom of information and protection of privacy legislation.
Any personal information you provide through our website will be used only for the purposes for which it was collected, as described below.
The University does not use cookies in any manner which is not authorized by applicable privacy legislation, and ensures your privacy is protected..
For more information, see the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy website.
Privacy: Details
Athabasca University's website (www.athabascau.ca) provides information about the University and its programs and services. Athabasca University (AU) respects the privacy of its online visitors and does not sell or rent any information obtained from its website to any other organization or third party.
When you visit Athabasca University's website, the server automatically collects a limited amount of information essential for the site's operation and security. This information includes your IP address, the name of your Internet Service Provider, and information concerning your browser and operating system. Athabasca University does make use of cookies on its Website.s. “Cookies” are small text files placed in your browser that tracks information about your visit to our website. AU uses cookies to ensure our website can function, to measure traffic and to support marketing and communication activities, along with improving your experience of our site. By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies.
Third-Party Cookie Privacy Policies
We receive aggregate information about visits to the website from third-parties such as Google Analytics. We also use [24]7.ai as the provider for our knowledge base application for AskAU. [24]7.ai Privacy policy can be viewed on their website.
When you use Athabasca University's website for program or services purposes, such as participating in online courses, requesting services, completing a questionnaire, or making payment, the personal information you provide for that program or service will be in compliance with section 33(c) of the Alberta Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act and will be used only for the purpose it was collected. The information will be disclosed only in accordance with the provisions of the Alberta Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act and Regulation.
AU’s  website has links to outside Web pages. Please be aware that the University is not responsible for site content outside our Website, or the privacy policies of outside Websites. We encourage you to read the individual privacy statements on each website you visit.
All Athabasca University web pages should be treated on an “as is” basis unless they contain the phrase “This is an official publication of Athabasca University”. This privacy statement is intended to reflect the sites maintained by Athabasca University and it is subject to change.
For more information about our website, please contact:
Web Services, Office of University RelationsEmail: web_services@athabascau.ca
Conditions of Use — Brief Summary
While every attempt has been made to ensure the accuracy of pages on this website, pages should be treated on an “as is” basis, rather than as official documents, unless they explicitly state “This is an official publication of Athabasca University.”
Hyperlinks from the Athabasca University website to other sites have been provided in good faith, but do not indicate an endorsement by the University of those sites, which are subject to change over which the University has no control.
Short extracts from the site may be reproduced for personal and non-commercial services. All other republication requires the explicit consent of the University.
Trade marks appearing on the University website may not be copied and used without explicit permission from the University.
Full details on conditions of use are given below.
Conditions: Formal Details
The Athabasca University website consists of information made accessible at the athabascau.ca domain (“this Site”). This Site is subject to the terms of use below. If upon reviewing the terms of use below, you do not agree with these terms of use, you should leave this Site now.
Terms of Use
The terms of use that follow may change without prior notice and it is the user's responsibility to review for such updates.
General
The information provided on this Site is meant for educational and reference purposes only and should not be used in replacement of official documents provided by AU, unless clearly provided for. Also, the information provided on this Site is not intended to be a replacement for professional advice of any kind and the user should not act or rely on any information at this Site without first seeking the advice of a professional.
As a user of this Site, you are granted a limited licence to use (display or print) the information for your own personal, non-commercial use and you are responsible for any outcome resulting from such use. Except for short extracts, used for personal and non-commercial purposes, none of the information provided at this Site may be altered, republished or re-distributed in any way, shape or form without the explicit prior consent of AU.
Intellectual Property Rights
AU owns the intellectual property rights, including copyright, in and to this Site, or has obtained the necessary licenses. Therefore, AU will take any appropriate legal action to enforce its rights. A number of words, phrases, names, designs or logos used on this Site may be trademarks, service marks or trade names of AU or of other bodies. AU's trademarked designs or logos may not be used by other parties without prior explicit consent.
No Warranties
Although the information provided on this Site is thought to be correct when communicated, there is no obligation on AU to update this information or advise on further changes. There may be misprints or other errors on this Site, and AU does not guarantee the quality, correctness, completeness or timeliness of the information provided on this Site. AU makes no warranties, representations and conditions regarding use of this Site or the information provided, including any implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, whether express or implied, or arising from a course of dealing, usage or trade practice. AU is not responsible for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages or any other damages, however caused, arising out of your use of this website or from the information provided, including the loss of use, lost data, lost business profits, business interruption, personal injury, or any other personal or pecuniary loss, whether the action is in contract, tort (including negligence) or any other tort action.
Web Pages and Links
AU Team Members and the students may create and maintain pages contained on, or linked to, from this Site. The creation, maintenance and responsibility for these pages is entirely the responsibility of the parties who create and maintain such pages. AU shall have no responsibility for such pages and is not responsible for any content or information that you may find distasteful or offensive.
Also, this Site has links to other websites. This does not mean AU is associated with, or is legally allowed, to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyrighted symbol that may be shown in the link (or in its description). These other sites were independently created and AU does not assume responsibility for the content of these other websites. By providing links to these other websites, AU does not endorse, act as a publisher or distributor of the content on those other websites.
Computer Viruses
Most material available from the AU website is in a “text-file” form which cannot contain or transmit computer viruses. Some pages, however, such as Word files, are in “binary” form, which can, like downloadable executable files, transmit viruses. Although AU makes every effort to exclude computer viruses from its materials, you should take measures to check for computer viruses, execute due caution when downloading executable files, and make certain you have a comprehensive and recent backup of the information stored on your computer.
Governing Law
The laws of the Province of Alberta and the laws of Canada applicable shall govern any dispute or action regarding this Site or any content present on the Site. You hereby consent and submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Alberta in any action or proceeding established under or related to your use of this Site or document.
Please address comments and questions regarding this site Rodrigo Silva, Athabasca University.
Helpful Links & Resources:
Related LinksFreedom of Information and Protection of Privacy (FOIP) website
Updated June 09, 2020 by Web Strategy, University Relations