http://www.recycle-steel.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Aug 18, 2016
Thank you for visiting the website network of the American Iron and Steel Institute (referred to herein as "AISI", "we", "us", or "our").
This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect, use, share and protect information gathered from any of the websites maintained by AISI and its business units, subsidiaries and affiliated entities.
By using any of our websites, you agree to be bound by all of the terms, conditions and notices contained or referenced in this Statement of AISI’s Privacy Policy (the "Statement").
You should review the Statement from time to time, as we may change the Statement from time to time by posting revisions to the website.
Your continued use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of the revised Statement.
If you do not agree to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Statement, you must exit the website immediately.
AISI regularly gathers information from visitors to our website network at www.steel.org and related sites.
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically.
This information does not identify you personally.
We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit;
If you linked to this website from another website, the address of that other website; and
Information voluntarily submitted on publication order forms, meeting registration forms or e-mails sent to the website administrator, or for access to the Members Only section of our website.
Your IP address often does not identify an individual, but rather is merely a temporary name by which an individual obtains access to the AISI website.
AISI uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website quality.
We do not use IP addresses to personally identify users.
We use Google Analytics to determine which areas of our site visitors like based on the volume of traffic and to better prepare future site content based on the interests of users. We do not track the usage patterns of individual users, except when they click through from e-mails that we send out.
Information voluntarily disclosed to AISI either online or in writing through publication order forms, meeting registration forms, survey response forms, service enrollment forms and e-mail is added to the relevant AISI database to enable processing of the order or registration, or for appropriate response.
This information is usually the name, address and item purchased, meeting attended or topic of interest.
AISI endeavors to take appropriate measures to assure the reliability of member records and to protect them from loss, misuse or alteration.