https://www.citadel.edu/root/privacy-notice
Skip to top navigation
Skip to main navigation
Skip to main content
Information And Actions Being Taken Related To COVID-19
Academics
Program Types
Cadet Majors and Minors
When you commit to the cadet experience, you stand out from the rest.
Graduate Programs
Evening programs designed for Charleston's working professional. Now offering over 25 graduate degree programs and over 25 graduate certificates.
College Transfer Programs
Learn tonight, lead tomorrow. College transfer programs for non-traditional students. Earn your bachelor's from The Citadel and set yourself apart.
Online Programs
Our programs more convenient and flexible through master's degrees, graduate certificates, and undergraduate degree completion programs offered entirely online.
Schools and Departments
Tommy and Victoria Baker School of Business
School of Engineering
School of Humanities and Social Sciences
Swain Family School of Science and Mathematics
Zucker Family School of Education
Department of Leadership Studies
ROTC Programs
Academic Resources
Academic Advising, Centers and Resources
Accreditation
Daniel Library
Admissions and Aid
Enrollment Classifications
Corps of Cadets
Graduate
College Transfer Program
Online
Veterans
Enrollment Services
Tuition and Fees
Financial Aid
Veterans Benefits
Registrar
Treasurer
Next Steps
Apply
Request Info
Schedule a Visit
Virtual Tour
About
About The Citadel
Emergency Info
News
Offices and Departments
Publications
Virtual Tour
Stories
Campus Life
Annual Events
Athletics
Cadet Resources
Commandant
Campus Resources
Krause Center
Recreational Activities
ROTC
Special Groups
Information
HomeAt a GlanceA-Z SitemapAccreditationCampus CalendarCampus SafetyCitadel HistoryCollege PortraitContact The CitadelCore ValuesDashboardDepartment ListingsEmergency InfoEmployment OpportunitiesEthics in Action: Since 1842IPAC ReportMission StatementBOV CommitmentEthical Principles for EmployeesEthical Principles for FacultyVision, Core Values and Strategic Initiatives 2002-2012People SearchPolicies & ProceduresProcurement InfoPublic DocumentsReleased Materials / FOIA Archive
Apply Online
Request Info
Visit Campus
Home
Privacy Notice
Website Privacy Notice
The Citadel is committed to safeguarding and maintaining the privacy of your personal information.  In order for the college to provide our services, it is necessary for us to collect and use personal information of our website visitors. This Privacy Notice describes our practices with regards to the collection and processing of personal information through the college websites.
By continuing to use and interact with The Citadel's website and by providing The Citadel your personal information, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Notice.
Information Collected
In general, The Citadel collects and processes two types of information through its websites: (1) information voluntarily provided by you in order to receive requested information and/or services, and (2) information automatically collected upon your navigation of our websites.
Information You Provide
The Citadel collects information about you when you interact with our websites. The Citadel processes the information you provide from the devices used when you access our websites, including, for example, when you request information, register an account, log in to the website, submit a test, register for courses, complete a web form, add or update your account information, or otherwise correspond with the university via our websites.
Information Automatically Collected
When you use The Citadel's websites, the college also automatically collects information about the devices you use to visit The Citadel websites, including computers, tablets, and mobile phones.  We automatically collect your device identifier, web browser, IP address, and browsing information collected through cookies and beacons.  The Citadel also automatically collects information about how you use the websites, such as what you have searched for and viewed on the websites. .
Cookies and Other Technologies We and Our Third-Party Advertising Service Providers Use
The Citadel website uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. Our site uses cookies dropped by third parties for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize the website. Cookies may also be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.
Your choices and opting-out
We recognize how important your online privacy is to you, so we offer the following options for controlling targeted ads you receive and how we use your data.
You can opt-out of receiving targeted ads served by us or other advertising companies:
The Citadel partners with vendors who belong to the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct. You may use the NAI opt out tool here, which will allow you to opt out of seeing targeted ads from us and from other NAI approved member companies.
Our partners also comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the DAA website here.
Our partners also adhere to the European Interactive Advertising Digital Alliance (EDAA) guidelines for online advertising and you may opt out via their Your Online Choices website.
Please note that when using the ad industry opt-out tools described above:
If you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt out again.
If you opt-out we may still collect some data about your online activity for operational purposes, but it won't be used by us for the purpose of targeting ads to you.
If you use multiple browsers or devices you may need to execute this opt out on each browser or device.
Other ad companies’ opt-outs may function differently than our opt-out.
Back to Top