http://www.leatherheadfood.com/event/legal-labels-and-eu-food-law-helping-you-develop-compliant-food-labels-and-products-october/
About
Brexit
Services
Capabilities
Members
Sign in
Training & publications
Training courses
Research publications
Events & news
Industry events
News
Careers
Why Leatherhead?
Vacancies
Career development
Careers fairs
Internships and placements
Contact
Careers
Contact
Legal labels and EU food law – helping you develop compliant food labels and products
Date: 12 October - 07 November, 2020
Duration: 4-week online course
Member price: £1,100 + VAT (early bird rate £995 + VAT)
Non Member price: £1,570 + VAT (early bird rate £1,395 + VAT)
Groups: For bookings for five or more delegates, please contact us directly for discounts and the opportunity to tailor the sessions to your organisation.
*Early bird ends 31 August
Leatherhead's Legal Labels and EU Food Law course provides you with comprehensive training on EU food labelling and other legislation applicable to food product compliance. You will be given a unique overview of all relevant EU food regulatory areas, including a focus on labelling rules applicable in the UK and other Member States, followed by key controls for product compliance such as food safety, additive controls, contaminants and food contact materials.
To ensure our clients have access to high-quality training whilst travel restrictions and social distancing are in force, we have moved our Legal Labels course online. We intend to resume running on-site courses at our Great Burgh site when it is safe to do so.
Our online Legal Labels training covers the same content as our usual on-site course with a more flexible approach to learning. Each week you can work though the learning materials at your own pace and join interactive sessions with our regulatory experts.
Mandatory labelling: will focus on how to ensure the compliance of a food and drink label with the mandatory requirements of the Food Information to Consumers Regulation (EU) 1169/2011 (FIC).
Labelling claims: addresses voluntary aspects of labelling, such as nutrition and health claims and marketing statements.
EU food law: covers an introduction to the general principles of EU food law and key areas related to food safety and formulation compliance such as hygiene controls, novel foods, genetically modified foods, contaminants, food contact materials, pesticides and food improvement agents (food additives, enzymes, flavourings) with a session on how to check the acceptability of these agents in foods.
Interested in this course?Fill out our form below to book your place or contact our training team for further details.
Topics covered include:
General principles and application of EU food lawDivergent national food legislationMandatory labelling information
(including product descriptions, ingredient listing, allergen labelling, nutrition information and quantity marking)Nutrition & health claims and fortificationMarketing claimsProduct specific standards and labellingFood safety and hygiene controlsFood additives and flavouringsHow to find food legislation and guidanceInteractive workshops on additives and labelling
From this course you will:
Receive an introduction to the challenges of managing the EU and national regulatory requirements to ensure product complianceGet updated on the latest EU food legislation requirementsGain a thorough understanding of food labelling rules and industry issues including nutrition and health claims and allergensReceive guidance from Leatherhead’s regulatory consultants on applying your knowledge in practiceGet the opportunity to discuss challenging regulatory issues such as the Union lists on food additives & flavourings, and the EU food information to consumers (FIC) provisionsLearn from expert tutors how to make use of relevant examples and practical exercises to understand key labelling ‘problem’ areasConsolidate your learning in interactive sessions
Who should attend?
New starters/returnees in regulatory compliance rolesRegulatory, NPD and technical managers who wish to ensure their knowledge is up-to-dateEnforcement officers with food standards responsibilitiesAnybody in the food industry with responsibility for product compliance and label sign off
Online learning
Flexibility: The online format provides flexibility so you can work through weekly learning materials at your own paceRe-watch: Recorded lectures will be made available to delegates throughout the course and can re-watch at any time throughout the course durationTest your understanding: Quick quizzes are used to test your understanding on each topicAsk the expert: Each week a group interactive session will be run with our experts to work through examples and any questions you may have
Recent delegate testimonials:
“Excellent content - generally well presented. Good resources. I liked the workshops and ability to ask lots of questions. Thank you!”  –  Lucy
"Overall great class and I would definitely join another one in the future!” – Danielle
“Really good organisation of the course with a live session at the end of the week for any further questions” – Olivier
View the full programme here
Download PDF
Book your place here
Fill in the form below and someone will be in contact shortly to confirm and process your booking.
If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.
Fields marked with an * are required
Course name
Course date *
First name *
Last name *
Job title *
Company *
Address *
Email address *
Number of seats
1
2
3
4
5 or more...
Preferred payment method *
Credit / debit card
Invoice
Quoting PO number
I have read and accepted the Terms and Conditions *
By submitting your details you agree to us holding the personal data you've supplied for the purpose of processing your enquiry. For information about how we handle your data, please read our privacy policy.
Please confirm that you are not a robot. *
We've recently updated our privacy policy, click here to see the latest version.