http://www.thermodata.com.au/privacy-policy
Home
Thermodata Pty Ltd Online Privacy Policy
Last Updated: October 10, 2017
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Thermodata.com.au (“Thermodata P/L”) to inform you of our practices with respect to the collection and use of information about visitors to our website and about users of services available through this website.
The privacy practices set forth in this Privacy Policy are for this website only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
By using this website or any of the services available on or through this website, you consent to the following terms:
Acquisition of Information
You may view this website without providing any personally identifiable information. If you choose to purchase products or use services offered by this website, you will be required to provide personally identifiable information by completing the registration form. This information is used to respond to your request about the products/services in which you have expressed interest.
Use of Information
Thermodata P/L uses your contact information and personally identifiable information to provide access to services available on or through this website and to contact you when reasonably necessary. Thermodata P/L may also use any information you have provided, as reasonably necessary, to administer or provide customer support to you. Thermodata P/L may use your contact information to provide notices regarding the products or services that you have purchased or registered interest, as well as to inform you about other products and services that you may be interested in for future use. You may opt-out of receiving communications from Thermodata P/L by selecting options on the delivered correspondence, by directly responding to the person(s) sending the communication or by submitting a request to Thermodata P/L at: info@thermodata.com.au.
Access by Our Employees
Thermodata P/L employs commercially reasonable measures to limit its employees' access to your personally identifiable information to the minimum amount reasonably required to provide prompt and high quality service.
Disclosure of Information
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, Thermodata P/L will not share, sell, or rent your personally identifiable information to any third party.
Thermodata P/L may employ certain third party vendors, such as: shipping companies, credit card processing companies and data storage facilities, to assist Thermodata P/L in providing the products and services available through this website. Thermodata P/L may transfer your personally identifiable information to such vendors who have entered into a contract with Thermodata P/L that protects the confidentiality of your information and permits the vendor to use it only as reasonably necessary to fulfill its contract with Thermodata P/L.
Thermodata P/L may disclose your personally identifiable information (not including credit card information and passwords) on a confidential basis to third party auditors and measurement and analysis firms. We currently use several tools to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications. We use Web Analytics programs to help us measure the use of our website with the goal of continually improving our site's user experience. We also use Customer Relationship Management software to measure items like pages visited, duration of visit, which forms are filled out, etc. To track these data, we use cookies.
We use the information gathered to understand what pages are most useful to our visitors, which products are of interest to our customers, and to help our web site users find information on our site. If you provide your contact information to us through a form on our website, by purchasing from us, or by giving us your contact information at an event, we may send you product announcements, relevant publications, and customer surveys.
Thermodata P/L may disclose your personally identifiable information as reasonably necessary to comply with law, regulation or other governmental authority.
Thermodata P/L may disclose your personally identifiable information to another entity upon a transfer or sale of all or substantially all of the assets or stock, or line of business to which this Privacy Policy relates, or upon any other corporate re-organisation.
Security Measures
Thermodata P/L employs procedural and technological measures, consistent with legal requirements that are reasonably designed to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Sensitive information (such as credit card data) collected by Thermodata P/L is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way.
Thermodata P/L employs the services of a third party website host company, to which all information is on secure computers and to which only a small number of Thermodata P/L employees, involved in the management of the website, have access.
Updating Your Information
You may update or change the personally identifiable information that you have provided to Thermodata P/L by making changes via your User Account, by contacting us via the communication channels as stated on the “Contact Us” page of this website.
Policy Changes
Due to the Internet's rapidly evolving nature, Thermodata P/L may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. On such occasions, Thermodata P/L will post its updated policy on this website. All changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy.
Questions
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please email us at: info@thermodata.com.au.
×