http://www.perthzoo.wa.gov.au/privacy-statement
Welcome to Perth Zoo
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Share
Perth Zoo respects your privacy. Perth Zoo is committed to protecting all personal information provided to it. Perth Zoo understands that when you use the website or interact with Perth Zoo online, you may be concerned about the privacy of the personal information provided. This Privacy Statement explains how your information is collected and used.
This Privacy Statement is based on and is consistent with the National Privacy Principles published by the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner. The National Principles may be viewed on the Australian Information Commissioner’s website at www.privacy.gov.au.
1. Collection of Statistical Information
When you visit the Perth Zoo website, a record of your visit is kept for statistical and research purposes. Similar records may be collected when you use any of the interactive features found in this website.
This information is used to create summary statistics which help Perth Zoo make its site more useful to visitors.
The Perth Zoo website records your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes:
The user’s server address;
The user’s top level domain name (For example, .com, .gov, .au, .uk, etc.);
The date and time of the visit to the site;
The pages accessed and documents downloaded;
The object size;
The transaction type;
The number of milliseconds that the transfer required;
The previous site visited;
The type of browser used;
Browser capabilities;
Connection speed; and
Operating system.
No attempt is made to identify visitors or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the service provider’s logs.
2. Collection of Personal Information
Perth Zoo will collect personal information if you elect to donate to Perth Zoo’s Wildlife Conservation Action or make an e-ticketing purchase. The purpose being to either fulfil your transaction, to ensure Perth Zoo can deliver follow up customer service or if you elect to create or update a Perth Zoo website user account, to maintain your account profile.
2.1 Donations and e-ticketing purchases
Personal information collected will include, but is not limited to:
Name
Residential address
Postal address
Email address
Telephone number(s)
Credit card details
Please note: Credit card details are NOT stored on the Perth Zoo website. Transactions are processed through Perth Zoo’s merchant gateway.
Personal information collected by Perth Zoo will only be:
Collected by lawful and fair means;
Used for a lawful purpose; and
Collected with your consent.
2.2 Online user accounts
The purpose of creating and maintaining a Perth Zoo website user account profile is:
To make future transactions quicker (reducing need to enter personal information). By logging into your account you will be able to populate a transaction with existing personal information securely stored on the Perth Zoo servers.
To use your user history to enable Perth Zoo in future to improve the website experience for you through improved products and services.
3. Access and Amendment to Personal Information
Perth Zoo facilitates customers to access and amend their personal information in the following ways:
by creating and logging into a website user account; or
via written request to Perth Zoo.
Perth Zoo will respond to written requests within twenty eight (28) days of the receipt of the request at the offices of Perth Zoo; and
Perth Zoo may impose a charge on providing access to the personal information depending on the nature of the request.
Perth Zoo will not confirm the changes have been made unless specifically requested to do so.
4. Online Transactions and Interactions
We may ask you for personal information at other times when you visit the Perth Zoo website. This may include, but is not limited to when you:
Enter contests or join promotions;
Respond to a survey.
Personal information collected by Perth Zoo will only be:
Collected by lawful and fair means;
Used for a lawful purpose; and
Collected with your consent.
5. Email and Feedback Information
If you subscribe to any services on the Perth Zoo website or provide any comments or feedback via email then your email address and other personal information you may provide will be maintained on our mailing lists.
Your email address is confidential. When you email us:
We will record your email address;
We will only use your email address for the purpose for which you provided it;
We will not use your email address for any other purpose;
We will not disclose it to another party without your consent (though from time to time we may disclose your personal information to a party acting on behalf of Perth Zoo.  (See section 7.); and
Any email correspondence sent to this site will be treated as a public record and will be retained as required by the Western Australian State Records Act 2000 and other relevant regulations.
6. How we capture information
Perth Zoo uses technology called cookies when you visit its website.
A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in a user’s web browser while a user is browsing a website. When the user browses the same website in the future, the data stored in the cookie can be retrieved by the website to notify the website of the user’s previous activity.
Cookies have no way of disclosing your name or any personal information. Most browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies. You can choose to adjust your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when they are being used.
7. How we use the information we collect
Primarily, Perth Zoo collects this information to fulfil the requested transaction or to provide follow up customer service.
The Perth Zoo may disclose your personal information to specialist service providers which it uses from time to time. This may include, but is not limited to, mail distribution services (acting on Perth Zoo’s behalf) and data analysis specialists. We use confidentiality agreements and other contractual obligations to protect your personal information.
We may also use your information to keep you informed about special promotions, events and offers relevant to Perth Zoo and its membership and sponsorship programmes. In addition, we may use your information for research and the planning and development of products and services.
From time to time we may share de-identified information with approved business partners for analysis and research and development purposes.
8. How we protect the information we collect
Online transactions are supported by secure server technology (Thawte SSL Web Server Certificates). The technology we use encrypts your personal financial information before it is transmitted over the Internet. You can only transact on our website using a browser that supports secure server technology. Find out more about thawte SSL Web Server Certificates here.
9. External links
Some websites that are linked to the Perth Zoo site may collect personally identifiable information about you when you access or utilise those links.
When you leave Perth Zoo’s website you are no longer protected by Perth Zoo’s privacy provisions.
10. Changes to this Privacy Statement
The Perth Zoo Privacy Statement may change from time to time.  The current Privacy Statement will be available at www.perthzoo.com.au.
11. Complaints
In the event that a person considers that Perth Zoo has breached the provisions of this Privacy Statement, they should provide details of the circumstances in writing to Perth Zoo.
Perth Zoo will endeavour to respond to such a complaint within twenty eight (28) days of its receipt at the offices of Perth Zoo.
12. Contact Details
If you require further details about or wish to comment on Perth Zoo’s Website Privacy Statement, please contact perthzoo@perthzoo.wa.gov.au or + 61 (0)8 9474 0444
extraMile by Integranet