https://www.bedfordresearch.org/donate/brf-privacy-policy/
BRF Privacy Policy and Refunds
This Privacy Policy was last udpated on February 11, 2014.
Bedford Research Foundation (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates www.bedfordresearch.org (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at www.bedfordresearch.org.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address and phone number (“Personal Information”).
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
Bedford Research Foundation has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Bedford Research Foundation may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Donation Refunds and Refunds & Returns on Products or Services
Thanks for donating or shopping at Bedford Research Foundation.
If you are not entirely satisfied with your donation or purchase, we’re here to help.
Returns
You have 30 calendar days to return an item from the date you received it.
To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. Your item must be in the original packaging.
Your item needs to have the receipt or proof of purchase.
Sale items
Unfortunately sale items cannot be refunded. Only regular price items can be refunded.
Refunds
Once we receive your item, we will inspect it and notify you that we have received your returned item. We will immediately notify you on the status of your refund after inspecting the item.
If your return is approved, we will initiate a refund to your credit card (or original method of payment). You will receive the credit within a certain amount of days, depending on your card issuer’s policies.
Shipping
You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.
How To Return Your Item
To return an item to us, please mail it to the following address:
P.O. Box 1028 Bedford, MA 01730
You can also contact us if you have any questions.
Contact Us
If you have any questions on how to return your item to us, contact us.
Your support makes our work possible Donate Now
Community Testing
If you are looking to sign up for a community testing in the town of Bedford MA:
Testing in Bedford
The Bedford Research Foundation is pleased to offer COVID19 testing at First Parish Church in Bedford. We are scheduling testing dates for the next few upcoming dates:
• Register for Tuesday, Dec. 15th
• Register for Tuesday, Dec. 22nd
"Bedford Research made it so easy"
Bedford Research Foundation made it so easy to get tested. I made an appointment online and immediately got a confirmation email. I followed the instructions in the email the day my test was scheduled. I showed up at the location at my scheduled time and didn’t have to wait at all. The test was quick and painless. I was notified of my negative results by mail within a few days. They even supplied me with a quick reference sheet so I could be reimbursed by my insurance company.
I logged on to my insurance companies website to file a claim. With the paperwork supplied and my email receipt the insurance company reimbursed me within a few weeks. The test ended up costing me nothing and my results were much faster than the big national labs.
- Todd Johnson