http://www.igu.org/terms-conditions/
Account Login
Members Portal
Groups Portal
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Condition
Welcome to the www.igu.org top site. This web site is owned and operated by the Secretariat of the International Gas Union (IGU Secretariat) on behalf of the International Gas Union (IGU). The Secretariat maintains this web site (the “Site”) for your information, education and communication. Access to and use of the Site are subject to the terms and conditions set forth below.
For the purposes of these terms and conditions, this Site means the www.igu.org top site, which links to other IGU related web sites. Other IGU related web sites may contain terms and conditions which are different from these terms and conditions. When browsing through IGU related web sites please refer to the terms and conditions of each web site and do not assume that the below mentioned terms and conditions apply to all IGU related web sites.
1. Disclaimer
1.a) While IGU uses reasonable efforts to ensure that the information and materials contained in this Site are current and accurate, IGU makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained in the Site or in any site linked to or from the Site. IGU expressly disclaims liability for any errors or omissions in the materials contained in the Site or in any site linked to or from the Site. IGU reserves the right to make changes in the programs, policies, and services described in this Site at any time without notice.
All information or advice provided as part of this Site is intended to be general in nature and should not be relied upon in connection with any decisionmaking.
The information and materials contained in this Site are provided to you AS-IS and you use this Site or any site linked to or from this Site at your own risk. IGU MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. IGU expressly disclaims liability for any damage to or viruses that may infect your computer or other property due to your use of this Site or any site linked to or from this Site or your downloading any materials, text or images from the Site or from any site linked to or from the Site. IGU SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THIS SITE OR ANY SITE LINKED TO OR FROM THIS SITE.
1.b) IGU related web sites have their own separate identities but in this Site we may sometimes use “IGU”, “Entity”, “Organisation”, “we” or “us” when we refer to IGU related organisations in general or where no useful purpose is served by identifying any particular IGU entity/related organisation.
This Site may include links to external web sites. When you follow such links the external web site may appear as a full screen (in which case you will need to use the back button on your browser to return to this Site) or in some cases it may appear within the frame of this site (in which case you will be able to return to this Site by using the navigation buttons within the frame). Where an external web site appears within the frame of this Site, this is purely for ease of navigation back to this Site and does not indicate any responsibility on our part for the external web site concerned, even if it is a web site owned and operated by another IGU related organisations. These links are provided in order to help you find relevant web sites and/or services which may be of interest to you quickly and easily. It is your responsibility to decide whether any services available through any of these web sites are suitable for your purposes.
The fact that another web site is linked to or from this Site does not imply that: 1) IGU sponsors, licenses, endorses, is affiliated with or is otherwise connected to that site, the services described therein or its owner; and 2) IGU has authorized the linked web site to use any trademark, logo, name or other trademarked or copyrighted material of IGU.
2. Terms and Conditions – Copyright
2.a) This Site contains material including text, photographs and other images and possibly sound, which is protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property rights. All copyright and other intellectual property rights are either owned by IGU or have been licensed to it or shared with it by its owner(s) of these rights so that it can use this material as part of this Site.
The trademarks, names, logos and other indications of origin displayed on this Site (“Trademarks”) are owned by IGU or a third party who has granted IGU a right to them on this Site. Nothing contained herein should be construed as granting the browser or user of this Site the right to use any Trademark displayed on this Site without the written permission of the owner of the Trademark.
This Site ( www.igu.org) may not be reproduced in whole or in part without the written permission of the above mentioned holders of the copyright.
Any materials, communications or information (“Information”) sent to this Site will be deemed NOT CONFIDENTIAL and NONPROPRIETARY and will become the property of IGU. IGU may use such Information for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to use of any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in the Information. IGU may reproduce, display, transmit, perfom, publish and broadcast the Information at any time or in any media.
2.b) You may:
access the public part of this Site without username and password;
print off one copy of any or all of the pages for your own personal reference.
2.c) You may not:
copy (whether by printing off onto paper, storing on disk, downloading or in any other way), distribute (including distributing copies), broadcast, alter or tamper with in any way or otherwise use any material contained in the Site except as set out under “You may”. These restrictions apply in relation to all or part of the material on the Site;
remove any copyright, Trademark or other intellectual property notices contained in the original material from any material copied or printed off from the Site;
access the non public part of this Site without username and password;
link to this web Site without our express written consent.
If you wish to provide a hypertext or other link to this Site, please contact the top site editor (i.e. the IGU Secretariat) with details of:
the URL(s) of the web page(s) from which you are proposing to link to this Site
the URL(s) of the web page(s) on this Site to which you are proposing to link
and we will consider your request. It is our decision as to whether we agree to you request and we do not have to do so.
3. Changes to Terms and Conditions
IGU may change the terms and conditions and disclaimer set out above from time to time. By browsing on this Site, you are accepting that you are bound by the current terms and conditions and disclaimer and so you should refer to these each time you revisit this Site.
4. Changes to Operation of the Web Site
4.a) IGU may change the format and content of this Site at any time.
4.b) IGU may suspend the operation of this Site for support and maintenance work, in order to update the content or for any other reason.
4.c) IGU reserves the right to terminate access to this Site at any time and without notice.
5. Data Protection
Personal details provided to IGU or other IGU related organisations through this Site will only be used in accordance with our privacy policy. Please refer to this (read below) before proceeding. By providing possible personal details to us you are consenting to its use in according with our privacy policy.
6. Complaints Procedure
If you have a question or complaint about this Site, please contact the top site editor (i.e. the IGU Secretariat) at secrigu@statoil.com
7. Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions are governed by and to be interpreted in accordance with Danish law and in the event of any dispute arising in relation to these terms and conditions or any dispute arising in relation to the Site whether in contract or tort or otherwise the Danish courts will have jurisdiction over such dispute