https://www.asdreams.org/privacy-cookie-policy/
Skip to primary content
IASD PRIVACY POLICY
The International
Association for the Study of Dreams (“IASD”) believes that the
protection and privacy of your Personal Data and Non-Personal Data
(collectively “Data” or “Your Data”) is paramount and we
value your right to privacy.  IASD strives to protect Data that
we collect through your interaction with the IASD family of websites
(“IASD Websites”),
IASD social media tools (“IASD Social
Media”) and other digital and non-digital spaces where IASD may
collect Data (IASD Websites, and IASD Social Media, and other digital
and non-digital spaces, respectively, and collectively, “IASD
Digital Assets”).
Data you provide
to us through your use of IASD Digital Assets helps to inform the
IASD about how best to provide you with a fulfilling user experience
as it relates to our mission.  Our goal is to ensure that Your
Data is secure, and that IASD only uses Your Data subject to the
terms and conditions set forth below.
IASD is committed to working with
you to obtain a fair and rapid resolution of any queries, complaints,
or disputes about privacy.  If you have any questions or
comments about our Privacy Statement, Cookie Policy or our
information collection and data protection practices, please contact
office@asdreams.org or
1-209-724-0889.
IASD Privacy Statement
By using IASD
Digital Assets, you consent to the terms and conditions of this
privacy statement and to IASD processing your data for the purposes
stated below. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this
privacy statement, please understand that your use of IASD digital
assets may not be optimized and in some instances you may not be
allowed access to IASD digital assets that require IASD to verify you
as an authorized user (for example, accessing IASD’s educational
platform or logging into your IASD account).
Data IASD Collects
You
provide data to us to create your account or transact business with
us
1. Personal
Data
Personal Data may
include name, postal address, telephone number, email address,
payment and billing information, subscriptions or a combination of
these and other Data. Credit card information is kept securely by the
Membee Vault system, Stripe or Paypal and not available to IASD staff
or members unless the member directly sends that information to the
office.
2. Non-Personal Data “Non-Personal Data” can be technical information or it can be demographic information, such as your ZIP code, other geolocation data or interests. Non-Personal Data can be information that is automatically collected through the use of cookies for instance.  Non-Personal Data does NOT identify you personally but may be tied together with other data to identify you. These are some examples of the Non-Personal Data that is collected via IASD Digital Assets and a description of how this information is used.
Internet
Protocol (IP) address — Your IP address is a number that lets
computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data —
such as the webpages you view. We use this information to deliver our
webpages to you upon request, to tailor IASD Digital Assets to the
interests of our Users and to measure traffic within our IASD
Websites.
Cookies
— IASD Websites use “cookies” to improve functionality
and usability. We use this information for planning, tracking and to
improve the technical functions of our sites and products. By using
IASD Digital Assets, you are consenting to our use of cookies in
accordance with the terms of this Privacy Statement.
3. Automatically Collected Data
When you visit
IASD Digital Assets, we may automatically collect Data about you
through the use of cookies. This Data includes the browser or
operating system that you use, your IP address, the date and time you
have viewed certain pages on IASD Digital Assets, by ways of example.
Please see the “Use of Cookies” section below to find out more
about how we use cookies and similar technologies.
How IASD Uses Your Data
We use your data
to contact you, provide support for your membership, conduct surveys
and personalize our services to you.
Except to the
extent necessary to fulfill our business obligations as described in
this Privacy Statement, we do not sell, transfer, or otherwise
disclose to third parties any of the Personal Data that we collect
directly from or about you.
We use Personal
Data that is collected on IASD Digital Assets in the following ways:
To provide
member related services;
To deliver
services, such as educational programs, information or newsletters
you request or purchase;
To alert you
to special offers, updated information and other new services from
IASD, other third parties, or to forward promotional materials;
To process
your order and, if necessary, to contact you regarding the status of
your order;
To help us
create and publish content most relevant to you;
To request
your feedback about your experience with IASD;
To notify
you about a material change to this Privacy Policy, if necessary;
and
To allow you
access to limited-entry areas of IASD Digital Assets.
For other
business purposes that help optimize your experience as you interact
with IASD Digital Assets.
Cookies
Cookies are
used to recognize users & members when they return to our site,
to learn about which pages are most visited and to assist with a
single sign-on across IASD digital assets.
Cookies are text
files sent by Web servers to Web browsers and are stored on the
user’s computer or mobile device. If the browser is loading a page
and the server requests the Data stored in the cookie, the Data
contained within the cookie is sent back to the server.
Cookies contain
data about the user’s activities on a website and can be used by
Web servers to identify and track Users as they navigate different
pages on that website and can identify Users returning to that
website.
Cookies may be
either “persistent” or “session” cookies. IASD
uses persistent cookies to enable our website to recognize you when
you visit or return to an IASD Website.  Persistent cookies will
remain stored on your computer until you delete them or until it
expires automatically at its expiration date. Session cookies are
temporary cookies that typically expire at the end of the web
browsing session on a website.  IASD uses session cookies to
keep track of you while you navigate IASD Digital Assets.  A
session cookie expires at the end of the user session, i.e. when the
Web browser is closed.
IASD uses
cookies for:
Cookies contain
Data that we have previously stored from prior interactions with IASD
Digital Assets and may allow us to link to other Data we have about
you (My IASD, previous purchases, subscriptions).
IASD Digital
Assets use Data we obtain from cookies for the following purposes:
To recognize
the user’s computer when the user visits the website.
To track
some user actions only during the current website session.
To improve
the IASD Digital Assets’ usability.
To analyze
the use of the IASD Digital Assets.
To assist
IASD with administering the IASD Digital Assets.
To share
IASD Digital Assets User Data with our business associates for
processing items such as class purchases, membership renewal or
conference fees.
Managing Your
Cookie Settings
Most browsers
allow you to control cookies through their settings preferences.
However, if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may
limit your overall user experience, since it will no longer be
personalized to you. It may also stop you from saving customized
settings like login information.
Release of
Data to Third Parties
The IASD member
directories are by default available only to other IASD members in a
members-only section of the site. All members’
names are listed in
the directory, but members have the option to suppress names and all
other information, as well as releasing information for the Public
IASD Directory.
Personal Data collected as a function of the IASD
Digital Assets will not be released to third parties except to
further the purpose for which you provided the Data and in the
following instances:
The IASD
Newsletter publishes names of new and renewing members. There is
always an opt-out
upon
joining or renewing, and members and
contacts
opt-out at any time from sharing their names
IASD
provides a list of names and email on a share-list post-conference
for those participants that opt-in during registration.
To comply
with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal
process served on us, protect and defend our rights or property,
including the rights and property of IASD and IASD Digital Assets or
act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our
end users.
Forums, Chat Rooms and Other Public Posting Areas
Please
note that any Data you include in a message you post to any chat
room, forum or other public posting area is available to others.
Although IASD scrutinizes all requests for Facebook Group admission,
you should consider all posts as public.
If
you don’t want people to know your e-mail address, for example, don’t
include it in any message you post publicly. PLEASE BE EXTREMELY
CAREFUL WHEN DISCLOSING ANY DATA IN CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS AND OTHER
PUBLIC POSTING AREAS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF
THE DATA THAT YOU DISCLOSE IN CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC
POSTING AREAS.
Opt-Out of Communications
We
communicate with Users on a regular basis via email. For example, we
will use your email address to contact you regarding membership
renewal and dues payments, IASD elections,  to confirm a request
you have made of IASD, to send you notice of upcoming payments that
are due, to send you information about changes to our products and
services or to send notices and other disclosures as required by law.
Generally, members cannot opt-out of these communications since it is
necessary to keep members of informed of specific information
regarding membership and actions related thereto.
IASD
provides you the opportunity to exercise an opt-out choice if you do
not want to receive other types of communications from us, such as
messages or updates from us regarding new services and products
offered on IASD Digital Assets or if you do not want us to share your
Personal Data with third parties. For emails, you may opt-out by
clicking on the “unsubscribe” link within the text of an
email. We will process your request to unsubscribe as soon as
possible, but please be aware that in some circumstances you may
receive a few more messages until the unsubscribe is processed.
Your Choices & Obligations
Data
Retention
We
keep your Data for as long as you are a Member/Contact or as long as
your relationship with IASD Digital Assets continues and as required
by law. We retain your Data while your membership is active or as
necessary to continue to provide services including fulfilling
orders, accessing online courses, conferences and forums. This
includes Data you or others provided to us and Data obtained from
your use of IASD Digital Assets. There may be some instances where we
retain Non-Personal Data in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
Rights
to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You
can access, change or delete Your Data if you have an IASD account by
logging into your account. You can also email us at
office@asdreams.org
or call 1-209-724-0889.
We
collect Your Data in many ways, most often where you provide it to
us, and we provide you with several options for collecting, using and
sharing of Your Data, including deleting or correcting Data you have
provided to us.  We offer you settings to control and manage
Your Data through your IASD member account.
For
Personal Data that we have about you:
Delete
Data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of Your Data (for
example if you resign from being a member) and we will work hard to
honor all requests in a timely manner.  In some instances, we
may not be able to delete your Personal Data in order to comply with
applicable laws (for example, it is necessary to keep the financial
records of a transaction with you).
Change
or Correct Data: You can edit some of Your Data through your IASD
account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in
certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object
to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using
all or some of Your Data.
Right
to Access and/or Take Your Data: You have the right to see Your Data
and take your data and we will work with you to be sure we can
provide the most complete set of Your Data and a secure way to
transfer Your Data.
Resignation/Account
Closure: We will keep some of Your Data even after you resign your
membership with IASD or close your IASD account in order to fulfill
any final service requests.  Please note that we will retain
Your Data even after you have resigned your membership or closed your
IASD account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal
obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory
requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and
abuse, enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to
“unsubscribe” from further messages from us. We will retain
de-personalized Data after your account has been closed.
Your
Data may continue to be accessed by others until they refresh their
cache.
Please
note that IASD will not delete or restrict access to Data about you
where you have published in an IASD journal or other IASD publication
including our conference programs and newsletters.  We will not
delete historical Data that reference your service to IASD.  We
will not delete any comments or posts you have made on any of IASD’s
social media accounts or on any other of IASD’s Digital Assets.
Website Security
No
data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100
percent secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the
security of any Data you transmit to us and you understand that any
Data that you transfer to IASD is done at your own risk. However,
IASD uses website security measures consistent with current best
practices to protect its website, email and mailing lists. These
measures include technical, procedural, monitoring and tracking steps
intended to safeguard data from misuse, unauthorized access or
disclosure, loss, alteration or destruction.
Credit
card data is transmitted using Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”)
encryption or Transport Layer Security (“TLS”). Member and
purchaser Data are a high priority and we use our own protective
measures, as well as the security of our software and hardware
vendors.
We
realize there can be incidents of misuse or unauthorized program
incursions, as almost every website, service and user encounters. In
those instances, our goals are to move quickly to isolate the
problem, ensure or restore proper functionality and minimize any
inconvenience to our Users. As appropriate and necessary, IASD will
notify the relevant authorities of these incidents of misuse or
unauthorized program incursions of the IASD website.
Data Retention
IASD
retains information only as long as necessary to accomplish the
business purpose for which it was collected and to comply with its
legal, IRS and contractual obligations, and then securely disposes of
that information or converts it into non-personal information by
aggregating it, de-identifying it, or otherwise anonymizing it so
that it does not directly or indirectly identify you and cannot, with
reasonable efforts, resources, and technologies, be used to
reidentify you.
Your California Privacy Rights
California
Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California
residents to request certain information regarding the IASD’s
disclosure of personal data to third parties for their direct
marketing purposes. To make such a request,
please contact us at office@asdreams.org
or 1-209-724-0889.
Children’s Privacy
IASD Digital Assets,
and the services IASD provides to its Users, are not directed to or
intended for individuals under the age of 16. We do not knowingly
collect personal Data from children under 16. If we become aware that
a child under the age of 16 has provided us with personal Data, we
will take steps to delete such information. If you become aware that
a child under the age of 16 has provided us with personal Data,
please contact us at office@asdreams.org
or 1-209-724-0889..
Assignment
In the event that all
or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party, or in
the event of a merger, you grant us the right to assign the personal
and non-personal Data collected via IASD Digital Assets.
Contacting IASD
Users may contact IASD
through email at office@asdreams.org
or 1-209-724-0889. You may also mail us at IASD, PO BOX 206, Novato,
CA
94948
EU User Consent
For Users of this
website located in the European Union (“EU”), IASD follows the
Google EU User Consent Policy found at this link:
http://www.google.com/about/company/user-consent-policy.html.
By voluntarily using this website, EU Users consent to IASD’s data
collection, sharing, and usage as described above, as well consent to
IASD’s storing and accessing of cookies as described above. Any EU
user not consenting to such uses of data and cookies by IASD should
not use this website.
EU Data Subjects
This section applies if
you are an EU data subject (for these purposes, reference to the EU
also includes the European Economic Area countries of Iceland,
Liechtenstein and Norway and, where applicable, Switzerland).
IASD is the data
controller for processing Personal Data provided to us through IASD
Digital Assets. Our registered address is:
IASD, PO BOX 206, Novato,
CA
94948
Subject to applicable
law, you have the following rights in relation to your Personal Data:
Right of access:
If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your
Personal Data and, if so, provide you with a copy of that Personal
Data (along with certain other details). If you require additional
copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.
Right to
rectification: If your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete,
you are entitled to have it rectified or completed. If we have
shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the
rectification where possible. If you ask us, where possible and
lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your
Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to erasure:
You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data and we will do
so in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it (we may
not delete your data when other interests outweigh your right to
deletion). If we have shared your data with others, we will tell
them about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, where possible
and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your
Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to restrict
processing: You may ask us to restrict or ‘block’ the processing
of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as where you
contest the accuracy of that Personal Data or object to us
processing it. We will tell you before we lift any restriction on
processing. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we
will tell them about the restriction where possible. If you ask us,
where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom
we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to data
portability: Effective 25 May 2018, you have the right to obtain
your Personal Data from us that you consented to give us or that is
necessary to perform a contract with you. We will give you your
Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable
format. You may reuse it elsewhere.
Right to object:
You may ask us at any time to stop processing your Personal Data,
and we will do so:
If we are relying
on a legitimate interest to process your Personal Data — unless
we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing; or
If we are
processing your Personal Data for direct marketing.
Rights in relation
to automated decision-making and profiling: You have the right to be
free from decisions based solely on automated processing of your
Personal Data, including profiling, unless such profiling is
necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract
between you and us.
Right to withdraw
consent: If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Data,
you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This will
not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your prior consent.
Right to lodge a
complaint with the data protection authority: If you have a concern
about our privacy practices, including the way we have handled your
Personal Data, you can report it to the data protection authority
that is authorized to hear those concerns.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
We maintain reasonable
risk-based physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to
protect against unauthorized and accidental disclosure, use,
alteration, or destruction of personal data in our possession, and to
maintain the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience
of our systems, data, and services. We restrict access to Personal
Data to those individuals and third parties that need to know the
information to accomplish the business purposes described in this
Privacy Statement. We are committed to taking appropriate measures to
enforce compliance with this Privacy Statement. In addition, we
comply with applicable law for protecting Personal Data.
We provide reasonable
security controls to protect electronic Data that we receive from you
against foreseeable hazards, but please note that no data
transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Changes in Our Privacy Policy
IASD reserves the right
to make changes to our Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason
without prior notice. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be
posted on this page and other places we deem appropriate so that you
are always aware of our policies. We may also contact you by email
with changes. Additionally, we will update the “last updated”
date below.
LAST
UPDATED February 24, 2020
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Please read our Privacy & Cookie Policy Privacy & Cookie PolicyACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
IASD PRIVACY POLICY
The International Association for the Study of Dreams (“IASD”) believes that the protection and privacy of your Personal Data and Non-Personal Data (collectively “Data” or “Your Data”) is paramount and we value your right to privacy.  IASD strives to protect Data that we collect through your interaction with the IASD family of websites (“IASD Websites”), IASD social media tools (“IASD Social Media”) and other digital and non-digital spaces where IASD may collect Data (IASD Websites, and IASD Social Media, and other digital and non-digital spaces, respectively, and collectively, “IASD Digital Assets”).
Data you provide to us through your use of IASD Digital Assets helps to inform the IASD about how best to provide you with a fulfilling user experience as it relates to our mission.  Our goal is to ensure that Your Data is secure, and that IASD only uses Your Data subject to the terms and conditions set forth below.
IASD is committed to working with you to obtain a fair and rapid resolution of any queries, complaints, or disputes about privacy.  If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Statement, Cookie Policy or our information collection and data protection practices, please contact office@asdreams.org or 1-209-724-0889.
IASD Privacy Statement
By using IASD Digital Assets, you consent to the terms and conditions of this privacy statement and to IASD processing your data for the purposes stated below. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy statement, please understand that your use of IASD digital assets may not be optimized and in some instances you may not be allowed access to IASD digital assets that require IASD to verify you as an authorized user (for example, accessing IASD's educational platform or logging into your IASD account).
Data IASD Collects
You provide data to us to create your account or transact business with us
1. Personal Data
Personal Data may include name, postal address, telephone number, email address, payment and billing information, subscriptions or a combination of these and other Data. Credit card information is kept securely by the Membee Vault system, Stripe or Paypal and not available to IASD staff or members unless the member directly sends that information to the office.
2. Non-Personal Data
“Non-Personal Data” can be technical information or it can be demographic information, such as your ZIP code, other geolocation data or interests. Non-Personal Data can be information that is automatically collected through the use of cookies for instance.  Non-Personal Data does NOT identify you personally but may be tied together with other data to identify you. These are some examples of the Non-Personal Data that is collected via IASD Digital Assets and a description of how this information is used.
Internet Protocol (IP) address — Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data — such as the webpages you view. We use this information to deliver our webpages to you upon request, to tailor IASD Digital Assets to the interests of our Users and to measure traffic within our IASD Websites.
Cookies — IASD Websites use "cookies" to improve functionality and usability. We use this information for planning, tracking and to improve the technical functions of our sites and products. By using IASD Digital Assets, you are consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Statement.
3. Automatically Collected Data
When you visit IASD Digital Assets, we may automatically collect Data about you through the use of cookies. This Data includes the browser or operating system that you use, your IP address, the date and time you have viewed certain pages on IASD Digital Assets, by ways of example. Please see the “Use of Cookies” section below to find out more about how we use cookies and similar technologies.
How IASD Uses Your Data
We use your data to contact you, provide support for your membership, conduct surveys and personalize our services to you.
Except to the extent necessary to fulfill our business obligations as described in this Privacy Statement, we do not sell, transfer, or otherwise disclose to third parties any of the Personal Data that we collect directly from or about you.
We use Personal Data that is collected on IASD Digital Assets in the following ways:
To provide member related services;
To deliver services, such as educational programs, information or newsletters you request or purchase;
To alert you to special offers, updated information and other new services from IASD, other third parties, or to forward promotional materials;
To process your order and, if necessary, to contact you regarding the status of your order;
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you;
To request your feedback about your experience with IASD;
To notify you about a material change to this Privacy Policy, if necessary; and
To allow you access to limited-entry areas of IASD Digital Assets.
For other business purposes that help optimize your experience as you interact with IASD Digital Assets.
Cookies
Cookies are used to recognize users & members when they return to our site, to learn about which pages are most visited and to assist with a single sign-on across IASD digital assets.
Cookies are text files sent by Web servers to Web browsers and are stored on the user’s computer or mobile device. If the browser is loading a page and the server requests the Data stored in the cookie, the Data contained within the cookie is sent back to the server.
Cookies contain data about the user’s activities on a website and can be used by Web servers to identify and track Users as they navigate different pages on that website and can identify Users returning to that website.
Cookies may be either "persistent" or "session" cookies. IASD uses persistent cookies to enable our website to recognize you when you visit or return to an IASD Website.  Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until you delete them or until it expires automatically at its expiration date. Session cookies are temporary cookies that typically expire at the end of the web browsing session on a website.  IASD uses session cookies to keep track of you while you navigate IASD Digital Assets.  A session cookie expires at the end of the user session, i.e. when the Web browser is closed.
IASD uses cookies for:
Cookies contain Data that we have previously stored from prior interactions with IASD Digital Assets and may allow us to link to other Data we have about you (My IASD, previous purchases, subscriptions).
IASD Digital Assets use Data we obtain from cookies for the following purposes:
To recognize the user’s computer when the user visits the website.
To track some user actions only during the current website session.
To improve the IASD Digital Assets’ usability.
To analyze the use of the IASD Digital Assets.
To assist IASD with administering the IASD Digital Assets.
To share IASD Digital Assets User Data with our business associates for processing items such as class purchases, membership renewal or conference fees.
Managing Your Cookie Settings
Most browsers allow you to control cookies through their settings preferences. However, if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may limit your overall user experience, since it will no longer be personalized to you. It may also stop you from saving customized settings like login information.
Release of Data to Third Parties
The IASD member directories are by default available only to other IASD members in a members-only section of the site. All members’ names are listed in the directory, but members have the option to suppress names and all other information, as well as releasing information for the Public IASD Directory. Personal Data collected as a function of the IASD Digital Assets will not be released to third parties except to further the purpose for which you provided the Data and in the following instances:
The IASD Newsletter publishes names of new and renewing members. There is always an opt-out upon joining or renewing, and members and contacts opt-out at any time from sharing their names
IASD provides a list of names and email on a share-list post-conference for those participants that opt-in during registration.
To comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us, protect and defend our rights or property, including the rights and property of IASD and IASD Digital Assets or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our end users.
Forums, Chat Rooms and Other Public Posting Areas
Please note that any Data you include in a message you post to any chat room, forum or other public posting area is available to others. Although IASD scrutinizes all requests for Facebook Group admission, you should consider all posts as public.
If you don't want people to know your e-mail address, for example, don't include it in any message you post publicly. PLEASE BE EXTREMELY CAREFUL WHEN DISCLOSING ANY DATA IN CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF THE DATA THAT YOU DISCLOSE IN CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS.
Opt-Out of Communications
We communicate with Users on a regular basis via email. For example, we will use your email address to contact you regarding membership renewal and dues payments, IASD elections,  to confirm a request you have made of IASD, to send you notice of upcoming payments that are due, to send you information about changes to our products and services or to send notices and other disclosures as required by law. Generally, members cannot opt-out of these communications since it is necessary to keep members of informed of specific information regarding membership and actions related thereto.
IASD provides you the opportunity to exercise an opt-out choice if you do not want to receive other types of communications from us, such as messages or updates from us regarding new services and products offered on IASD Digital Assets or if you do not want us to share your Personal Data with third parties. For emails, you may opt-out by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link within the text of an email. We will process your request to unsubscribe as soon as possible, but please be aware that in some circumstances you may receive a few more messages until the unsubscribe is processed.
Your Choices & Obligations
Data Retention
We keep your Data for as long as you are a Member/Contact or as long as your relationship with IASD Digital Assets continues and as required by law. We retain your Data while your membership is active or as necessary to continue to provide services including fulfilling orders, accessing online courses, conferences and forums. This includes Data you or others provided to us and Data obtained from your use of IASD Digital Assets. There may be some instances where we retain Non-Personal Data in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access, change or delete Your Data if you have an IASD account by logging into your account. You can also email us at office@asdreams.org or call 1-209-724-0889.
We collect Your Data in many ways, most often where you provide it to us, and we provide you with several options for collecting, using and sharing of Your Data, including deleting or correcting Data you have provided to us.  We offer you settings to control and manage Your Data through your IASD member account.
For Personal Data that we have about you:
Delete Data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of Your Data (for example if you resign from being a member) and we will work hard to honor all requests in a timely manner.  In some instances, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data in order to comply with applicable laws (for example, it is necessary to keep the financial records of a transaction with you).
Change or Correct Data: You can edit some of Your Data through your IASD account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of Your Data.
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data: You have the right to see Your Data and take your data and we will work with you to be sure we can provide the most complete set of Your Data and a secure way to transfer Your Data.
Resignation/Account Closure: We will keep some of Your Data even after you resign your membership with IASD or close your IASD account in order to fulfill any final service requests.  Please note that we will retain Your Data even after you have resigned your membership or closed your IASD account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to “unsubscribe” from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized Data after your account has been closed.
Your Data may continue to be accessed by others until they refresh their cache.
Please note that IASD will not delete or restrict access to Data about you where you have published in an IASD journal or other IASD publication including our conference programs and newsletters.  We will not delete historical Data that reference your service to IASD.  We will not delete any comments or posts you have made on any of IASD’s social media accounts or on any other of IASD’s Digital Assets.
Website Security
No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any Data you transmit to us and you understand that any Data that you transfer to IASD is done at your own risk. However, IASD uses website security measures consistent with current best practices to protect its website, email and mailing lists. These measures include technical, procedural, monitoring and tracking steps intended to safeguard data from misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, loss, alteration or destruction.
Credit card data is transmitted using Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) encryption or Transport Layer Security (“TLS”). Member and purchaser Data are a high priority and we use our own protective measures, as well as the security of our software and hardware vendors.
We realize there can be incidents of misuse or unauthorized program incursions, as almost every website, service and user encounters. In those instances, our goals are to move quickly to isolate the problem, ensure or restore proper functionality and minimize any inconvenience to our Users. As appropriate and necessary, IASD will notify the relevant authorities of these incidents of misuse or unauthorized program incursions of the IASD website.
Data Retention
IASD retains information only as long as necessary to accomplish the business purpose for which it was collected and to comply with its legal, IRS and contractual obligations, and then securely disposes of that information or converts it into non-personal information by aggregating it, de-identifying it, or otherwise anonymizing it so that it does not directly or indirectly identify you and cannot, with reasonable efforts, resources, and technologies, be used to reidentify you.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding the IASD’s disclosure of personal data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at office@asdreams.org or 1-209-724-0889.
Children's Privacy
IASD Digital Assets, and the services IASD provides to its Users, are not directed to or intended for individuals under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal Data from children under 16. If we become aware that a child under the age of 16 has provided us with personal Data, we will take steps to delete such information. If you become aware that a child under the age of 16 has provided us with personal Data, please contact us at office@asdreams.org or 1-209-724-0889..
Assignment
In the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party, or in the event of a merger, you grant us the right to assign the personal and non-personal Data collected via IASD Digital Assets.
Contacting IASD
Users may contact IASD through email at office@asdreams.org or 1-209-724-0889. You may also mail us at IASD, PO BOX 206, Novato, CA 94948
EU User Consent
For Users of this website located in the European Union (“EU”), IASD follows the Google EU User Consent Policy found at this link: http://www.google.com/about/company/user-consent-policy.html. By voluntarily using this website, EU Users consent to IASD’s data collection, sharing, and usage as described above, as well consent to IASD’s storing and accessing of cookies as described above. Any EU user not consenting to such uses of data and cookies by IASD should not use this website.
EU Data Subjects
This section applies if you are an EU data subject (for these purposes, reference to the EU also includes the European Economic Area countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway and, where applicable, Switzerland).
IASD is the data controller for processing Personal Data provided to us through IASD Digital Assets. Our registered address is: IASD, PO BOX 206, Novato, CA 94948
Subject to applicable law, you have the following rights in relation to your Personal Data:
Right of access: If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data and, if so, provide you with a copy of that Personal Data (along with certain other details). If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.
Right to rectification: If your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have it rectified or completed. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the rectification where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to erasure: You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data and we will do so in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it (we may not delete your data when other interests outweigh your right to deletion). If we have shared your data with others, we will tell them about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to restrict processing: You may ask us to restrict or ‘block’ the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of that Personal Data or object to us processing it. We will tell you before we lift any restriction on processing. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the restriction where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to data portability: Effective 25 May 2018, you have the right to obtain your Personal Data from us that you consented to give us or that is necessary to perform a contract with you. We will give you your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You may reuse it elsewhere.
Right to object: You may ask us at any time to stop processing your Personal Data, and we will do so:
If we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your Personal Data — unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing; or
If we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing.
Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling: You have the right to be free from decisions based solely on automated processing of your Personal Data, including profiling, unless such profiling is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us.
Right to withdraw consent: If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your prior consent.
Right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority: If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we have handled your Personal Data, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
We maintain reasonable risk-based physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to protect against unauthorized and accidental disclosure, use, alteration, or destruction of personal data in our possession, and to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of our systems, data, and services. We restrict access to Personal Data to those individuals and third parties that need to know the information to accomplish the business purposes described in this Privacy Statement. We are committed to taking appropriate measures to enforce compliance with this Privacy Statement. In addition, we comply with applicable law for protecting Personal Data.
We provide reasonable security controls to protect electronic Data that we receive from you against foreseeable hazards, but please note that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Changes in Our Privacy Policy
IASD reserves the right to make changes to our Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason without prior notice. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted on this page and other places we deem appropriate so that you are always aware of our policies. We may also contact you by email with changes. Additionally, we will update the “last updated” date below.
LAST UPDATED February 24, 2020
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.