http://www.frbsf.org/site-policies
Readability Tools +
Dark Mode
Off
Reader Mode
Off
High Contrast
Off
Advanced Options
Font Size
+
-
Line Height
+
-
Letter Spacing
+
-
Word Spacing
+
-
Reset to Default
Skip to content
Our District
Site PoliciesFederal Reserve Bank of San Francisco Web Site Legal Notices
The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco provides this web site as a convenience to its customers, depository institutions and the public. By using this web site or the information, data, materials or software provided (collectively, the “Information”) on this web site you acknowledge and agree to the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, do not use this site.
Disclaimers
The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco takes reasonable measures to ensure the quality of the Information made available on this web site. The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco may periodically update the Information but makes no commitment to do so. By entering this site you acknowledge and agree that your use of the Information is at your own risk and that none of the parties involved in creating, producing or delivering this site is liable for any loss, injury, claim, liability or damage of any kind resulting in any way from: (a) any errors in or omissions from the Information; (b) the unavailability or delay of the Information; (c) your use of the Information or any conclusions you draw from it, regardless of whether you received any assistance from the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco or its employees with regard to the Information; (d) your use of any equipment in connection with the site or anything obtained from the site; or (e) the content of the site, including anything caused by any viruses, bugs or malfunctions. The views expressed by document authors do not necessarily reflect the views of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco or of the Federal Reserve System.
The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco provides relevant links to information and third party software outside of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco’s web site as additional resources. The linked web sites and third party software are not under the control of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco makes no warranty, express or implied, nor assumes any liability or responsibility for any information or software that is available through or linked to by this web site. The inclusion of links on this web site does not imply the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco’s sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation or approval of the sites or software, the entities or organizations managing the sites, any views expressed on the sites or any products or services offered. Reference on this web site to any specific commercial product, process, or service does not constitute or imply the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco’s endorsement.
THE FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO PROVIDES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUALITY AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF ANY INFORMATION ON THIS WEB SITE. ALL INFORMATION, DATA AND MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. THE FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY OTHER KIND OF DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION, OR ATTORNEY’S FEES) THAT ARE IN ANY WAY DUE TO, RESULTING FROM, OR ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE INFORMATION AVAILABLE FROM THIS WEB SITE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Appropriate Use
Unless otherwise specified on this web site, reproduction of any Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco Information contained herein may be made without limitation as to number, provided however, that it is not distributed for the purpose of private gain and it is appropriately credited to the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. This general policy does not apply to other web sites that may be linked to/from the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco’s web site, which are governed by the individual policies of those relevant web site providers. In addition, some Information contained on this site may be copyrighted by others, and permission to use such copyrighted materials must be obtained from the copyright owner and cannot be obtained from the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco.
Graphics and logos created by the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco and the “look and feel” of this web site, including the selection, coordination, and arrangement of the content included on the web site, are the property of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco and may not be used without permission. Any unauthorized attempts to upload or change Information, to defeat or circumvent security measures or to use this web site for other than its intended purposes are prohibited.
The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco does not permit the use of its name in advertising, as an endorsement for any product or service, or for any other commercial purpose.
User-Submitted Content and Content Licenses
You may submit content (“User Submissions”) in respect of the search function and you understand and agree that such submissions are not confidential. You are solely responsible for your own User Submissions and the consequences of submitting them.
In connection with User Submissions, you affirm, represent and/or warrant that:
You own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents and permissions to use and authorize the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco to use all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, other intellectual property rights or proprietary rights in and to any and all User Submissions to enable inclusion and use of the User Submissions in the manner contemplated by the search function and these Site Policies.
Your User Submission is not confidential and does not and will not: (a) infringe, violate or misappropriate any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; (b) slander, defame or libel any other person; (c) violate any contractual restrictions or other third party rights; or (d) violate these Site Policies; and
Your User Submission does not contain any viruses, adware, spyware, worms or other malicious code.
You retain all of your ownership rights in your User Submissions. However, by submitting User Submissions to the website, you hereby grant the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform the User Submissions in connection with the search function and the Bank’s business in any media formats and through any media channels without acknowledgment or compensation to you. You understand and agree that the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco may retain server copies of User Submissions that have been removed or deleted.
By submitting User Submissions to the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco’s website, you also hereby grant the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco’s website contractors, service providers and users of the Services a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to access your User Submissions through the Bank’s website, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform such User Submissions as permitted through the functionality of the website and under these Site Policies. Such licenses granted by you in User Submissions are perpetual and irrevocable.
You agree that you will not submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third-party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco all of the license rights specified in these Site Policies.
You agree that you will not submit material that is contrary to these Site Policies, which may be updated from time to time, or contrary to applicable local, national and international laws and regulations.
Consent to Monitoring
The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco monitors this site. By using this site you expressly consent to such monitoring and you are advised that if such monitoring reveals possible evidence of criminal activity, the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco will provide the evidence of such criminal activity to law enforcement officials.
Trademarks
Acrobat and the Acrobat logo are trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated. Other product and company names mentioned may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Applicable Law
This web site is controlled by the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco from its offices within the state of California, United States of America. By accessing this web site, you agree that all matters relating to this web site shall be governed and construed according to the laws of the United States, and the United States District Court for the Northern District of California in San Francisco shall have original jurisdiction over any disputes related to this web site. In the event of no applicable Federal Law, the laws of the State of California shall govern without regard to its conflicts of law rules. Each party waives its right to a jury trial. Those who choose to access this site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.