https://www.italiangrammar.com/terms
Home
Terms
Terms
By placing an order online at www.italiangrammar.com you will be deemed to have read, understood and agreed to our terms and conditions. Completion of the contract between you and Italian Grammar and Vocabulary Exercises and Activities takes place upon dispatch of the items ordered, unless you have notified us that you wish to cancel your order or we have notified you that we are unable to accept your order. No conditions or stipulations in or attached to the buyer's order which are inconsistent with the seller's terms and conditions of sale or which purport to add to them or modify them in any way, shall be deemed to have withdrawn or waived the said conditions or stipulations and to contract solely on the seller's terms and conditions of sale. Only Italian Grammar and Vocabulary Exercises and Activities has the authority to vary these terms and conditions. Pricing & Descriptions - Prices quoted are retail. Italian Grammar and Vocabulary Exercises and Activities reserves the right to change the prices or technical specifications of its products at any time without notice. All the product and price details listed in the Italian Grammar and Vocabulary Exercises and Activities website are correct at the time of publication. We accept no liability for errors or omissions contained therein or resulting from the misuse of any of the information provided. Payment - Individual items' prices are quoted in (£) Pounds Sterling. Payment must be made in full before orders can be released. Goods remain the property of Italian Grammar and Vocabulary Exercises and Activities until payment is received in full. In the event of having to re-present a cheque payment or credit card payment that is in arrears, Italian Grammar and Vocabulary Exercises and Activities understand and will exercise our statutory right to claim interest and compensation for debt recovery costs under the late payment legislation if we are not paid according to our agreed terms.Payments for all overseas orders shall be paid in (£) UK Pounds Sterling. Delivery - Your product will be available from the download link in your account directly after payment confirmation is received from our payment provider (PayPal).At no cost to the customer Italian Grammar and Vocabulary Exercises and Activities will replace or correct electronic files which have been partly received, misplaced or corrupted after downloading, providing we receive written notification of such problems within 14 days of the download date but not otherwise.Cancelling an order - In the unlikely event that you should need to cancel an order, please email us at info@italiangrammar.com. Please ensure that you include the following information:Customer name, order number, date of order. If your order has already been dispatched you can return any item to us within 21 days of downloading.We may refuse a transaction for any reason or refuse service to anyone at any time at our sole discretion.