https://www.liverpool.ac.uk/legal/website-terms-and-conditions/
Skip navigation
Search
Study with Liverpool
Study with Liverpool
Find a course
Select type
Any level
Undergraduate
Postgraduate Taught Courses
Postgraduate Research Degrees
Study in Liverpool
All study opportunities
Undergraduate
Postgraduate taught
Postgraduate research
Foundation courses
Access courses
International students
Continuing education
Study globally
Study in China
Study online
XJTLU 2+2
96%+ of our graduates are in employment or further study six months after graduation.
Our Research
Our research
Research
Research themes
A-Z of research groups
REF 2014
Postgraduate Research
PhD degrees
Liverpool Doctoral College
Research and business collaboration
Collaborate with us
Our successes
Research with real world impact
About Us
About us
Our story
About the University
Key people
Accounts and main documents
Strategy 2026
Key information
News
Events
Departments
Library
Alumni
Sports
Conferences
Jobs
Accommodation
Our locations
Maps
Contact us
Advancing knowledge to transform lives
Sign in
Staff
Students
A-Z
Legal & Governance
Freedom of InformationData ProtectionReporting a Data Loss or IncidentResearch ContractsPoliciesWebsite Terms and ConditionsCookie InformationContact us
University home > Legal & Governance > Website Terms and Conditions
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
Please read these Conditions of Use carefully. They apply to the website you were using which linked to these Conditions of Use (the “Site”). They govern your use of the Site and of all other University of Liverpool websites.
Access to and use of the Site is provided by The University of Liverpool on the following terms. By using the Site you are acknowledging that you have read and accepted these Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
We may change these Conditions of Use from time to time by updating this page. You should review this page regularly. Your continued use of the Site after changes have been made will be taken to indicate that you have read and accepted those changes. You should not use the Site if you are not happy with any changes to these Conditions of Use.
You agree to use the Site only in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use for lawful purposes, and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else’s use and enjoyment of the Site.
Prohibited behaviour includes (this list is not exhaustive) harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any person, transmitting obscene or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within the Site and impersonating another person.
1. Disclaimer
Every effort is made to ensure the accuracy and currency of the information contained in pages of the University of Liverpool Site and all subdomains thereof. However, contents are subject to change from time to time and the University can accept no liability for the accuracy of all the information presented at any given time.
The University reserves the right to make changes without notice. Some links may lead to information maintained by third parties and the University accepts no responsibility for the accuracy or any other aspect of information obtained through such links. Every effort is made to ensure downloadable content is free from viruses. The University can accept no liability for damages resulting from virus infection.
1.1. Study Programmes and Research Opportunities
Information on the University Site relating to taught study programmes and research opportunities is provided as advance publicity and for guidance purposes only. It does not constitute a contract.
Every possible effort is made to ensure that information on study and research opportunities is accurate and current. However, this information is subject to change without notice both before and after a candidate's admission. Candidates are advised to contact the relevant department before applying in order to confirm all details of what is currently available.
2. Copyright
All aspects of the University of Liverpool Site - design, text, graphics, applications, software, underlying source code and all other aspects - are copyright The University of Liverpool and its affiliates or content and technology providers.
In accessing the University web pages, you agree that any downloading of content is for personal, non-commercial reference only. No part of this Site may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without prior permission of the University.
For rights clearance please contact us.
2.1. Trademarks and Logos
The University has registered as trademarks the words:
University of Liverpool, The University of Liverpool and Liverpool University.
The University logo is registered with the College of Arms.
The University trademarks and logo may only be used in applications approved by the University, e.g. in official documents. They may not be used in any other context without the express consent of the University. Requests to use the University logo should be made by contacting us.
3. Personal Privacy
The University of Liverpool recognises the importance of personal privacy. This document explains how we collect and treat personal information on the Web.
University of Liverpool Online Programmes
The University of Liverpool works in partnership with its e-learning partner, Laureate Online Education BV (“Laureate”) in the promotion and delivery of a range of 100% online degrees via online.liverpool.ac.uk. View the Laureate privacy policy for the University of Liverpool Online Programmes.
University of Liverpool support for international students
The University of Liverpool works in partnership with Kaplan International Higher Education (“KIHE”). KIHE is authorised to publish content on the http://international.liv.ac.uk subdomain and its Personal Education Planners to contact enquirers from this site to assist them with their application to study at The University of Liverpool.
3.1. What information is collected, and how is it used?
The University web servers automatically collect standard, anonymous information, like the IP address of your computer, the browser software used, the operating system, access times, pages visited.
The use of your personal information in the above ways is necessary for the legitimate interests of the University in operating and improving its Site and subdomains, analysing their use, and ensuring their security.
Where you enter your personal information into an online form on any of our websites for a specified purpose, you will be advised how the information will be used (e.g. to send you newsletters or to enable your attendance at an event). At this time, you will also have the ability to give your permission to receive further relevant communications via your preferred method.
If you provide your email address by using subscription facilities or sending feedback, enquiries or requests by email, the personal information you provide (including your email address) will be used only to respond to your message or deliver the requested service.
On occasion you may be asked to provide some limited personal information (such as name, postal address, email address), when requesting publications, information or services via the University Site.
When providing this information, you may also be asked whether you wish to receive any further communication from the University of Liverpool thought relevant to you.
Any personal information you provide will be held in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and used only for the reason specified at the point of collection. We will not sell, licence or trade your personal details to any third party.
Personal information provided by you and any other information relating to you, held by the University of Liverpool, may be exchanged between organisations (such as KIHE) for the purpose of considering the application, used for the University's own management purposes, or occasionally shared with other organisations in line with legal compliance, for example, in the prevention of crime.
4. Accessibility of webpages
We are committed to making the University website accessible to as many different people as possible. The Site aims to be compliant with worldwide standards for accessibility. We believe that making our Site accessible improves the visitor experience for all.
What we've done
Here's some of the steps we've taken to ensure accessible web pages:
Using alt tags on images
Using sufficient contrast on colours
Using CSS to allow the separation of style and content
Providing alternative content where page elements are not accessible/unsupported
Captioning or providing transcripts for audio/video content
Publishing pages generated from valid HTML templates
Including “skipnav” links on all pages allowing visitors to jump directly to page content
Testing the Site and use of the pages with disabled visitors
Communicating best practice to all University web editors, encouraging the use of appropriate headings and clearly labelled links
Report a problem
If you find any problems accessing pages or content on the Site or would like to provide feedback, we'd like you to let us know. Please email webteam@liverpool.ac.uk.
Accessibility to software, services and campus buildings
For more information about software, services and access to computers on campus please visit our Computing Services webpage.
Disability support for students and staff
For more information about support for disabled students and staff please visit our disability advice and guidance webpage.
5. Security
Appropriate security measures are in place to protect against loss, misuse or alteration of information collected from you, including measures to prevent, as far as possible, access to University databases by parties other than the University of Liverpool.
6. Requests for Access
The gathering and processing of personal data is regulated by the Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Any requests for personal information held by the University should be made in writing to University's Data Protection Officer.
7. Contacts and Feedback
Any comments or feedback regarding this statement should be emailed to webteam@liverpool.ac.uk or sent by post to:
Head of Digital Communications University of Liverpool Foundation Building Liverpool L69 7ZX United Kingdom.
Legal & Governance
Freedom of InformationData ProtectionReporting a Data Loss or IncidentResearch ContractsPoliciesWebsite Terms and ConditionsCookie InformationContact us
Legal & Governance,
University of Liverpool
Foundation Building, Brownlow Hill,
Liverpool,
L69 7ZX
United Kingdom
+44 (0)151 794 2628
Call the department