https://www.valeport.co.uk/website-terms-conditions/
Your browser is no longer supported. Please
upgrade your browser
to improve your experience.
Products
Find a product by Groups
Find a product by Product Types
Find a product by Applications
Find a product by Parameters
Product Search
Browse all products
Back to products
Coastal
Inland
Offshore
Back to products
CTD & Environmental
Current
Echosounders & Bathymetry
Sound Velocity
Tide
Wave
Back to products
AUV ROV ASV
Hydrography
Hydrometry
Metrology & Positioning
Oceanography
Ports, Harbours & Dredging
Renewable Energy
Back to products
Chlorophyll a
Conductivity
Density
Depth
Fluorescein
Phycocyanin
Pressure
Rhodamine
Salinity
Temperature
Turbidity
Water Level
Back to products
Search
About Valeport
Corporate Social Responsibility at Valeport
Environmental
Latest news
Meet the team
Our philosophy
Save Our Seagrass with Valeport
Valeport history
Valeport’s premises
Articles
Contact
Cookie Policy
Our international distributors
Privacy Policy
Products
Services and Calibrations
Sound Velocity Sensors
Supplier Requirements
Anti-Bribery Policy – Supplier Obligations (“Policy”)
Anti-Slavery Policy – Supplier Obligations (“Policy”)
Anti-Tax Evasion Policy – Supplier Obligations (“Policy”)
Data Processing Agreement
Support
Resources
Support by product
Training videos
Support Form Response
Technology you can trust
Warranties and Repairs
Website Terms & Conditions
Home
Website Terms & Conditions
1. About our Terms
1.1. These Terms explain how you may use this website (the Site).
1.2. References in these Terms to the Site includes the following websites: www.valeport.co.uk, and all associated web pages.
1.3. You should read these Terms carefully before using the Site.
1.4. By accessing or using the Site or otherwise indicating your consent, you agree to be bound by these Terms and the documents referred to in them.
1.5. If you do not agree with or accept any of these Terms, you should stop using the Site immediately.
1.6. If you have any questions about the Site, please contact us by:
1.6.1. e-mail marketing@valeport.co.uk; or
1.6.2. telephone +44(0)1803 869292 ,
and we will endeavour to respond to your question without delay within our office hours.
1.7. Definitions
Acceptable use policy
means the policy which governs your permitted use of the Site;
Content
means any text, images, video, audio or other multimedia content, software or other information or material submitted to or on the Site;
Online terms and conditions for the supply of goods
means the terms and conditions [insert link to your online terms and conditions for the supply of goods], which will apply to you ordering goods using the Site;
Site
has the meaning given to it in clause 1.1;
Terms
means these terms and conditions of use as updated from time to time under clause 12;
Unwanted Submission
has the meaning given to it in clause 6.1;
We
means Valeport Limited, company registration number 01950444 and the registered office of which is at St Peters Quay, Totnes, Devon, TQ9 5EW (and us or our shall have the same meaning). References to we, our and us in these Terms also includes our group companies from time to time; and
You
means the person accessing or using the Site or its Content (and your shall have the same meaning).
2. Using the Site
2.1. The Site is for your use only.
2.2. You agree that you are solely responsible for:
2.2.1. all costs and expenses you may incur in relation to your use of the Site; and
2.2.2. keeping your password and other account details confidential.
2.3. The Site is intended for use only by those who can access it from within the UK. If you choose to access the Site from locations outside the UK, you are responsible for compliance with local laws where they are applicable.
2.4. We seek to make the Site as accessible as possible. If you have any difficulties using the Site, please contact us using the contact methods set out at section 1.6 above.
2.5. As a condition of your use of the Site, you agree to comply with our Acceptable use policy and our Online terms and conditions for the supply of goods, where applicable.
2.6. We may prevent or suspend your access to the Site if you do not comply with any part of these Terms, any terms or policies to which they refer or any applicable law.
3. Your privacy and personal information
3.1. Your privacy and personal information are important to us. Any personal information that you provide to us will be dealt with in line with our privacy policy, which explains what personal information we collect from you, how and why we collect, store, use and share such information, your rights in relation to your personal information and how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event you have a query or complaint about the use of your personal information.
3.2. Our privacy policy can be viewed by clicking the following link: Privacy Policy.
4. Ownership, use and intellectual property rights
4.1. The Site and all intellectual property rights in it including but not limited to any Content are owned by us, our licensors or both (as applicable). Intellectual property rights means rights such as: copyright, trade marks, domain names, design rights, database rights, patents and all other intellectual property rights of any kind whether or not they are registered or unregistered (anywhere in the world). We and our licensors reserve all of our and their rights in any intellectual property in connection with these Terms. This means, for example, that we and they remain owners of them and free to use them as we and they see fit.
4.2. Nothing in these Terms grants you any legal rights in the Site other than as necessary to enable you to access the Site. You agree not to adjust to try to circumvent or delete any notices contained on the Site (including any intellectual property notices) and in particular in any digital rights or other security technology embedded or contained within the Site.
4.3. Trade marks: ‘Valeport’, ‘Envirolog’ and our logo are our trademarks. Other trade marks and trade names may also be used on the Site. The use of any trade marks on the Site is strictly prohibited unless you have our prior written permission.
5. Software
5.1. Software may be made available for you to download in order to help the Site work better. You may only use such software if you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions that apply to such software (this is sometimes known as an ‘end user licence agreement’ or ‘EULA’). You will be made aware of any terms and conditions that apply to the software when you try to download it. If you do not accept such terms and conditions, you will not be allowed to download the software. You should read any terms and conditions carefully to protect your own interests (they may contain provisions that set out what your legal rights are under, eg, the Consumer Rights Act 2015, what your legal responsibilities are when using software, what the software provider’s legal responsibilities are, and provisions that limit a software provider’s legal responsibilities to you).
5.2. Using the software in an unlawful way (such as reproducing or redistributing it in a way that breaches these Terms and any others that apply to it) is expressly prohibited and may result in civil and criminal penalties.
6. Submitting information to the Site
6.1. While we try to make sure that the Site is secure, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you supply to us and therefore we cannot guarantee that it will be kept confidential. For that reason, you should not let us have any patentable ideas or patent applications, advertising or marketing suggestions, prototypes, or any other information that you regard as confidential, commercially sensitive or valuable (Unwanted Submissions). While we value your feedback, you agree not to submit any Unwanted Submissions.
6.2. We may use any Unwanted Submissions as we see reasonably fit on a free-of-charge basis (bear in mind that we have no way of knowing whether such information is confidential, commercially sensitive or valuable because we do not monitor the Site to check for these matters). Therefore, we will not be legally responsible for keeping any Unwanted Submissions confidential nor will we be legally responsible to you or anybody else for any use of such Unwanted Submissions.
7. Accuracy of information and availability of the Site
7.1. While we try to make sure that the Site is accurate, up-to-date and free from bugs, we cannot promise that it will be. Furthermore, we cannot promise that the Site will be fit or suitable for any purpose. Any reliance that you may place on the information on the Site is at your own risk.
7.2. We may suspend or terminate operation of the Site at any time as we see fit.
7.3. You may have certain legal rights when using the Site (such as if the Online terms and conditions for the supply of goods apply to you). These are also known as ‘statutory rights’ as they are derived from laws such as the Consumer Rights Act 2015. Where applicable, a summary of your key rights is set out at the beginning of the Online terms and conditions for the supply of goods.
7.4. Content is provided for your general information purposes only and to inform you about us and our products and news, features, services and other websites that may be of interest. It does not constitute technical, financial or legal advice or any other type of advice and should not be relied on for any purposes.
7.5. While we try to make sure that the Site is available for your use, we do not promise that the Site is available at all times nor do we promise the uninterrupted use by you of the Site.
8. Hyperlinks and third party sites
The Site may contain hyperlinks or references to third party websites other than the Site. Any such hyperlinks or references are provided for your convenience only. We have no control over third party websites and accept no legal responsibility for any content, material or information contained in them. The display of any hyperlink and reference to any third party website does not mean that we endorse that third party’s website, products or services. Your use of a third party site may be governed by the terms and conditions of that third party site.
9. Limitation on our liability
9.1. Except for any legal responsibility that we cannot exclude in law (such as for death or personal injury) or arising under applicable laws relating to the protection of your personal information, we are not legally responsible for any:
9.1.1. losses that:
9.1.1.1. were not foreseeable to you and us when these Terms were formed; or
9.1.1.2. that were not caused by any breach on our part;
9.1.2. business losses; and
9.1.3. losses to non-consumers.
10. Events beyond our control
We shall have no liability to you for any breach of these Terms caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control including, but not limited to, strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes; breakdown of systems or network access; or flood, fire, explosion or accident.
11. Rights of third parties
No one other than a party to these Terms has any right to enforce any of these Terms.
12. Variation
These Terms were last updated August 2020. No changes to these Terms are valid or have any effect unless agreed by us in writing or made in accordance with this clause 12. We reserve the right to vary these Terms from time to time. Our updated Terms will be displayed on the Site and by continuing to use and access the Site following such changes, you agree to be bound by any variation made by us. It is your responsibility to check these Terms from time to time to verify such variations.
13. Disputes
13.1. We will try to resolve any disputes with you quickly and efficiently.
13.2. If you are unhappy with us please contact us as soon as possible.
13.3. If you and we cannot resolve a dispute using our complaint handling procedure, we will:
13.3.1. let you know that we cannot settle the dispute with you; and
13.3.2. where applicable, give you certain information required by law about our alternative dispute resolution provider.
13.4. If you want to take court proceedings, the relevant courts of the United Kingdom will have exclusive jurisdiction in relation to these Terms.
13.5. Relevant United Kingdom law will apply to these Terms.