https://www.adelis-tech.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
ADELIS Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Adelis as data controller, collects, uses, maintains and discloses information from users (“User”) on the https://www.adelis-tech.com website (“Site”) in accordance with the Data Protection Act of 6 January 1978 as amended and with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2016/679/EU on the protection of personal data. This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Adelis.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from User (first name, name, job title, email address, telephone number, address) when User visits our site, subscribes to the newsletter, fills out a form or downloads documents (brochures, applications notes…), and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we may make available on our Site. User may visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from User only if he voluntarily submits such information. User can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except if it may prevent him from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about User whenever he interacts with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about User means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User web browser places cookies on his hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information. User may choose to set his web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert when cookies are being sent. If so, some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Adelis may collect and use User personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer serviceInformation you provide helps us respond to customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To improve our SiteWe may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
– To send periodic emailsWe may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to our products. It may also be used to respond to User inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, he will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information. If at any time User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent User personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
User may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, or other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
Adelis reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time by posting the revised policy on our website and updating the date the policy was last revised at the bottom of this page. We encourage User to frequently check this page for any changes. User acknowledges and agrees that it is his responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, User signifies his acceptance of this. If User does not agree with this policy, he should not use our Site. User’s continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed to constitute his acceptance of those changes.
Your Data protection rights
Right to access: User has the right to ask us for copies of his personal data.
Right to rectification: User has the right to ask us to correct his personal data when it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to deletion: User has the right to ask us to delete the personal data we hold about him under certain conditions.
How long we store your personal information
We could retain User personal information for a maximum of three years from the time they are collected by us.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at :https://www.adelis-tech.comemail : info@adelis-tech.com
This document was last updated on 13 January 2020.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok