http://www.rpworld.net/terms-of-use.html
LOGIN
HOME
SERVICES
CNC MachiningInjection MoldingUrethane Casting3D PrintingSheet Metal FabricationSurface TreatmentDesign For Manufacturing
MATERIALS
Select a MaterialComparison Guide
RESOURCES
Case StudyBLOGVideosFAQSDOWNLOAD
NEWS
Company NewsIndustry News
ABOUT US
Who We AreWHY RPWORLDEnvironmentalCertificationCompany CultureContact Us
HOME
SERVICES
CNC Machining
Injection Molding
Urethane Casting
3D Printing
Sheet Metal Fabrication
Surface Treatment
Design For Manufacturing
MATERIALS
Select a Material
Comparison Guide
RESOURCES
Case Study
BLOG
Videos
FAQS
DOWNLOAD
NEWS
Company News
Industry News
ABOUT US
Who We Are
WHY RPWORLD
Environmental
Certification
Company Culture
Contact Us
get a quote
Terms of Use
Date: September 18, 2016
Overview
The following are the terms of an agreement between you and INNORAPID. By accessing, or using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including export and re-export control laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this website.
INNORAPID may, without notice to you, at any time, revise these Terms of Use and any other information contained in this website. INNORAPID may also make improvements or changes in the products or services described in this site at any time without notice.
General
This website contains proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed.
INNORAPID grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited permission to access and display the web pages within this site as a customer or potential customer of INNORAPID provided you comply with these Terms of Use, and all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices remain intact. You may only use a crawler to crawl this website as permitted by this website’s robots.txt protocol, and INNORAPID may block any crawlers in its sole discretion. The use authorized under this agreement is non-commercial in nature (e.g., you may not sell the content you access on or through this website.) All other use of this site is prohibited.
Except for the limited permission in the preceding paragraph, INNORAPID does not grant you any express or implied rights or licenses under any patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other proprietary or intellectual property rights. You may not mirror any of the content from this site on another website or in any other media. Any media and other materials that are made available for downloading, access, or other use from this site with their own license terms will be governed by such terms, conditions, and notices. Your failure to comply with such terms or any of the terms on this site will result in automatic termination of any rights granted to you, without prior notice, and you must immediately destroy all copies of downloaded materials in your possession, custody or control.
Disclaimer
From time to time, this website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors, and we do not warrant the accuracy of any posted information. Please confirm you are using the most up-to-date pages on this website, and confirm the accuracy and completeness of information before using it to make decisions relating to services, products, or other matters described in this website.
If any term in this Terms of Use is found by competent judicial authority to be unenforceable in any respect, the validity of the remainder of this Terms of Use will be unaffected, provided that such unenforceability does not materially affect the parties’ rights under this Terms of Use.
Confidential information
INNORAPID does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our website. Please note that any information or material sent to INNORAPID will be deemed NOT to be confidential. By sending INNORAPID any information or material, you grant INNORAPID an unrestricted, irrevocable license to copy, reproduce, publish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, publicly display, perform, modify, create derivative works from, and otherwise freely use, those materials or information. You also agree that INNORAPID is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques that you send us for any purpose. However, we will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless: (a) we obtain your permission to use your name; or (b) we first notify you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of this site will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are required to do so by law. Personally-identifiable information that you submit to INNORAPID for the purpose of receiving products or services will be handled in accordance with our privacy policies. Please see the tab entitled “Privacy Policy” for information regarding INNORAPID’s privacy policies.
Business relationships
This website may provide links or references to non-INNORAPID websites and resources. INNORAPID makes no representations, warranties, or other commitments or endorsements whatsoever about any non-INNORAPID websites or third-party resources that may be referenced, accessible from, or linked to any INNORAPID site. In addition, INNORAPID is not a party to or responsible for any transactions you may enter into with third parties, even if you learn of such parties (or use a link to such parties) from an INNORAPID site. When you access a non-INNORAPID website, even one that may contain the INNORAPID-logo, please understand that it is independent from INNORAPID, and that INNORAPID does not control the content on that website. It is up to you to take precautions to protect yourself from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other potentially destructive programs, and to protect your information.
Linking to this site
INNORAPID consents only to links to this website in which the link and the pages that are activated by the link do not: (a) create frames around any page on this website or use other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of any content within this site; (b) misrepresent your relationship with INNORAPID; (c) imply that INNORAPID approves or endorses you, your website, or your service or product offerings; and (d) present false or misleading impressions about INNORAPID or otherwise damage the goodwill associated with the INNORAPID name or trademarks. As a further condition to being permitted to link to this site, you agree that INNORAPID may at any time, in its sole discretion, terminate permission to link to this website. In such event, you agree to immediately remove all links to this website and to cease any related use of INNORAPID trademarks.
Disclaimer of warranty
Use of this site is at your sole risk. All materials, information, products and services are provided “as is,” with no warranties or guarantees whatsoever. INNORAPID expressly disclaims to the fullest extent permitted by law all express, implied, statutory, and other warranties, guarantees, or representations, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary and intellectual property rights. Without limitation, INNORAPID makes no warranty or guarantee that this website will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free.
You understand and agree that if you download or otherwise obtain materials, information, products or services from this website, you do so at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damages that may result, including loss of data or damage to your computer system. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you.
Limitation of liability
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will INNORAPID be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages of any type whatsoever related to or arising from this website or any use of this website, or of any site or resource linked to, referenced, or accessed through this website, or for the use or downloading of, or access to, any materials, information, products, or services, including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, lost savings or loss of programs or other data, even if INNORAPID is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. This exclusion and waiver of liability applies to all causes of action, whether based on contract, warranty, tort, or any other legal theories.
©2003-2020 RPWORLD All RIGHTS RESERVED
ISO 9001:2015 Certified
Get Support or Quote