https://www.esa.org/public-policy/policy-activities-2/
Skip to main content
HomePolicyPolicy Activities
Policy Activities
Congressional Briefings
ESA sponsors or co-sponsors congressional briefings in which ESA members and other experts inform congressional staff on the science behind issues of importance to lawmakers, such as biofuels, wildfires, invasive species, and climate change.
Congressional Meetings
ESA’s public affairs staff arrange congressional meetings for Society members to connect with policymakers and discuss issues of concern to the ecological science community.
Congressional Exhibits
Since 1998, ESA has participated in a science exhibition held on Capitol Hill which showcases research and education projects made possible by funding from the National Science Foundation (NSF).
Policy Coalitions
ESA is active in several Washington, DC-based coalitions. These coalitions share information and engage in various policy activities throughout the year that are centered on supporting science.
Explore Policy Activities
Secondary Menu
Briefings
Coalitions
Congressional Exhibits
Congressional Field Trips
Congressional Visits
Journals and Publications
Owners of domestic cats (Felis catus) express diverse perspectives on their pets’ hunting behaviors and access to the outdoors. In some regions, policies focused on confining cats indoors, or otherwise regulating ownership, can lead to noncompliance and at worst may contribute to conflict. In the December issue of Frontiers, Crowley et al. explain how tailoring communications and management approaches to better align with owners’ perspectives could increase participation in attempts to reduce their pets’ impacts on wildlife.
Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment
Career OpportunitiesHarvard University Center for the Environment: Harvard University Environmental Fellows Program December 9, 2020Oglethorpe University: Assistant Professor of Biology (Tenure Track) December 7, 2020Harvard University: Postdoctoral Fellow in Terrestrial Ecosystem Dynamics December 3, 2020University of Texas at San Antonio: Endowed Chair/Professorship in the College of Sciences in Data-driven Climate Change Impact Research November 30, 2020Université du Québec en Abitibi-Témiscamingue: Canada Research Chair Tier II in paleoecology November 23, 2020
News
Managing Ecosystem Restoration: What Does Success Look Like?
Systems ecology-based methods from the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) to advance effective large-scale restoration projects.
Read Post
Nebraska anglers are creatures of habit
A study published in Ecological Applications shows that seven popular fishing spots across Nebraska consistently attracted visitors from the same ZIP codes, providing key insights for natural resource managers.
Read Post
Worm and Crayfish mutualism effects entire stream ecosystems
A recent paper by researchers at Appalachian State University and Virginia Tech, published in the journal Ecology, shows how some small worms can influence entire stream ecosystems.
Read Post
View All News
Instagram
Submit to our Instagram