http://www.seao.org/legal/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
This web site is owned and operated by the Structural Engineers Association of Oregon (SEAO), a non-profit association. We respect the privacy of our members and visitors, and are providing this Privacy Policy to inform you of what information we collect, and how we use this information and keep it secure.
Information Collection, Use, and SharingPersonally identifiable information is only collected when you voluntarily provide it by filling out a form, sending us an email, or making other direct contacts. We do not sell or rent this information to any third parties. We do, however, share this information with affiliated organizations as necessary to fulfill your requests for information or services, and/or to provide membership benefits (such as shared membership with NCSEA, Structure magazine, etc.) From time to time we will provide information about events or other products and services that we believe are valuable to our members. However, we carefully consider these and make every effort to guard against providing information that may be viewed as unwanted solicitations.
SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card information), it is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon on your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the web page address (the "s" indicates a secure connection).In addition to using encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only administrators who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are also kept in a secure environment.
Other Important InformationSEAO’s web site contains links to other web sites. We do not endorse or otherwise accept responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those sites. Additionally, some of our web pages may contain cookies, which are tiny data files that are sent to your web browser and stored on your computer. This allows our web server to recognize you when you visit the web site in the future. Most web browsers can be configured to not accept cookies, or to notify you if a cookie is sent. Denying a cookie access to your computer may deny you access to portions of this web site.By using this web site, you are agreeing to the terms of the SEAO Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to modify our privacy policy. We will post such changes on this web site. Therefore, users are advised to review this policy from time-to-time to maintain an up-to-date understanding of how information supplied is handled.