http://www.statease.com/about-us/terms-of-service/
Support
Contact Us
Log In
Software
Design-Expert®
Free Trial
Academic Licensing
Tutorials
Registration
Testimonials
Compliance Statements
International Distributors
Installation FAQ
Downloads & Updates
Learn DOE
Quick Start Resources
Distance Learning
On-Site Training
Webinars
Stat-Ease Academy (eLearning)
Student Testimonials
Consulting
Publications
Books
Case Studies/White Papers
The Stat-Teaser Newsletter
DOE FAQ Alert
Blog
Newsroom
Events
Event List
DOE Meetings
Webinars
Acceptance of TermsThe following terms of service (“Terms”) govern all use of the Stat-Ease, Inc. (“Company,” “we,” or “us”) web sites (collectively, the “site” or “sites”) which are run by, or under the control of, Stat-Ease, Inc. and all content, services, and products available at or through the web sites (collectively, “Services”).Our Services are offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the Terms contained herein and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time by Stat-Ease, Inc. (collectively, the “Agreement”).Stat-Ease, Inc. reserves the right to discontinue providing any of the services and information available on this web site, to make changes or updates to this web site, or to the products or programs described in this web site, or to these Terms at any time without further notice. Your continued use of this web site following such changes signifies your acceptance of the revised Terms and Conditions.Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using our Services. By accessing or using any part of our Services, you agree to become bound by the Terms of this Agreement. If you do not agree to all the Terms of this Agreement, then you may not access or use any of our Services. If these Terms are considered an offer by Stat-Ease, Inc., acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms.Updates, enhancements or changes to any of our web sites or Services are subject to these Terms.Our Services are not directed to children. Access to and use of our Services is only for those over the age of 13. If you are younger than this, you may not register for or use our Services. Any person who registers as a user or provides their personal information to our Services represents that they are 13 years of age or older.Your Account on our Web Site(s)If you create an account on any of our web sites, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the account.You agree to provide us with complete and accurate information when you register for an account.You will be solely responsible and liable for any activity that occurs under your username. You are responsible for keeping your password secure.You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized uses of your account, or any other breaches of security.We will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. However, you could be held liable for losses incurred by Stat-Ease, Inc. or another party due to someone else using your account or password.You may not use anyone else's account at any time, without the express permission of the account holder.No Unlawful or Prohibited UseAs a condition of your use of the Services, you will not use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. You may not use the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any Stat-Ease, Inc. server, or the network(s) connected to any Stat-Ease, Inc. server, or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of any Services. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any Services, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any Stat-Ease, Inc. server or to any of the Services, through hacking, password mining or any other means. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the Services.Use of Stat-Ease, Inc. SoftwareAny Stat-Ease, Inc. software (“Software”) which may be downloaded or is otherwise available from any of our web sites, unless otherwise expressly indicated, is licensed subject to either the written license agreement between you and Stat-Ease, Inc. or the click-on license which you agree to at the time of download or use (collectively, “License Agreement”).Any reproduction or redistribution of Software not in accordance with the License Agreement is expressly prohibited by law and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties.Warranties and DisclaimersSTAT-EASE PROVIDES NO WARRANTIES OR REMEDIES FOR THE SOFTWARE EXCEPT WHICH MAY BE PROVIDED IN THE LICENSE AGREEMENT. STAT-EASE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL STAT-EASE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ATTORNEY FEES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE, REGARDLESS OF THE PARTICULAR APPLICATION, USE OR PURPOSE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF STAT-EASE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. STAT-EASE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND/OR DOCUMENTATION WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SOFTWARE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE REMAINS WITH YOU. IF APPLICABLE LAW REQUIRES ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE, ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO 90 DAYS FROM THE DATE OF PURCHASE.IndemnityYou agree to indemnify and hold Stat-Ease, Inc. and its affiliated companies harmless for any and all claims or demands, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that arise from or otherwise relate to your use of this web site (including the services provided on this web site), any content you supply to this web site, or your violation of these Terms or the rights of another.Worldwide AvailabilityThe information published on any of our web sites may contain direct or indirect references to products, programs or services that may not be available worldwide. Such references should not be taken as an indication that said products, programs or services are available or will be made available in your country.Third-Party Materials on this Web siteThis web site may contain materials from third parties, including software in executable or source code form ("Third-Party Materials"). Access, use, and download of all Third-Party Materials are subject to the Warranties and Disclaimers set forth above. Permission to use any Third-Party Materials beyond the uses outlined above or otherwise explicitly stated must be obtained directly from the respective owners. Unless expressly stated otherwise, Stat-Ease, Inc. does not provide technical support for any materials posted on, downloaded from, or linked to from this web site.Further, Stat-Ease, Inc. does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to us or post, upload, input or submit to any Services, online communication channels, or any associated services for review (each a "Submission"). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, or otherwise providing ("Posting") your Submission you are granting us permission use your Submission in connection with the operation of our businesses including an unrestricted, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide, and fully transferable, assignable, and sublicensable right and license to use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, transmit, create collective or derivative works from, distribute, and to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed.Links to Third Party SitesAny links to third-party web sites found within this web site are provided solely as an added convenience to you. Stat-Ease, Inc. has neither reviewed the contents of these third-party web sites nor do we claim any responsibility for the content or suitability of these third-party web sites and we make no express or implied warranty about the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, merchantability, or any other aspect of the content of such links. The inclusion of links does not imply endorsement of the third-party web sites by Stat-Ease, Inc. or any association with their operators.Unsolicited User SubmissionsNeither Stat-Ease, Inc. nor any of its employees accept or consider unsolicited submissions of ideas of any kind from outside parties. Therefore, please do not send any unsolicited original materials, concepts or ideas to anyone at Stat-Ease, Inc. either through this web site or via any other means of communication. However, should you choose to ignore this request, please be advised that any unsolicited information or material sent to us or any Stat-Ease, Inc. employee will be deemed NOT to be confidential. Your submission of any unsolicited information or material grants to us an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute that information or material and any underlying intellectual property. In addition, Stat-Ease, Inc. is free to use, without restriction, any unsolicited ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose. The Stat-Ease, Inc. Privacy Statement will govern the disclosure of your name or any other personal information related to any such submissions.Copyright ComplaintsStat-Ease, Inc. respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you are encouraged to notify us by sending the following written information to Stat-Ease’s designated Copyright Agent:A physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on this web site, including the URL and date on which the material was displayed;Your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address;A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; andA statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.Stat-Ease’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:Designated AgentRefer to our Contact Us page for current address and contact informationGoverning Law and JurisdictionStat-Ease, Inc. web sites are controlled from its offices in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States of America. All matters relating to your access to, or use of, this web site shall be governed by U.S. federal law or the laws of the State of Minnesota. Any legal action or proceeding relating to your access to, or use of, this web site shall be instituted in a state or federal court in Minnesota. You and Stat-Ease, Inc. agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts in any such legal action or proceeding.Intellectual Property and TrademarksThis Agreement does not transfer from Stat-Ease, Inc. to you any Stat-Ease, Inc. or third party intellectual property, and all right, title, and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Stat-Ease, Inc.Stat-Ease, Inc., and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our web sites, products, or our Services, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Stat-Ease, Inc. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our Services may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of our Services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Stat-Ease, Inc. or third-party trademarks.Export Information and Compliance with LawsUnited States export laws and regulations apply to this web site and Stat-Ease, Inc. You agree to comply with all such applicable restrictions and may not access, download, use, or otherwise export, re-export, import, or distribute web site content (including any software) or any underlying information or technology except in full compliance with all laws and regulations of the United States and with those of any other country that may apply to the web site content.By accessing and downloading the web site content (including any software), you agree to the foregoing and represent and warrant that (1) you are not a party to whom the United States prohibits access to the web site content (including any software) (e.g. a listed or debarred individual or an individual involved in the proliferation of biological, chemical, nuclear or other weapons of mass destruction), (2) you are not located in, under control of, or a national or resident of any country to which export of the web site content (including any software) (e.g. a country that is subject to a United States embargo), is restricted by laws of the United States or other applicable laws and regulations, and (3) you will not share the web site content (including any software) with an individual whose status is described in (1) and/or (2) above.You are solely responsible for compliance with the laws of your local jurisdiction and any other applicable laws regarding the import, export, or re-export of the web site content (including any software). Stat-Ease and its resellers must export products in accordance with the laws and regulations of the United States. Stat-Ease, Inc. maintains export policies to ensure our compliance with such export laws and regulations. Each customer must comply with any export restrictions relating to end-users of the software.Changes to these TermsWe may update these Terms based upon evolving Laws, industry standards, or as we may make changes to our business including our Sites, Products and Services. We will post changes to our Terms on this page and encourage you to review our Terms when you use our Sites, Products or Services to stay informed. If you disagree with the changes to the Terms, you should discontinue your use of the Sites and/or Services.
Sales: sales@statease.com
Support: support@statease.com
Phone: 612.378.9449
International Distributors
News
Blog
Jobs
Newsroom
Events
Newsletter
Sign up for our bi-monthly newsletter with frequently asked questions about design of experiments.
Sign Up
© Stat-Ease, Inc. 2020. Design-Expert® Software is a registered trademark of Stat-Ease, Inc.
Privacy Policy. Terms of Service.