http://www.swcs.org/privacy/
Member Login
Shopping Login
Home
›
Privacy
Privacy
Updated January 17, 2019
1. Introduction
Soil and Water Conservation Society (SWCS) respects your right to privacy. SWCS collects and analyzes general usage information about visitors coming to our sites using server log analysis tools. This information is used to help us improve the quality of our sites and our infrastructure needed to support them. This policy describes the information that SWCS collects from you when you visit our website, as well as how we use this information. By accessing swcs.org, you acknowledge your full understanding of our privacy statement and willingly consent to the information collection and use practices described below.
For the purpose of this privacy policy “personal data” is any information allowing us to identify you, by reference to an identifier such as your name, identification number, location data, online identifier (including IP address), or one or more factors specific to your physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity.
2. Data Controller
For General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) purposes, the “data controller” is the Soil and Water Conservation Society, a professional nonprofit society located within the United States at 945 SW Ankeny Rd, Ankeny, IA 50023. We may be contacted at swcs@swcs.org or by using the contact information in the site footer.
3. Data We Collect
We may collect and process the following personal and usage data:
Contact information, which you provide, including, but not limited to, name, address, email address, phone number, and financial information.
Membership information and records, which you provide during the registration process or throughout your membership with SWCS.
Purchase information, including member dues payment, member or nonmember purchases through the online store, member or nonmember event registrations, and voluntary donations. This information may include financial information as well as information related to order content and shipping instructions.
Information submitted through online forms, which may assist us in improving services and products offered.
Cookies and usage data, which are automatically collected by use of the site. This includes technical information such as Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone, operating system, and visit records. You may use your browser to disable cookies or notify you when cookies are used. However, if you disable cookies, portions of our site and services may not function properly.
4. How We Use Your Data
SWCS only processes your personal data, including sharing it with third party contractors, where (1) we do so in order to fulfill services requested, (2) we are required by law, (3) processing is necessary for the purposes of our commercial interests, except where it may conflict with your personal rights and interests.
SWCS uses your data for the following purposes:
To provide customer and member services
To provide newsletters, updates, and special offers that we believe will be of professional benefit
To answer questions related to our services
To gather user analytics in order to improve our site and services
To monitor usage of our site and services
To allow you to participate in interactive features, such as commenting or responding to surveys, if you choose
5. Sharing Your Personal Data
We may share your personal data with a member of SWCS, with volunteers carrying out tasks related to our mission, with partners and subcontractors in order to provide member services or requested products, with trusted third-party companies that assist us in evaluating and improving our site and services, and with proper authorities if we are legally required to disclose such information or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal or fraudulent activities or threats to any person. As a result, your data may be processed, stored, or disclosed with trusted parties within and outside of the United States who demonstrate a similar commitment to protecting the privacy of personal data.
SWCS does not sell personal data without consent. We accept requests for contact information and member mailing lists only for use that will advance members’ professional knowledge and development. Members may opt out of these services by contacting swcs@swcs.org.
6. Term of Data Storage
SWCS stores personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which the data is collected and processed, unless otherwise required by law. We retain account information for as long as your account is active or for the extent that is needed to reinstate services after a lapse of membership. If you wish to cancel your membership or have your account information removed, please contact us at swcs@swcs.org. We will endeavor to delete personal data quickly upon request.
Usage data will be retained for internal analysis purposes to improve site functionality and related services.
7. Security
Data are stored on secure servers within the United States. However, we cannot guarantee the security of information provided over the Internet. Credit card information provided for purchases, dues, registrations, and donations are encrypted and secured. If you suspect a security breach, please contact us.
8. Children’s Privacy
Our sites are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child or a minor has sent data to our site without consent, please contact us so that we may take steps to remove the information from our servers.
9. Links to Third-Party Sites
This site contains links to other sites and services that are not owned by SWCS. These links provide information and resources and do not imply endorsement by SWCS. We take no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites and encourage you to review the privacy policies of any site visited.
10. Your Rights
If you wish to have any of the information that we have about you corrected or removed from our records and servers, you may do so by updating your member profile or by contacting us at swcs@swcs.org. If you wish to opt out of a specific communication or service, please update that preference in your SWCS member profile or contact us at swcs@swcs.org.
You have several rights in regard to your personal data:
Access to personal data. You may have the right to request access to any personal data we have about you. If you would like to review this information, please contact us in writing.
Correction of personal data. You may have the right to request rectification of any inaccurate personal data that we hold about you.
Erasure of personal data. You may have the right to request deletion of your personal data.
Objection to processing of data. You may have the right to restrict or withdraw consent to the processing of your personal data.
Your rights to access personal data may be affected by legal or regulatory requirements. In addition, your personal data may have been destroyed, deleted, or made anonymous, given our record retention policies and practices.
To exercise your rights, contact us at swcs@swcs.org.
11. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy at any time and will post the new policy on this page, along with an “effective” date at the top of the policy.
© 2020 Soil and Water Conservation Society All rights reserved.