https://www.geophysical.com/privacy-policy/
Products
StructureScan
StructureScan Pro
StructureScan Mini XT
StructureScan Mini LT
UtilityScan
GSSI’s Utility Scan Pro GPR
UtilityScan
UtilityScan DF
PaveScan RDM 2.0
RoadScan
BridgeScan
GS Series
200 HS Antenna
SIR Systems
SIR 4000
SIR 30
LifeLocator TRx
Antennas
RADAN Software
Accessories
View All
Solutions
Concrete Inspection
GSSI Utility Locating Equipment
Transportation
Environmental
Geology & Geophysics
Archaeology & Forensics
Search & Rescue
View All
Innovation Lab
Our Approach
Our Process
Our Lab
GSSI Academy
Training Schedule
Why Train at GSSI
Upcoming Events
Technology Explained
What Is GPR?
What is EM?
What is UWB?
Resources
Meet the Trainers
Contact Training
Support
Call Support
Helpful Resources
Email Support
Download Resources
FAQ’s
Regulatory Information
Contact
Where We’re Located
Call GSSI
Local Accomodations
Rental Companies
Email GSSI
Upcoming Shows and Conferences
Finance Information
About GSSI
Careers
GSSI News
Privacy Policy
Effective date: June 18, 2019
Geophysical Survey Systems, Inc (dba “GSSI”), and its affiliates and subsidiaries (together “GSSI”, “we”, or “us”), are committed to protecting your privacy. We want you to be familiar with and understand how we collect, use and disclosure your Personal Data. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect and process your Personal Data. This Privacy Policy relates to the GSSI website, (https://www.geophysical.com) (the “Site”).
The data controller is GSSI and can be contacted as explained below in the “Contact Us” section.
If you are located in the European Union (“EU”) or United Kingdom (“UK”), this Privacy Policy also informs you about the management of your Personal Data and your rights in accordance with Article 13 of the General Data Protection Regulation.
What Personal Data Do We Collect About You?
“Personal Data” is information that identifies you as a natural person, or is information which allows you to be identified.
When you contact us via the Site or download product manuals and software, we may collect from you:
Your name;
Your email address;
Your company name;
Your postal address;
Your telephone number
We also collect the following information about you through the cookies and tracking technologies we use on the Site:
IP address;
Device identifier;
Browser type and version;
General geolocation;
Language;
Browsing information;
Time and date of your visit;
Time spent on the Site’s pages;
Diagnostic data
Do Not Track
The Site does not collect personal information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. Therefore, “do not track” signals transmitted from web browsers do not apply to the Site, and we do not alter any of our data collection and use practices upon receipt of such a signal.
How Do We Use Your Personal Data?
We may use your Personal Data for the following purposes:
Communications with You
• To reply to inquiries or comments that you send or request of us;
• To contact you with information regarding product updates, newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you;
• To provide you with information about software or products; and
• To communicate order confirmations (for example, sales, training, field service)
Note that you may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
To Manage and Improve Our Business Operations
To provide you with access to the Site;
To serve the functions of the Site;
To manage everyday business needs, such as administering and improving the Site;
To analyze and improve the performance and functioning of the Site;
To analyze how you use the Site;
For internal operations, including troubleshooting, testing and analytics; and
To assist us in developing new products and improving our Site.
To Ensure a Secure Online Environment and Comply with Legal Obligations
Protect against and detect fraud, abuse, or other unlawful activity;
Enforce our Terms of Use, other corporate policies, and industry standards; and
Comply with all applicable laws and reporting obligations.
Basis for Processing
We process your personal data because:
You have consented to us doing so;
We need to fulfill a contract with you;
We need to do so to comply with a legal obligation we are subject to; and/or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the processing
Where we are processing your Personal Data because you have given us consent to do so, you can withdraw that consent at any time. You can contact us via email or web form if you wish to withdraw your consent to processing.
Who Do We Transfer Your Personal Data To?
We share information within the GSSI family of companies, including future subsidiaries and affiliates.
Service Providers
We employ third party companies and individuals to assist us in analyzing how our Site is used. We engage companies to assist us with maintenance of the Site, and management of the storage of data (including Personal Data) necessary for the operation of the Site.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. We enter into appropriate arrangements with these service providers to protect your Personal Data.
Other Third Parties
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personal Data. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also disclose your Personal Data
If we are required to do so by law or legal process including laws outside of your country of residence;
To law enforcement authorities or other government officials, as necessary, including outside of your country of residence;
When we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or suspected or actual illegal activity;
If necessary to protect the vital interests of a person;
To enforce our Terms of Use;
To protect our property, services, and legal rights;
To prevent fraud against us, our affiliates, business partners, or related third parties;
To support auditing, compliance, and corporate governance functions; or
To comply with any and all applicable laws.
Business Structure Changes
We reserve the right to disclose and transfer all information related to the Site, including personal data:
To a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Site; or
In connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, or restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our stock and/or assets, or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process.
How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Data?
We keep information we collect depending on the type of information, the purpose for which it is used, how sensitive it is, and similar factors. In general, we retain personal information for the length of time reasonably needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy, including as long as needed to provide products and services, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We will also retain and use information for as long as necessary to resolve disputes and/or enforce our rights and agreements.
We retain data as long as the following apply:
Consent: You have given us clear consent to process your Personal Data for specific purposes.
Contract: Some Personal Data is necessary if we have a contract with you or to complete specific steps before entering into a contract with you.
Legal Obligations: We may be required to retain or process data for legal requirements.
Legitimate Interests: The processing of your Personal Data is necessary for legitimate interests.
International Transfer
In certain circumstances we may transfer your Personal Data to countries outside your country of residence, including to the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. Where those countries do not have data protection laws that are recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EU standards, we will put in place adequate measures, such as Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission, to protect your Personal Data. You may request a copy of these measures by contacting us via email to security@geophysical.com.
Cookies
This section explains how and why cookies, web beacons, pixels, clear gifs, and other similar technologies (which we will refer to as “cookies” in this Policy) may be stored on and accessed from your device.
What are Cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit the Site to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use the Site. This allows the site to recognize your device from those of other users of the Site. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies. You can find more information at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
How Does the Site Use Cookies?
GSSI uses cookies to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences, and to track your use of the Site. We also use cookies to control access to certain content on the Site, protect the Site, and to process any requests that you make of us.
To administer the Site and for research purposes, GSSI has also contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from users of the Site. These third-party service providers use persistent cookies to help us to improve the user experience, manage the content on our Site, and analyze how users navigate and utilize the Site.
First and Third-Party Cookies
“First party cookies” are cookies that belong to GSSI and that GSSI places on your device. “Third-party cookies” are cookies that another party places on your device through our Site. GSSI also contracts with third-party service providers to send e-mails to users who have provided us with their contact information. To help measure and improve the effectiveness of our e-mail communications, to determine whether messages have been opened and links clicked on, the third-party service providers place cookies on the devices of these users. All Personal Data collected by this third-party service provider on behalf of GSSI is used solely by or on behalf of GSSI and is shared externally only on an anonymous, aggregated basis.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies: We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the Site. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you use the Site.
Session Cookies: These cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to the Site.
The Personal Data collected by the Site through cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above.
Our cookies are used for the following purposes:
Cookie Type
Purpose
Strictly necessary/ Technical
These cookies are necessary to allow us to operate the Site so you may access them as you have requested. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged into that account to access content on the Site. They also include cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure the Site.
Analytical /Performance
These cookies are used by us or our business partners to analyze how the Site is used and how it is performing. For example, these cookies track what pages are most frequently visited, and what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Site, these cookies may be correlated to you. These cookies include, for example, Google Analytics cookies (about which see further below).
Functionality
These cookies let us operate the Site in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to “remember” you in-between visits. For example, we will recognize your user name, and remember how you customized the Site and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Third-Party Advertising
[Query relevance]
We may allow our business partners to use cookies on our Site for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The business partners that generate these cookies, such as Adobe and Google, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertising to you on other websites, based on your visit to the Site.
For more information about cookies, please see the UK Information Commissioner’s website home page (www.ico.org.uk) or the Interactive Advertising Bureau.
How Do I Refuse or Withdraw My Consent to the Use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help’ / ‘tool’ or ‘edit’ section or see www.allaboutcookies.org. Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including strictly necessary cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of the Site.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time. However, this will not prevent the Site from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our website. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on our Site available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Third Party Links
At our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We claim no responsibility or liability for the content and / or activities of these third parties, though we welcome any feedback about them. Please contact us using the details in the “Contact Us” section below.
Notice to Residents of the European Union or the United Kingdom — Your Privacy Rights
If you are resident in the European Union or the United Kingdom, you have certain rights over your Personal Data that we process about you. These are summarized below. If you would like to exercise any of the rights described below, please contact us via email to security@geophysical.com.
Right of Access: You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether we are processing Personal Data about you, and if so, to request a copy of the information. To help protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, before granting access to your information.
Right to Rectification: You have the right to correct any inaccuracies in the information that we hold about you and, where applicable, complete any incomplete information that we hold.
Right to Erasure: You have the right to request that we erase Personal Data that we hold about you, subject to certain conditions.
Right to Restrict Processing: You have the right to restrict our processing of your information, subject to certain conditions.
Right to Object: You have the right to object to processing of your Personal Data based on our legitimate interests at any time. We will no longer process the information, unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for our processing that override your interests or the processing serves the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims.
Right to Withdraw Consent: When data processing is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before such withdrawal.
Right to Data Portability: You also have a right to data portability when the data processing is based on consent or on a contract between you and OYO and the Personal Data was processed by automated means. You may exercise these rights by submitting a written request via email.
Right to Lodge a Complaint: You have the right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority or data protection regulator in your jurisdiction.
Should you wish to exercise any of your rights over your Personal Data, please contact us via email at geophysical.com.
Notice to California Residents: Your Privacy Rights
As a resident of California, you have certain rights over the Personal Data that we collect and disclose to third parties. These are summarized below. If you would like to submit an access request, please contact us at 603-893-1109 or at https://www.geophysical.com.
Right of Access: You have the right to request that we disclose to you the Personal Data that we may have collected about you or disclosed to third parties in the previous 12 months. Such information will be provided to you in a portable and readily usable format. To help protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity.
Right to Erasure: You have the right to request that we erase Personal Data that we hold about you, subject to certain conditions.
Right to Non-Discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
How We Protect Personal Data
We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of the information you provide when visiting or using the Site.
Please note that the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the safety of your personal information transmitted via the internet and any such transmission is at your own risk.
Caching
This site utilizes page caching and browser caching in order to facilitate a faster response time and better user experience. Caching potentially stores a duplicate copy of every web page that is on display on this site. All cache files are temporary, and are never accessed by any third party, except as necessary to obtain technical support from the cache plugin vendor. Cache files expire on a schedule set by the site administrator, but may easily be purged by the admin before their natural expiration, if necessary.
Children’s Privacy
Our website does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from Children. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children have provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from Children, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Contact Us
The data controller for the purposes of this Site is GSSI. You can contact us via email at security@geophysical.com or our web form under Contact Us on our website should you have any queries about this Privacy Policy.
We hope that if you have any concerns or questions about the way that we process your Personal Data, you will contact us. However, if you are a resident of the European Union or the United Kingdom, you also have the ability to lodge a complaint with an appropriate data protection authority.
Privacy Policy
This online Privacy Policy applies to information collected through our website and not information collected offline. By using our site, you consent to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Security policies. Please read these documents carefully.
We reserve the right to change these policies at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that increase our rights to use Personal Data we have previously collected about you, we will first obtain your consent where required by law. If we intend to further process collected personal data for a purpose other than that for which the personal data were collected, prior to that further processing, we shall provide you with information on that other purpose and with additional information necessary to ensure fair and transparent processing.
Contact Us
If you have questions about our privacy policy or have a GDPR inquiry, please provide the following information and we will contact you shortly.
GDPR Inquiry
Comments/Questions: *
Please note that we've recently updated our Privacy Policy. Learn MoreI Agree