http://www.harvardapparatus.com/customer-service/terms-and-conditions
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
HARVARD APPARATUS INC. ("HAI")WEB SITE TERMS OF USE AND LEGAL RESTRICTIONS ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE. USING THIS WEB SITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS ("TERMS"),
DO NOT USE THIS WEB SITE.
Use of Site: HAI authorizes you to view and download the materials at this web site ("Site") only for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials on any copies
of the materials. You may not modify the materials at this Site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose. For purposes of these Terms, any use of these materials
on any other web site or networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. The materials at this Site are copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any materials at this Site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material. Nothing contained on this Site should be considered as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademarks, logos, or other names, including, but not limited to, those identifying HAI or our products and services displayed on the Site, without our express written consent or the express written consent of such third parties that may own such trademarks, logos and other names displayed on this Site.
If you breach any of these Terms, your authorization to use this Site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials.
Use of Software: If you download software from this Site ("Software"), use of the Software is subject to the license terms in the Software License Agreement that accompanies or is provided with the Software. You may not download or install the Software
until you have read and accepted the terms of the Software License Agreement.
User Submissions: Any material, information or other communication you transmit or post to this Site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary ("Communications"). HAI will have no obligations with respect to the Communications. By submitting Communications to HAI you represent and warrant that you have the full rights and authority to submit such Communications, and that none of such Communications are subject to any copyright or other proprietary right of a third party.
HAI will have no obligations with respect to the Communications. You hereby grant HAI and its designees a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, you are
prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law. You hereby grant HAI and its designees a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual,
irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, distribute and sub-license the Communications (and all data, images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein) submitted by you to this Site and/or to incorporate it in other works regardless of form, medium or technology
for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law.
User Chat Rooms: HAI may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review any areas on the Site where users transmit or post Communications or communicate solely with each other, including but not limited to chat rooms, bulletin boards or other user forums,
and the content of any such Communications. Your participation in on-line communications occurs in real-time and is not edited, censored, or otherwise controlled by us. Further, we cannot and do not screen content provided by users of this Site.
HAI, however, will have no liability related to the content of any such Communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. You agree, however, that we have the right to monitor this Site electronically from time to time to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation, or other governmental request, to operate our services properly, or to protect ourselves or our subscribers.
Subscribe
Cancel
To Top