https://www.petrochemistry.eu/terms-of-use/
Terms of use
Last updated: 20th of September 2018 Welcome to the Petrochemicals Europe’s website (www.petrcochemistry.eu). By accessing or using our website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy and cookies policy govern Petrochemicals Europe (an industry sector of Cefic)’s relationship with you in relation to our website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, and any documents referred to herein, you must not access or use our website. The term ‘Petrochemicals Europe’ (an industry sector of Cefic) or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose is a non-profit organisation registered in Belgium with VAT BE 0412 849 915 and whose registered office is Avenue E. Van Nieuwenhuyse 4 B-1160 Brussels, Belgium. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website. The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. Our privacy policy provides you with transparent and clear information about the data protection practices and policies of Cefic to let you understand, in accordance with the applicable legislation, how and why we collect and use your personal data. We recommend you read this privacy policy carefully, which is available at https://www.petrochemistry.eu/privacy-policy/ Our cookie policy explains what cookies are and how they are used on our website to optimize your browsing experience and simplify transactions online. Our cookies policy, which is available at https://www.petrochemistry.eu/cookies-policy/ Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law. Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements. This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions. The Cefic and Responsible Care logos are trademarks registered by Cefic, in Europe. Therefore, these logos/trademarks are subject of the proprietary rights of Cefic; no rights are being granted.Other trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to Cefic, are acknowledged on the website. Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence. From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
ALL CONTENT IS COPYRIGHT OF PETROCHEMICALS EUROPE © 2013 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED