https://www.fishersci.com/us/en/footer/shipping-policy-.html
Shipping Policy
Fisher Scientific
Fisher Healthcare
Fisher Science Education
Sign Up for Email
NEW  Help & Support Center ›+1-800-766-7000
0
No offer available
Chemical Structure
Certificates
Safety Data Sheets
Order Status
Special Offers & Programs
Order By Catalog Number
Shop Products
Antibodies & Protein Biology
Antibodies & Protein Biology
Antibody Production and Purification
Electrophoresis, Western Blotting and ELISA
Precast Electrophoresis Gels
Primary & Secondary Antibodies
View All Antibodies
Antibodies Advanced Search
Biochemicals and Reagents
Biological Buffers
Custom Services and Products
Enzymes and Inhibitors
View All Protein Biology
View All Life Sciences
Balances, Scales & Weighing
Balances, Scales & Weighing
Balance Accessories
Calibration Weights
Laboratory Balances
Microbalances
Scales
Weighing Papers and Dishes
Cell Culture & Analysis
Cell Culture & Analysis
Cell Culture Dishes, Plates and Flasks
Cell Culture Media
Cryogenic Storage
Fetal Calf and Other Sera
Serological Pipettes
View All Cell Culture
Bioprocess Systems And Accessories
Cell Based Assays
Flow Cytometry
Microscopes and Cellular Imaging
View All Cell Analysis
View All Life Sciences
Custom DNA Oligos, RNAi & Assays
R&D Systems™ Luminex™ Assays Tool
Centrifuges & Microcentrifuges
Centrifuges & Microcentrifuges
Benchtop Centrifuges
Centrifugal Filter Devices
Centrifuge Accessories
Centrifuge Adapters
Centrifuge Buckets
Floor Model Centrifuges
Microcentrifuges
Rotors
Tubes and Bottles
Chromatography
Chromatography
Autosampler Vial Crimpers and Decappers
Autosampler Vials, Caps, and Closures
Chromatography and Mass Spectrometry Reagents
Chromatography Columns and Cartridges
Chromatography Syringes
Chromatography Water
Gases and Gas Accessories
Paper Chromatography Products
Solid Phase Extraction Products
TLC Products
Chemicals
Chemicals
Acids and Bases
Analytical and Chromatography
Biochemicals and Diagnostics
Buffers
Heterocyclic Compounds
Chemical Substructure Search
Organic Compounds
Organometallics
Salts and Inorganics
Solutions
Solvents
Standards
Equipment & Instruments
Equipment & Instruments
Balances, Scales and Weighing
Microscopes
pH Meters
Pumps and Tubing
Refractometers
Refrigerators
Shakers, Rockers, and Rotators
Stirrers and Stir Bars
Thermometers
Timers
Forceps, Spatulas & Utensils
Forceps, Spatulas & Utensils
Clamps and Supports
Dissection and Surgical Tools
Knives and Scalpels
Samplers
Scissors
Spatulas
Stir Bars and Rods
Syringes and Syringes with Needles
Tongs
Tweezers and Forceps
Furniture, Storage, Carts & Hoods
Furniture, Storage, Carts & Hoods
Boxes and Shipping Supplies
Chairs and Stools
Carts
Desks and Workstations
Laboratory Hoods and Enclosures
Safety Cabinets
Shelving
Storage Cabinets
Supply Dispensers
Tables
Glassware & Plasticware
Glassware & Plasticware
Beakers
Bottles, Jars and Jugs
Carboys
Clamps, Stands and Supports
Coverslips
Dishes
Microplates
Racks for Tubes and Vials
Syringes
Tubes
Heating & Cooling
Heating and Cooling
Burners and Lighters
Heaters and Heating Mantles
Hotplates and Hotplate Stirrers
Incubators
Ovens
View All Heating Equipment
Freezers
Liquid Nitrogen Storage Equipment
Refrigerators
Refrigerators and Freezer Accessories
Insulated Containers
View All Cooling Equipment
PCR & Molecular Biology
PCR & Molecular Biology
Thermal Cyclers
PCR and qPCR Reagents and Kits
PCR Tubes
PCR Plates
Oligonucleotides
RNAi and RNA Reagents
DNA Extraction and Purification
View All PCR
Biochemicals and Reagents
Biological Buffers
View All Molecular Biology
View All Life Sciences
Oligos and RNAi Tools
Eurofins MWG Operon Oligos Tool
Invitrogen™ Custom DNA Oligos Tool
Invitrogen™ Custom RNAi Tool
pH and Electrochemistry
pH and Electrochemistry
Chlorine and pH Test Kits and Test Strips
Combination Ion Selective Electrodes
Dissolved Oxygen and BOD Probes
Electrochemistry
Electrodes and Accessories
Micro pH Electrodes
pH Meters
pH paper and Buffers
Portable Conductivity Meters
Portable Dissolved Oxygen Meters
Pipets, Pipettes, Syringes & Needles
Pipets, Pipettes, Syringes & Needles
Serological Pipets
Volumetric Pipets
Pipettes
Pipette Tips and Racks
Dispensers
All Pipets, Pipetters and Tips
Syringes and Syringes with Needles
Needles
Syringe Filters
Sharps Containers
All Syringes and Needles
Safety, Gloves, Glasses & Cleaning
Safety, Gloves, Glasses & Cleaning
Autoclave Bags
Biohazard Bags
Cleaning Supplies
Disposable Exam Gloves
First Responder Products
Glasses, Goggles, and Face Protection
Hazardous Material Storage and Disposal
Lab Coats, Aprons, and Apparel
Sharps Disposal Containers
Wipes and Absorbent Pads
Teaching Supplies
Teaching Supplies
Biology Classroom
Biotechnology
Chemistry Classroom
Classroom Furniture
Classroom Glassware and Plasticware
Classroom Safety
Classroom Science Lab Equipment
Environmental Science
Physics Classroom
STEM and Career Education
Testing & Filtration
Testing and Filtration
Bottle Tops and Filter Units
Extraction Thimbles
Filter Holders and Hardware
Filter Paper
Filtering Funnels
Food and Beverage Testing
Glass Fiber Filters and Prefilters
Membranes for Filtration
Syringe and Syringeless Filters
Water Testing and Environmental Analysis
Tubes & Vials
Tubes and Vials
Centrifuge Tubes
Microcentrifuge Tubes
PCR Tubes
Test Tubes
Tube Racks and Storage
Autosampler Vials, Caps, and Closures
Cryogenic Storage Vials
Sample Vials
Scintillation Vials
Vial Racks and Storage
RNAi, Oligos, Assays, Gene Editing & Gene Synthesis Tools
RNAi, Oligos, Assays, Gene Editing & Gene Synthesis Tools
Oligos Tools
Eurofins MWG Operon Oligos Tool
Invitrogen™ Custom DNA Oligos Tool
Invitrogen™ Custom RNAi Tool
Assay Tools
Applied Biosystems™ TaqMan® Assay and Arrays Search Tool
Applied Biosystems™ TaqMan® Custom Assay Design Tools
Applied Biosystems™ Custom qPCR Primers and TaqMan® Probes Tool
R&D Systems™ Luminex™ Assays Tool
Gene Editing and Gene Synthesis Tools
Invitrogen™ GeneArt™ Gene Synthesis and Strings™ DNA Fragments Tool
See All Categories
Sign In
My
Account
My Lists
Account Profile
Order By Catalog Number
Register for an Account
Sign In
Please sign in to view account pricing and product availability.
Sign In
Don't have a profile?Register
0
Fisher ScientificShipping Policy
Shipping Policy
Shipping Policy
Welcome to Fisher Scientific Co. L.L.C., ("us," "we," "our," "Fisher Scientific," "Fisher," or "Distributor"), a Web site focused on the sale of laboratory, healthcare, and safety products ("Products") to businesses and other entities via the Internet. In order to help make our site ("Web site") a trustworthy and safe place to buy goods, all users ("you", "your" or "Subscriber") of our service are required to accept and comply with our Web Site Use Agreement, which includes acceptance of, and compliance with, all of the terms and conditions provided herein, as amended from time to time.
This Web site provides an Internet-based venue for the sale and purchase of Products distributed by Fisher and manufactured by Fisher, and other leading manufacturers and suppliers (our "Suppliers"). This Web Site Use Agreement explains the contractual agreement between you and us regarding your use of our Web site, as well as the terms and conditions applicable to your purchase of Products on our Web site (collectively, the "Terms of Use").
If you have any questions regarding Fisher Scientific's Shipping Policy, please contact us at 1-877-885-2081.
Your use of the Web site signifies your legal and binding agreement to all the terms and conditions set forth in our Web Site Use Agreement, in any privacy policy, as well as any other agreement related to your use of this Web site including, but not limited to, any terms and conditions of purchase.
Fisher Scientific can be contacted by mail at 300 Industry Drive, Pittsburgh, PA 15275, Attention: Communications Dept.; or by e-mail at Webmaster@fishersci.com. The Web server on which this Web site is housed is owned and maintained by Fisher Scientific.
Terms of our Shipping Policy are outlined below and apply to www.fishersci.com. Our Web site also includes separate sections outlining our Return/Refund Policy and our Privacy Policy.
Order Placement and Charges.
Registering on our Web site is free to eligible Subscribers. Subscribers may purchase any of the Products provided on the Web site at the prices designated on the Web site by selecting Products for purchase and completing our electronic order form (an "Order"). Distributor charges Subscribers according to the terms of your written contract with Distributor, or, in the absence of any such contract, according to Distributor's practices from time to time for shipping and handling costs and applicable sales taxes. All charges for Products ordered are displayed to the Subscriber on the pending Order prior to placement of the Order by Subscriber. Distributor expressly disclaims any representation or warranty concerning "most favored customer" pricing in connection with the sale of any Products by Distributor to Subscribers.
Product Delivery.
General. Subscriber hereby acknowledges and agrees that all Products ordered on the Web site shall be shipped by Fisher or drop shipped by the applicable manufacturer or other supplier using our authorized carrier or a carrier authorized by the applicable manufacturer or supplier (the "Designated Shipper") and delivered to Subscriber's designated delivery location, FOB Destination. Distributor and its suppliers cannot ship to post office boxes.
Delivery Subject to Product Availability. Although Distributor has attempted to ensure that the inventory availability of Products is properly designated on the Web site for many Products, Subscriber acknowledges that from time-to-time even those Products designated as in inventory will not be available at time of shipment. If an Order cannot be shipped in its entirety by the close of business the day following placement of the Order, Distributor will promptly notify Subscriber, and provide an estimated shipment date for those items which are unavailable. Distributor reserves the right to substitute alternate products with equivalent specifications for those ordered. Subscriber shall have the right to return any substituted products at no charge by following the return goods policy as stated herein. Distributor further reserves the right to make delivery in installments for those items of an Order, which are available for immediate shipment, and to bill Subscriber separately for any such items delivered. Subscriber may cancel those items on the Order that are subject to the delay by notice to Distributor within 48 hours of receipt of the delay notification, provided that such Products have not yet been shipped. If Distributor receives no such notice of cancellation, the estimated product availability and shipment date will be deemed accepted. The foregoing sets forth Distributor's entire obligation with regard to Product availability and shipment delays. Distributor shall not be liable for any late shipment or any failure to ship any Product(s).
Tracking Number. Upon issuance of an Order by Subscriber for Products on the Web site, Distributor shall immediately generate a tracking number and notify the Subscriber and the Supplier(s) of the logistical information associated with pickup and delivery of the Product(s) by the Designated Shipper. You may track the status of shipments relating to any Order you place using the tracking number on our Web site.
Installation. Subscriber shall make available a suitable place for equipment installation within its facilities in accordance with applicable installation specifications and procedures. Subscriber shall furnish all labor required to place the Products in the desired location. Distributor or the manufacturer, as applicable, shall install the Products in accordance with their customary procedures.
Product Acceptance.
Immediately upon receipt of Products shipped hereunder, Subscriber shall inspect the Products and notify Distributor in writing of any claims for order or shipping errors, shortages, defects or damages and shall hold any such goods for Distributor's written instructions concerning disposition. If Subscriber fails to notify Distributor within five (5) days after receipt of Products, the Products shall conclusively be deemed to conform to the terms provided herein and shall be irrevocably accepted by Subscriber.
Payment for Products Ordered.
Distributor shall automatically charge Subscriber's account for all Orders. In the event Subscriber does not have an account with a chargeable balance adequate to cover the Order amount, Distributor shall charge the Order to the credit card account authorized by Subscriber. The amount of payment due shall be that amount reflected in each Order at time of Order placement by Subscriber, comprised of the price of Products ordered at the time of Order placement, applicable shipping charges, and applicable taxes reflected in the Order. Unless otherwise agreed to by the Distributor in a written contract with Subscriber, payment shall be due promptly upon the provision of ordered Products to the Designated Shipper at Supplier's shipping point. Distributor reserves the right to collect interest at a rate equal to the highest applicable lawful interest rate on invoiced amounts not paid within thirty (30) days of invoice date, with interest to accrue monthly until full payment is received. All payments will be made in U.S. Dollars.
Fisher Scientific can be contacted by mail at 300 Industry Drive, Pittsburgh, PA 15275, Attention: Communications Dept.; or by e-mail at Webmaster@fishersci.com. The Web server on which this Web site is housed is owned and maintained by Fisher Scientific.
Fisher Scientific is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other Web sites that are hyperlinked to or from fishersci.com.
Industries
Education
First Responders
Government
Healthcare
Safety
Inventory Management
Chemical Stockroom
Unity Lab Services
Services
Fisher Scientific Safety Services
Thermo Fisher Financial Services
Encompass Procurement Services
Business Solutions
New Lab Start-Up Program
Controlled Environments
Supplier Diversity Program
Globally Harmonized System
Sustainability Program
Global Solutions
Compounding Pharmacy Product Guide
Production Solutions
Literature & Subscriptions
Order Product Literature and Catalogs
2014-2016 Fisher Scientific Catalog
Fisher Scientific Lab Essentials Catalog
Customer Support
NEW   Help & Support Center
Contact Us
Returns
eProcurement Integration Solutions
Quality Systems
Mobile Apps
Report a Site Issue
Connect with Us
Science and Social Hub
Lab Reporter
Sign Up for Emails
Returns and Refund Policy
Shipping Policy
Trademarks
Legal Notices
Privacy Information Center
Terms & Conditions