http://www.apsa.org/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
Search form
Search
Find An Analyst
Events
About PsychoanalysisAbout Psychoanalysis
Child & Adolescent Psychoanalysis
Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy
Careers in Psychoanalysis
Psychoanalytic Theory & Approaches
Psychoanalytic Terms & Concepts Defined
Empirical Studies Bibliography
Find HelpFind an Analyst
Low Fee Clinics
Psychotherapy Directory
When to See A Psychoanalyst
Help for Children & Teens
Common Mental Health Diagnoses
Research and TrainingEducational Standards
Adult Psychoanalytic Training
Child & Adolescent Psychoanalytic Training
Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy Training
Research & Academic Training ProgramsTuition Support for Academics
Training Institute Fellowships
APsaA Fellowship
Psychoanalytic Teaching Tools
Fund for Psychoanalytic Research
CORE Research Bibliography
Meetings2021 National Meeting
All Upcoming Meeting Dates
Submission Guidelines
MembershipMembership Eligibility
Active Membership
Candidate Membership
Academic Associate Membership
Associate ProgramsEducator Associates Program
Psychotherapist Associates Program
Research Associates Program
Student/Resident Associates Program
About APsaAWho We Are
News Room
Our Blog - Psychoanalysis: Unplugged
AdvocacyGovernment Relations & Insurance
Social Issues Department
Position Statements
Awards, Prizes & Fellowships
Publications
Support APsaA — Giving Opportunities
Support APsaA - Legacy Society
Mailing List Rental
ResourcesContinuing Education
American Psychoanalytic Foundation Grants
Psychoanalytic Libraries
Psychoanalytic Electronic Publishing
Teaching Psychoanalysis
Psychoanalysts in Schools
Links
Department Psychoanalytic Education
Privacy Policy
Store
Contact Us
Blog
Giving Opportunities
For MembersConnect With Us:
You are hereHome
Terms of Use
Ownership of Site
This website is owned and operated by the American Psychoanalytic Association (collectively “APsaA” or the “Association”). By using or accessing this website or using any APsaA Internet properties including, without limitation, apsa.org, mobile-friendly sites, microsites, discussion forums, Find an Analyst, APsaA profiles on social media and any other digital services or properties operated or used by APsaA, you signify your acknowledgment to these Terms of Use. APsaA reserves the right to revise these terms at any time by posting revised terms to this website and your use after such change signifies your acceptance of the changed terms. Please check these Terms of Use periodically for changes.
In connection with viewing or using this website you are permitted to temporarily download one copy of the materials posted on this website onto a single computer for informational use only. Any copies of content from the website must bear proper copyright notice (e.g., © [year of publication] The American Psychoanalytic Association. All rights reserved.)  Bots, spiders and other indexing or automated agents are not permitted to access or index this website or to download or copy information from this site for any purpose.
Redistribution, retransmission, republication or commercial exploitation of the contents of this website are expressly prohibited without the written consent of the Association and that of any copyright owner from whom the Association has obtained a license. Requests for such permission should be made to info@apsa.org. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Downloading of any information, content or images from this website does not transfer any right or ownership of such information, content or images to you, and such information, content or images may be used only in accordance with these Terms of Use. You may not mirror or archive any part of this site or any material contained in this site on any server or computer without the written permission of APsaA.
Copyright
APsaA respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe your copyright has been infringed on the website, you may notify the Association’s designated Copyright Agent by sending a notice containing the following:
an electronic of physical signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on its behalf;
identification of the infringed work;
identification of the allegedly infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit APsaA to locate the material;
the address, telephone number, and, if available, email address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement that the information in the notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is the copyright owner or is authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
The APsaA designated Copyright Agent is:
The American Psychoanalytic Association
309 East 49th St.
New York, NY 10017
ATTN: Director of Public Affairs
Fax: 212-593-0571
Email: info@apsa.org
Links
Links are permitted to this website only with prior written approval from APsaA. Links must lead to the website’s home page rather than to any other specific pages within the site. Requests to link to the site may be made to info@apsa.org.
APsaA does not endorse or control the content on any website (including social media sites) linked to the website. You visit any website linked to the website at your own risk, and are subject to the privacy policies and terms of use of any such sites.
Interactive Areas
APsaA does not ordinarily monitor, filter, censor, edit, or regulate information and content provided by third parties to the discussion forums or any other interactive areas of this website, but reserves the right to do so in its sole discretion. APsaA neither endorses nor is liable for the content, accuracy or reliability of such information or content.
By participating in interactive portions of this website you agree to the following:
You represent and warrant that all Content submitted or uploaded by you:
is accurate and does not violate or infringe in the intellectual property or privacy rights, or any other laws or contractual or legal rights of any other person;
is owned by you or obtained with all necessary consents, clearances, licenses, and permission for use on this website;
does not contain any virus, malicious computer code, or similar item;
is not defamatory ,harmful,  obscene, threatening, hateful, pornographic, violent or otherwise objectionable.
You will not:
do anything to disable or overburden the website or impair its function;
use automated means to access the website;
send unauthorized advertising, spam, junk mail, chain letters, or any other form of solicitation;
upload or otherwise provide content with a commercial purpose* or attempt to solicit funds or advertise goods and services
solicit private information from users of the website;
use this website in violation of any law or regulations or in any manner that could expose APsaA or users of the website to harm or liability;
frame this website within your own (or “deep link” to any pages other than its homepage);
attempt to assist anyone else to do any of the foregoing.
*Examples of messages that may be of financial benefit to a subscriber but are not prohibited because they do not inure to the financial benefit of the author include: news of job listings or position openings, or discussion of professionally-related products or services where the forum member conveying the information is not in the business of selling the products or services. An author posting news of publication of a professional book is not considered "commercial" for purposes of this restriction as long as the author does not post a link to a purchase site.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless APsaA and its affiliates and partner organizations and respective officers, directors,  employees, agents and representatives from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, claims, obligations, fees and costs (including attorney’s fees) relating to your breach of the representation, warranties and covenants in the Terms of Use.
Damage Limitation
To the fullest extent allowed by law, APsaA is not liable to you for any special consequential, incidental or punitive damages, including damages for lost profits or business interruption, related to the use of this website.
Governing Law/Venue
These Terms of Use and your use of this website are governed by New York law. Any dispute relating to these Terms of Use or your use of this website shall be resolved solely in the state or federal courts located in the borough of Manhattan, New York City.
News
APsaA Denounces Court Decision on Conversion Therapy
APsaA Calls for Moral Leadership
APsaA Calls for Ethical Campaigning and Fair Elections to Unite the Nation
The Holmes Commission on Racial Equality Established
APsaA Says Othering Is A Public Health Crisis
View All Posts
Share APsaA
Find An Analyst
Find a psychoanalyst in your area who can help you to make substantive, lasting changes in your life.
Find An Analyst
APsaA'S BOOKSTORE
About Psychoanalysis Brochure
$1.00
Visit the Bookstore
About Psychoanalysis /
Help Center /
Research and Training /
Meetings /
Publications /
About APsaA /
Resources /
Membership Connect With Us:
© 2009-2020 American Psychoanalytic Association
/ Terms of Use
/ Privacy Policy
309 East 49th Street, New York, NY 10017 |
Phone: (212) 752-0450					 | info@apsa.org