http://www.biocompinstruments.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
At BioComp Instruments, your privacy is of the utmost importance to us. Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation enforces standards of ethical digital communication and an informed, consenting modern web user. Cut from the same cloth, our Privacy Policy has been prepared to explain the different ways that we collect, use, and distribute information obtained on BioComp Instruments’ website and from user-submitted fields and services that operate in affiliation with BioComp Instruments.
Please be advised that this Privacy Policy does not define our use of any information obtained during calls, written to us, or communicated to us by any means other than user-submission fields and services operating in affiliation with BioComp Instruments. By engaging with BioComp Instruments, you explicitly consent to the use of your information and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
AUTOMATED COLLECTION
BioComp Instruments employs a variety of automated data collection services that ultimately help us to evaluate our user base and improve our website. This information includes, but is not limited to, usage details such as your browser, operating system, IP address, and the pages you visited while you were with us.
This information is used on a strictly internal basis as a means to direct our efforts to specific parts of our website. For example, if a majority of our users are engaging with a specific article, we will produce more content of a similar type. If Firefox users are dropping off more quickly, we’ll work on optimizing for Firefox. This information does not identify individuals and is for maintenance purposes exclusively.
SUBMISSIONS
All of BioComp Instruments’ website is available to users who are uninterested in disclosing who they are or revealing any contact information. Users who want to subscribe and become a member of any of BioComp Instruments’ mailing lists or participate in promotional offers are required to provide their name and email address. We use this information to fulfill your request for our additional services and to contact you infrequently with updates and promotional material.
We may also collect information about you when you engage with certain BioComp Instruments features across our network, including advertisements, submission fields embedded in social media, when you enter into BioComp Instruments promotions, and during service requests or fulfillment.
SHARING
Because BioComp Instruments operates on a service income and is not fuelled by ad revenue, we do not share your usage data or personal information with advertisers.
Unless otherwise described in this section of our Privacy Policy, we will not share your usage metrics or personal information with any third party.
BioComp Instruments reserves the right, and you hereby expressly authorize us to share any information: in response to legal subpoenas, court orders and legal processes, and to exercise our legal right to defend against legal claims; if we determine that it is necessary regarding illegal activities, fraudulent activities, or potential threats to the safety of any person or property; if you are significantly abusing the integrity of BioComp Instruments services (for example spam or security compromises); if we are acquired by another entity.