http://www.inheco.com/service/privacy-policy.html
Language:ENDE
ImprintContactLogin
HomeProductsLab AutomationThermal-CyclerHeater/CoolerShakerIncubatorVerification ToolAdapter PlatesCustom AdapterControllerAccessoriesOEM SolutionsDownloadsTechnologyThermal ManagementThermoelectric ModulesHeat PipesVapor ChambersVCM® TechnologyHeat SinksAutomationShakingApplicationsLife SciencesNext Gen SequencingCompanyMissionCustomersCareerLeiter Einkauf & Materialdisposition (m/w/d)Fachlagerist (m/w/s)Vertriebsmitarbeiter Innendienst International Sales (m/w/d)Kaufmännischer Mitarbeiter (m/w/d) 1st Level SupportMitarbeiter Baugruppenfertigung (m/w/d)NewsNews-ListServiceDownloadsTechnical SupportLoginRegister ProductOrder ProcessTest DevicesTest Unit RequestTest Unit QuestionaireReturns-RMARMA RequestCalibration Verification ToolsCertificatesFAQDisclaimerPrivacy PolicyImprint
You are here: Service »
Privacy Policy
ServiceDownloadsTechnical SupportRegister ProductOrder ProcessTest DevicesReturns-RMACalibration Verification ToolsCertificatesFAQDisclaimerPrivacy PolicyImprint
Privacy Policy
As of July 2020
Table of contents
I.     Identity and contact details of the data controllerII.    Contact details of the data protection officerIII.   General information on data processingIV.    Rights of the data subjectV.     Provision of website and creation of log filesVI.    NewsletterVII.   Contact via EmailVIII.  Application via EmailIX.    HostingX.     RegistrationXI.    Usage of PluginsXII.   Integration of plugins via external service providers
I.    Identity and contact details of the data controller
The data controller responsible in accordance with the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union and other national data protection laws of the Member States as well as other data protection regulations is:
INHECO GmbHFraunhoferstr. 1182152 MartinsriedGermany+4989899593-0info @inheco.com
https://www.inheco.com
II.    Contact details of the data protection officer
The designated data protection officer is:DataCo GmbHDachauer Str. 6580335 MunichGermany+49 89 7400 45840
https://www.dataguard.de/
III.    General information on data processing
1. Scope of processing personal data
In general, we only process the personal data of our users to the extent necessary in order to provide a functioning website with our content and services. The processing of personal data regularly only takes place with the consent of the user. Exceptions include cases where prior consent technically cannot be obtained and where the processing of the data is permitted by law.
2. Legal basis for data processing
Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis to obtain the consent of the data subject for the processing of their data.As for the processing of personal data required for the performance of a contract of which the data subject is party, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR serves as the legal basis. This also applies to processing operations required to carry out pre-contractual activities.When it is necessary to process personal data in order to fulfil a legal obligation to which our company is subject, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. c GDPR serves as the legal basis.If vital interests of the data subject or another natural person require the processing of personal data, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. d GDPR serves as the legal basis.If the processing of data is necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of our company or that of a third party, and the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh the interest of the former, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR will serve as the legal basis for the processing of data.
3. Data removal and storage duration
The personal data of the data subject will be erased or restricted as soon as the purpose of its storage has been accomplished. Additional storage may occur if it was provided for by the European or national legislator within the EU regulations, law, or other relevant regulations to which the data controller is subject. Restriction or erasure of the data also takes place when the storage period stipulated by the aforementioned standards expires, unless there is a need to prolong the storage of the data for the purpose of concluding or fulfilling the respective contract.
IV.    Rights of the data subjectWhen your personal data is processed, you are subsequently a data subject in the sense of the GDPR and have the following rights:
1. Right to information
You may request from the data controller to confirm whether your personal data is processed by them.If such processing is the case, you can request the following information from the data controller:
The purpose for which the personal data is processed;The categories of personal data being processed;The recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data relating to you have been disclosed or are still being disclosed;The planned duration of the storage of your personal data or, if specific information is not available, criteria for determining the duration of storage;The existence of a right to rectification or erasure of personal data concerning you, a right to restriction of processing by the data controller or a right to object to such processing;The existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;All available information on the source of the data if the personal data is not collected from the data subject;The existence of automated decision-making including profiling under Article 22 para. 1 and para. 4 GDPR and, in certain cases, meaningful information about the data     processingsystem involved, and the scope and intended result of such processing on the data subject.You have the right to request information on whether your personal data will be transmitted to a third country or an international organisation. In this context, you can then request for the appropriate guarantees in accordance with Art. 46 GDPR in connection with the transfer.
2. Right to rectification
You have a right to rectification and/or completion of the data controller, if your processed personal data is incorrect or incomplete. The data controller must correct the data without delay
3. Right to the restriction of processing
You may request the restriction of the processing of your personal data under the following conditions:
If you challenge the correctness of your personal data for a period of time that enables the data controller to verify the accuracy of your personal data;The processing is unlawful, and you refuse the erasure of the personal data and instead demand the restriction of the use of the personal data;The representative no longer needs the personal data for the purpose of processing, but you need it to assert, exercise or defend legal claims; orIf you have objected to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR and it is not yet certain whether the legitimate reasons of the data controller outweigh your reasons.If the processing of personal data concerning you has been restricted, this data may – with the exception of data storage – only be used with your consent or for the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims or protecting the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest, interest to the Union, or a Member State.If the processing has been restricted according to the beforementioned conditions, you will be informed by the data controller before the restriction is lifted.
4. Right to erasure
a) Obligation to eraseIf you request from the data controller to delete your personal data with immediate effect, they are required to do so immediately given that one of the following applies:
Personal data concerning you is no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or processed.You revoke your consent, to which the processing is allowed pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a GDPR and there is no other legal basis for processing the dataAccording to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR you object to the processing of the data given that the processing of the data is justified by a legitimate interest, or you object pursuant to Art. 21 para. 2 GDPR.Your personal data has been processed unlawfully.The act of deleting your personal data will invoke a legal obligation under the Union law or the law of the Member States to which the data controller is subject.Your personal data was collected in relation to information business services offered pursuant to Art. 8 para. 1 GDPR.b) Information to third parties
If the data controller has made your personal data public and has to delete the data pursuant to Art. 17 para. 1 GDPR, they shall take appropriate measures, including technical means, to inform data processors who process the personal data, that a request has been made to delete all links to such personal data or copies or replications of the personal data, taking into account available technology and implementation costs to execute the process.
c) Exceptions
The right to deletion does not exist if the processing is necessaryto exercise the right to freedom of speech and information;to fulfil a legal obligation required by the law of the Union or of the Member States to which the representative is subject, or to perform a task of public interest or in the exercise of public authority delegated to the representative;for reasons of public interest in the field of public health pursuant to Art. 9 para. 2 lit. h and i and Art. 9 para. 3 GDPR;for archival purposes of public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes pursuant to Art. 89 para. 1 GDPR, to the extent that the law referred to in subparagraph (a) is likely to render impossible or seriously affect the achievement of the objectives of that processing, orto enforce, exercise or defend legal claims.5. Right to information
If you have the right of rectification, erasure or restriction of processing over the data controller, they are obliged to notify all recipients to whom your personal data have been disclosed of the correction or erasure of the data or restriction of processing, unless this proves to be impossible or involves a disproportionate effort.You reserve the right to be informed about the recipients of your data by the data controller.
6. Right to data portability
You have the right to receive your personal data given to the data controller in a structured, standardised, and machine-readable format. In addition, you have the right to transfer this data to another person without hindrance by the data controller who was initially given the data, given that1. the processing is based on a consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a GDPR or on a contract in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR andthe processing is done by automated means.In exercising this right, you also have the right to maintain that your personal data relating to you are transmitted directly from one person to another, insofar as this is technically feasible. Freedoms and rights of other persons shall not be affected.The right to data portability does not apply to the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority delegated to the data controller.
7. Right to object
Subjective to your situation, you have, at any time, the right to object against the processing of your personal data pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. e or f GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.The data controller will no longer process the personal data concerning you unless he can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the purpose of enforcing, exercising or defending legal claims.If the personal data relating to you are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data in regard to such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with direct mail.If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, your personal data will no longer be processed for these purposes.Regardless of Directive 2002/58/EG, you have the option, in the context of the use of information society services, to exercise your right to object to automated procedures that use technical specifications.
8. Right to revoke the data protection consent declaration
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The revocation of consent does not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
9. Automated decision on a case-by-case basis, including profiling
You have the right not to subject to a decision based solely on automated processing – including profiling – that will have legal effect or affect you in a similar manner. This does not apply if the decisionis required for the conclusion or execution of a contract between you and the data controller,is permitted by the Union or Member State legislation to which the data controller is subject, and where such legislation contains appropriate measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, orwith your expressed consent.However, these decisions must not be based on special categories of personal data under Art. 9 para. 1 GDPR unless Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a or g GDPR applies and reasonable measures have been taken to protect the rights and freedoms as well as your legitimate interests.With regard to the cases referred to in (1) and (3), the data controller shall take appropriate measures to uphold your rights and freedoms as well as your legitimate interests, including the right to obtain assistance from the data controller or their representative, to express your opinion on the matter, and to contest the decision.10. Right to complain to a supervisory authorityWithout prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you shall have the right to complain to a supervisory authority, in the Member State of their residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement, if you believe that the processing of the personal data concerning you violates the GDPR.The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been submitted shall inform the complainant of the status and results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Art. 78 GDPR.
V.    Provision of website and creation of log files
1. Description and scope of data processing
Each time our website is accessed, our system automatically collects data and relevant information from the computer system of the calling device.The following data is collected:
•    Browser type and version used•    The user's operating system•    The IP address of the user•    Date and time of access
This data is stored in the log files of our system. This data is not stored together with other personal data of the user.
2. Purpose of data processing
The temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary for the delivery of the website to the computer of the user. For this purpose, the user’s IP address must be kept for the duration of the session.The storage in logfiles is done to ensure the functionality of the website. The data is also used to optimise the website and to ensure the security of our IT systems. An analysis of the data for marketing purposes does not take place.For the aforementioned purposes, our legitimate interest lies in the processing of data in compliance with Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
3. Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the temporary storage of data and logfiles is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
4. Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection. The session is complete when the collection of data for the provision of the website is accomplished.If the data is stored in log files, this is the case after seven days at the latest. Storage beyond this is possible. In this case, the IP addresses of the users are deleted or alienated so that an assignment of the calling client is not possible.
5. Objection and removal
The collection of data for the provision of the website as well as the storage of data in log files are essential for the operation of the website. Therefore, the user may not object to the aforementioned processes.
VI.    Newsletter
1. Description and scope of data processing
You can subscribe to a newsletter on our website free of charge. When subscribing for the newsletter, the data from the input mask is transmitted to us.
•    Email address•    Last name•    First name•    IP address of the user's device•    Date and time of registration•    Company•    Country
No data will be passed on to third parties in connection with data processing for the dispatch of newsletters. The data will be used exclusively for sending the newsletter.
2. Purpose of data processing
The collection of the user's Email address serves the purpose to deliver the newsletter to the recipient.The collection of additional personal data as part of the registration process serves the purpose to prevent misuse of the services or the Email address used.
3. Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of data by the user after registration for the newsletter is Art. 6 para. 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR if the user has given his consent.
4. Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. The user's Email address will therefore be stored as long as the newsletter subscription is active.The other personal data collected during the registration process is generally deleted after a period of seven days.
5. Objection and removal
The subscription for the newsletter can be cancelled by the data subject at any time. For this purpose, every newsletter contains an opt-out link.Through this, it is also possible to revoke the consent to the storage of personal data collected during the registration process.
VII.    Contact via Email
1. Description and scope of data processingYou can contact us via the Email address provided on our website. In this case the personal data of the user transmitted with the Email will be stored.The data will be used exclusively for the processing of the conversation.
2. Purpose of data processing
If you contact us via Email, this also constitutes the necessary legitimate interest in the processing of the data.
3. Legal basis for data processing
If the user has given consent, the legal basis for processing the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
The legal basis for the processing of data transmitted while sending an Email is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If the purpose of the Email contact is to conclude a contract, the additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
4. Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. For personal data sent by Email, this is the case when the respective conversation with the user has ended. The conversation ends when it can be concluded from the circumstances that the matter in question has been conclusively resolved.
The additional personal data collected during the sending process will be deleted after a period of seven days at the latest.
5. Objection and removal
The user has the possibility to revoke the consent to the processing of their personal data at any time. If the user contacts us by Email to privacy@inheco.co, he can object to the storage of his personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation cannot be continued.
In this case, all personal data stored in the course of establishing contact will be deleted.
VIII.    Application via Email1. Scope of processing personal data
You can send us your application via Email. We process your Email address and the information you provide in the Email.•    Title•    First name•    Last name•    Address•    Telephone / mobile phone number•    Email address•    Salary expectations•    Information on education and training•    Language skills•    Curriculum vitae•    Certificates•    Photo
2. Purpose of data processing
The processing of personal data from the application form serves us solely to process your application.
3. Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of the data is the initiation of the contractual relationship at the request of the data subject, Art. 6 Para. 1 S.1 lit. b Alt. 1 GDPR and
§ 26 para. 1 s. 1 BDSG.
4. Duration of storage
After completion of the application procedure, the data will be stored for up to six months. Your data will be deleted after six months at the latest. In the event of a legal obligation, the data will be stored within the framework of the applicable provisions.
5. Objection and removal
The applicant has the possibility to object to the processing of personal data at any time. In such a case, your application will no longer be considered.
Please send requests for changes or deletions regarding applications to privacy@inheco.co.All personal data stored in the course of electronic applications will be deleted in this case.
IX.    Hosting
The website is hosted on servers of a service provider commissioned by us.Our service provider is:Datamints GmbH
The servers automatically collect and store information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits when you visit the website. The stored information are:•    Browser type and version•    Used operating system•    Referrer URL•    Hostname of the accessing computer•    Time and date of the server request•    IP address of the user's device
This data will not be merged with other data sources. The data is collected on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the technically error-free presentation and optimization of his website - for this the server log files must be recorded.The server of the website is geographically located in Germany.
X.    Registration
1. Description and scope of data processing
We offer users the opportunity to register by providing personal data. The data is entered into an input mask and transmitted to us and stored. The data will not be passed on to third parties. The following data is collected as part of the registration process:•    Email address•    Last name•    First name•    Address•    Telephone / mobile phone number•    Company Name•    Bill Address•    Value added Tax-ID•    EORI-Number•    TCUI-Number
As part of the registration process, the user's consent to the processing of this data is obtained.
2. Purpose of data processing
A registration of the user is necessary for the fulfilment of a contract with the user or for the execution of pre-contractual measures.The information in the form "order process" is necessary to fulfill the contract. Without this information, correct execution of the contract cannot be guaranteed. Missing information can lead to delay or failure of the delivery
3. Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR if the user has given his consent.If the registration serves the fulfilment of a contract to which the user is a party or the execution of pre-contractual measures, the additional legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. b GDPR.
4. Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was collected.This is the case for the data collected during the registration process for the execution of a contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures if the data is no longer required for the execution of the contract. Even after the conclusion of the contract, it may be necessary to store personal data of the contractual partner in order to comply with contractual or legal obligations.
5. Objection and removal
As a user you have the possibility to cancel the registration at any time. You can request a change to the data stored about you at any time.Please send requests for deletion to privacy@inheco.coIf the data is necessary for the fulfilment of a contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures, a premature deletion of the data is only possible insofar as contractual or legal obligations do not stand in the way of a deletion.
XI.    Usage of Plugins
We use plugins for various purposes. The plugins used are listed below:Use of YouTube1. Scope of processing of personal dataWe use the plugin operated by Google from YouTube, YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA and their representatives in the Union Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (Hereinafter referred to as Google). We use the plugin from YouTube to embed videos from YouTube on our online presence. When you visit our website, your browser connects to YouTube's servers. It may be used to store and analyse personal data, in particular user activity (in particular which pages have been visited and which elements have been clicked on) and device and browser information (in particular IP address and operating system).This may involve the transfer of data to Google's servers in the United States. Google has signed and certified a privacy shield agreement with the European Union and the United States. By doing so, Google is committed to complying with the standards and regulations of European data protection law. Further information can be found in the following linked entry:https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
We have no influence on the content of the plug-in. If you are logged into your YouTube account during your visit, YouTube can assign your online presence visit to this account. By interacting with this plug-in, this corresponding information is transmitted directly to YouTube and stored there. Further information on the collection and storage of data by Google can be found here:https://policies.google.com/privacy?gl=EN&hl=en
2. Purpose of data processingThe use of the YouTube Plugin serves the improvement of the user friendliness and an appealing representation of our on-line operational readiness level.
3. Legal basis for the processing of personal dataThe legal basis for the processing of personal data is the user's given consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 S.1 lit. a GDPR.
4. Duration of storageYour personal information will be stored for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or as required by law, e.g. for tax and accounting purposes.
5. Possibility of revocation of consent and removalYou have the right to revoke your declaration of consent under data protection law at any time. The revocation of the consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation.You can prevent the collection and processing of your personal data by Google by preventing the storage of cookies from third parties on your computer, by using the "Do Not Track" function of a supporting browser, by deactivating the execution of script code in your browser or by using a script blocker such as a browser extension like NoScript (https://noscript.net/) or Ghostery (https://www.ghostery.com/) in your browser.With the following link you can deactivate the use of your personal data by Google:https://adssettings.google.de/enFurther information on objection and removal options against Google can be found at:https://policies.google.com/privacy?gl
Use of Google Marketing Platform1. Scope of processing of personal dataWe use the marketing platform of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA and the representative in the Union Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, D04 E5W5, Dublin, Ireland (Hereinafter referred to as Google). Google places a cookie on your computer. This allows personal data to be stored and evaluated, in particular the user's activity (in particular which pages have been visited and which elements have been clicked on), device and browser information (in particular the IP address and the operating system), data about the advertisements displayed (in particular which advertisements have been displayed and whether the user has clicked on them) and also data from advertising partners (in particular pseudonymised user IDs). Based on the marketing tools used, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection with Google's server.
This allows data to be transferred to Google servers in the USA. Google has signed and certified a privacy shield agreement with the European Union and the United States. By doing so, Google is committed to complying with the standards and regulations of European data protection law. You can find more detailed information in the following linked entry:https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=ActiveWe have no influence on the scope and further use of the data collected by Google through the use of this tool and therefore inform you according to our state of knowledge. If you are registered with a Google service, Google can assign the visit to your account. Even if you are not registered with Google or have not logged in, it is possible that the provider may find out and store your IP address.Further information on the collection and storage of data by Google can be found here:https://policies.google.com/privacy?gl=EN&hl=en
2. Purpose of data processingThe purpose of using the Google Marketing Platform is to serve relevant ads to the user, to improve campaign performance reports, or to prevent users from viewing the same ads more than once.
3. Legal basis for the processing of personal dataThe legal basis for the processing of personal data is the user's given consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 S.1 lit. a GDPR.
4. Duration of storageThe Google Marketing Platform stores your data until the mentioned purpose is fulfilled, whereby the maximum storage duration is 18 months.
5. Possibility of revocation of consent and removalYou have the right to revoke your declaration of consent under data protection law at any time. The revocation of the consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation.You can prevent the collection and processing of your personal data by Google by preventing the storage of cookies from third parties on your computer, by using the "Do Not Track" function of a supporting browser, by deactivating the execution of script code in your browser or using a script blocker such as a browser extension like NoScript (https://noscript.net/) or Ghostery (https://www.ghostery.com/) in your browser.With the following link you can deactivate the use of your personal data by Google:https://adssettings.google.de/en
Further information on objection and removal options against Google can be found at: policies.google.com/privacy
XII.    Integration of plugins via external service providers1. Description and scope of data processing
We integrate certain plugins on our website via external service providers in the form of content delivery networks. When you access our website, a connection is established to the servers of the providers used by us to retrieve content and store it in the cache of the user's browser. This allows personal data to be stored and evaluated in server log files, in particular device and browser information (e.g. IP address and operating system). We use the following services:•    TYPO3 extensions
2. Purpose of data processing
The use of the functions of these services serves the delivery and acceleration of online applications and content.
3. Legal basis for data processing
This data is collected on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a justified interest in the technically correct presentation and optimization of the website.
4. Duration of storage
Your personal information will be retained for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or as required by law.This privacy policy has been created with the assistance of DataGuard.
need assistance?
Contact us! sales @inheco.com Tel.: +49 89 899593-120
techhotline @inheco.com Tel.:+49 89 899593-121
INHECOIndustrial Heating & Cooling GmbH
Fraunhoferstrasse 1182152 Martinsried
Germany
Tel:  +49 89 899593-0Fax: +49 89 899593-149
Email: info @inheco.com
Downloads:
product brochures,
flyers, manuals and more
TermsDisclaimerPrivacyImprintContact
© 2020 INHECO Industrial Heating & Cooling GmbH