https://www.dantecdynamics.com/privacy-policy/
English
English
Find a Distributor
Software Support
Search
Solutions & Applications
Solutions
Fluid Mechanics
Particle Image Velocimetry (PIV)Laser Induced Fluorescence (Mixing LIF)Laser Doppler Anemometry (LDA)Constant Temperature Anemometry (CTA)
Spray and Particle
Phase Doppler Anemometry (PDA)Shadow Sizing
Combustion
Laser Induced Fluorescence (C-LIF)Rayleigh ThermometryLaser Induced Incandescence (LII)Time-Resolved LIF (TR LIF)
Thermal Comfort
ComfortSenseComfortSense Mini
Stress & Strain
Digital Image Correlation (DIC)
Laser Shearography NDT
FlawExplorer NDTFlawScout SensorVacuum Hood Inspection System
Services & Consulting
Solutions
Fluid Mechanics
Particle Image Velocimetry (PIV)Laser Induced Fluorescence (Mixing LIF)Laser Doppler Anemometry (LDA)Constant Temperature Anemometry (CTA)
Spray and Particle
Phase Doppler Anemometry (PDA)Shadow Sizing
Combustion
Laser Induced Fluorescence (C-LIF)Rayleigh ThermometryLaser-Induced Incandescence (LII)Time-Resolved LIF (TR LIF)
Thermal Comfort
ComfortSenseComfortSense Mini
Stress & Strain
Digital Image Correlation (DIC)
Laser Shearography NDT
FlawExplorer NDTFlawScout NDTVacuum Hood Inspection System
Applications
ALL APPLICATIONS
Aerodynamics & AeroacousticsAerospace NDTAutomotive Material TestingBiomechanical & Biomaterial TestingBiomedical Fluid EngineeringCivil Engineering
CombustionComposite NDTElectronic ComponentsHydraulics & HydrodynamicsMaterials Science & TestingMicrofluidics
MixingProcess & Chemical EngineeringSpray & Particle CharacterizationVibration AnalysisWind Power NDTInkjet Quality ControlThermal Comfort
News & Campaigns
Latest NewsSales CampaignsEventsSign up for News
About
Partnering With DantecHistoryCareers
SHOPContact
Dantec Dynamics COVID-19 Response and Action
Privacy Policy
May 2020
Dantec Dynamics A/S and its subsidiaries (Dantec) understands the importance of privacy and protecting your personal data. This privacy notice sets out the data which Dantec collects about you and how Dantec uses your personal data.
This privacy notice applies to our website at https://www.dantecdynamics.com (the Website) and to any other dealings which we may have with you (including, for example, dealings over the phone or in person).
1. Dantec Dynamics A/S is the data controller in respect of your personal data.
2. The Dantec entity named when we collect your personal data or in the location where Dantec referred you to this Privacy Notice (e.g., the Dantec entity identified in the email signature containing a link to this Privacy Notice). If no Dantec entity has been clearly identified, the data controller or data controllers may be identified in the following order or precedence:
For Personal Data that Dantec collects on or through its websites, Dantec Dynamics A/S is the data controller.
For personal data that is collected in connection with our newsletters and other marketing message, the data controller is identified on the subscription form and in each message.
For personal data that Dantec collects pursuant to a client or contractor relationship, the Dantec entity with which you have the client or contractor relationship is the data controller.
For activities in the context of the procurement of products and services, the data controller will be the Dantec entity identified in the order form, agreement, or similar document.
You can find the contact details for each Dantec entity below:
Dantec Dynamics A/S
Tel: +45 44 57 80 00
Tonsbakken 16-18
2740 Skovlunde
Denmark
Dantec Dynamics GmbH
Tel: +49 731 933 2200
Kässbohrerstr. 18
89077 Ulm
Germany
Dantec Dynamics Limited
Tel: + 44 1 275 375 333
Garonor Way
Royal Portbury
Bristol BS20 7XE
United Kingdom
Dantec Dynamics SAS
Tel: + 33 1 64 49 6830
8 rue Gutenberg
Z I de la Butte
F-91620 Nozay
France
Dantec Dynamics Inc.
Tel: +1 (631) 654 1290
750 Blue Point Rd.
Holtsville, NY 11742
Tel: +1 (631) 654 1290
3. We collect the following personal data from you:
Information you give us:
Information that you provide to us by filling in forms or registering with the Website or by dealing with us or our representatives by telephone, e-mail, in person or otherwise.
Information you provide when you subscribe for our services, search for a product, place an order, whether on the Website or otherwise, or when you report a problem with the Website.
The information may include:
a. your personal details, such as your name, address, email address and telephone number; and
b. if needed or if you purchase a product from us: your financial details, delivery details and information relating to your purchase(s).
It is important that any personal data we retain about you is accurate. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes at any point during your relationship with us.
Information we collect about you:
We and our service providers may collect various pieces of technical information each time you visit the Website including:
your internet protocol (IP) address, any login information, your browser type and version, your time zone setting, your browser plug-in types and versions and your device operating system and platform;
statistical and analytical information, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from the Website (including the date and time of access), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download requests and errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (for instance scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from the page.
4. We and our service providers collect your personal data for the following purposes:
In respect of sales:
to respond to enquiries you place with us, either via the Website, telephone or through a visit in person;
to assist with, or complete and deliver any orders you place with us;
to take payments for any orders and arrange any refunds;
to identify other items that may be of potential interest to you;
to let you know about those of our services which we believe may be of interest to you;
to maintain records of ownership for the purposes such as warranties and servicing; and
to assist you with any future interactions or with any queries you may have.
In respect of your user experience:
to allow you to register and create an account with the Website;
to review and improve your online experience with the Website;
to verify your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data;
to improve the Website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer;
to, if you sign up to our newsletter, provide you with our newsletter; and
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service.
In respect of technical and administrative matters:
to notify you about changes to our business practices, services or to the Website;
to administer the Website and for our internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to keep the Website safe and secure; and
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising which we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
5. We rely on one, or more, of the following legal bases for processing your personal data:
your consent, in circumstances where this has been given unambiguously: although you may withdraw your consent at any time by notice to us (Article 6(1)(a) GDPR);
it is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us (i.e. for us to process and complete any sales transaction which you would like) (Article 6(1)(b) GDPR);
at your request prior to entering into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) GDPR); or
it is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us (e.g. operating and making available the Website or providing you with information about our products or services, particularly in connection with pre-sales post-sales and relationship management activities) (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR).
6. We will share your personal data with the following third party recipients:
other companies and staff in the same group of companies as us in locations around the world;
our third party suppliers who help us to fulfill any order that you place on the Website or otherwise with us, e.g. our delivery companies and third party payment processors;
our third party suppliers who help us maintain the Website and support our business, e.g. our hosting provider, Website developers, marketing agencies and our IT support team; and
credit and identity checking service providers, law enforcement, regulatory bodies and fraud prevention agencies, to comply with our legal obligations or to help tackle fraud or investigate any breach of the Website terms and conditions of this privacy notice.
7. Data transfers
If we intend to transfer your personal data outside of the European Economic Area, it is to companies and staff in the same group of companies based in the USA and we are transferring personal data on the basis of standard data protection clauses which have been put in place with these third party recipients. You can receive a copy of these clauses by contacting us.
8. Data retention and storage
We will keep your personal data for as long as you are a customer of ours.
After you stop being a customer of ours, we will retain your personal data to comply with our legal obligations and our obligations under any product warranties.
If we have had a contractual relationship with you we will store your personal data for six years after the contract ends. Note: a contractual relationship includes where we have sold goods to you which are subject to a long-term support program.
After this period, we will delete your personal data in a safe and secure manner.
9. Cookies
The Website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of the Website. Cookies are small files which your device accepts from websites that you may visit, allowing websites to recognize your device when you move between pages or when you return to a website after having been away.
We use cookies, amongst other things, to review how you use the Website, to facilitate any online transaction or to see how you browse the Website and our catalogue of products. This information allows us to improve and maintain the Website and our service to you.
10. Your rights
You have the right, under certain circumstances, to request from us:
access to your personal data;
rectification or erasure of your personal data;
restriction of processing concerning you or to object to our processing of your personal data where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your data; and
the right to data portability.
Where we rely on your consent, you may also withdraw your consent at any time.
If you wish to stop receiving any marketing emails from us, you may unsubscribe from these emails at any time by contacting the Dantec directly and making such request or clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link in the emails.
You also have the right to complain about the manner in which we process your personal data to the European Data Protection Authority listed below:
Denmark
Danish Data Protection Agency
Datatilsynet
Borgergade 28, 5.
1300 København K
Denmark
Germany (Baden-Württemberg)
State Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information
Landesbeauftragte für den Datenschutz und die Informationsfreiheit
Königstrasse 10a
70173 Stuttgart
Germany
United Kingdom
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane, Wilmslow
Cheshire, SK9 5AF
United Kingdom
France
National Commission on Informatics and Liberty
Commission Nationale de I’Informatique et des Libertés
3 Place de Fontenoy, TSA 80715
75334 Paris Cedex 07
France
Any questions concerning this Privacy Notice should be directed to the following:
Anders Lisberg Petersen, Managing Director
Tonsbakken 16-18
2740 Skovlunde, Denmark
alp@dantecdynamics.com
Denmark
11. Third party links to the Website
This Website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on these links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites, plug-ins and applications, and are not responsible for their privacy statements or for what happens to you after you leave this Website. When you leave this Website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every other website you visit.
12. Updates to this privacy notice
From time to time we may need to update this privacy notice to ensure that it remains up to date. Please refer to the date at the top of this privacy notice to make sure that you are looking at the latest version.
16 – 18 Tonsbakken
DK-2740 Skovlunde, Denmark
CVR: 15107588
ISO 9001:2015
Legal Notice
Privacy Policy
General Sales Terms
Sitemap
Distributor Login
Employee Login
RELATED SITES
Dantec Medical (UK)
Dantec Fume Cupboard Services (FR)
Dantec Disatac (Worldwide)
This website uses cookies to give you the best experience. By continuing to browse this website you are agreeing to our use of cookies. To find out more, please review our Privacy Policy. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
The Website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of the Website. Cookies are small files which your device accepts from websites that you may visit, allowing websites to recognize your device when you move between pages or when you return to a website after having been away.
We use cookies, amongst other things, to review how you use the Website, to facilitate any online transaction or to see how you browse the Website and our catalogue of products. This information allows us to improve and maintain the Website and our service to you.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.