http://www.chroniclesmagazine.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Website Statement of Privacy
This Statement of Privacy applies to the Chronicles website and governs data collection and usage at all Chronicles sites and services; it does not apply to other online or offline sites, products or services. The Chronicles website is a general audience website, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Statement of Privacy.
Collection of Your Personal Information
As an E-commerce Web site, the Chronicles website collects personal information, such as your email address, name, home or work address or telephone number, used for the purpose of billing and shipping your online purchases.
Use of Your Personal Information
Chronicles and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to process product orders and deliver the products requested. Chronicles may also use personal information to inform you of other products or services available from Chronicles. Chronicles may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. Chronicles may also send you letters or otherwise contact you as part of its regular fundraising activities. If you choose to use the Chronicles website to subscribe to Chronicles: A Magazine of American Culture, Chronicles may, in accordance with standard industry practice, rent your name and address to other organizations that may contact you, unless you choose to opt out of such.
Other than as described above, Chronicles does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Chronicles occasionally hires other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
Chronicles may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Chronicles or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Chronicles, including its website; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Chronicles or the public.
Control Your Personal Information
Chronicles offers those who purchase products via the Chronicles website choices for the collection, use and sharing of personal information. You may notify us of your preferences by emailing clink@thecharlemagne.org.
You may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from Chronicles by responding directly to any email you receive with a request to remove you from the mailing list.
Changes to this Statement
Chronicles may occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Chronicles encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Chronicles is protecting your information
Chronicles: A Magazine of American Culture is a program of
Our Programs
Stay in the know!
Receive intellectually engaging content and updates from our organization.
Your email *
First name *
Last name *
Sign Me Up
X