http://www.coloradocorn.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policyskibler-the-great2019-03-25T12:14:50-06:00
PRIVACY
Online Privacy Policy Agreement
Protecting your private information is a priority. This Privacy Policy Agreement applies to coloradocorn.com, Colorado Corn Growers Association, and Colorado Corn Administrative Comittee, (CCGA/CCAC) and governs data collection and usage.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy Agreement, unless otherwise noted, all references to Colorado Corn here forward include coloradocorn.com, Colorado Corn Growers Association, and Colorado Corn Administrative Committee. The Colorado Corn website is a news, information, and member association site. Through the use of www.coloradocorn.com website, you consent to the data practices described within this agreement.
Collection of Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Colorado Corn may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
First and Last Name
Mailing Address
E-mail Address
Phone Number
Employer
Interests and Role
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To which, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
Colorado Corn collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Colorado Corn may also use personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Colorado Corn and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Colorado Corn does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Colorado Corn may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Colorado Corn, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Colorado Corn may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Colorado Corn or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Colorado Corn; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Colorado Corn, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
Colorado Corn may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Colorado Corn, in order to determine what Colorado Corn services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Colorado Corn to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Colorado Corn. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Colorado Corn website.
Use of Cookies
The Colorado Corn website may use “cookies” to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Colorado Corn pages, or register with Colorado Corn site or services, a cookie helps Colorado Corn to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Colorado Corn website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Colorado Corn features you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Colorado Corn services or websites you visit.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware, we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Children Under Thirteen
Colorado Corn does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Colorado Corn may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Colorado Corn, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE button.
Changes to this Statement
Colorado Corn reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of the privacy policy. We will post those changes to our website homepage so our users and/or visitors are aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may discolse such information. If at any point in time Colorado Corn decides to make significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the site and/or services available through this site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified privacy policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that policy.
Contact Information
Colorado Corn welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy Agreement. If you believe Colorado Corn has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Colorado Corn at:
Colorado Corn
127 22nd Street
Greeley, Colorado 80631
Email Address:  info@coloradocorn.com
Telephone number:  (970) 351-8201
Effective April 11, 2018
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Colorado Corn Administrative Committee (CCAC)
Managing the investments of Colorado’s corn checkoff dollars through research, market development, outreach and education on behalf of corn producers in the state.
LEARN MORE
Colorado Corn Growers Association (CCGA)
Farmers and ag representatives focusing on policy at the local, state and national levels. It is an association that represents and advocates for the interests of corn growers in Colorado.
LEARN MORE