http://www.holotropic.com/more/privacy-notice/
Grof Transpersonal Training > More > Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for holotropic.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will contact you with news and events related to Grof Transpersonal Training, Holotropic Breathwork, or related topics. Also we will occasionally send an email about something we feel would be of interest to most of our subscribers.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order, without your permission.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect financial information through our online store (such as credit card data), that information goes to a secure third party. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. Information sent in writing or given by phone is destroyed after use.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (US) 415 383-8779 or via email.
Like it? Share —
HomeGTT
About GTT Experience GTT Become a facilitator Continued Professional Development People at GTT
Directors Circle of Advisors Teachers, staff, and coordinators Guest teachers
GTT History and Founders
Christina Grof (deceased) Stanislav Grof (emeritus)
Holotropic Breathwork®
About Holotropic Breathwork® CPD Current Certified Facilitators All Facilitators
Events
List of all upcoming events by date Archive
Media
Articles and research Photo Gallery News Video Audio
Shop
Books Music Spoken Audio & Video Decks and more Training manuals Consultation
Consultation with Tav Sparks Consultation with Cary Sparks
More
Testimonials Contact GTT Links Privacy Notice