http://www.oef.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
CookiesData protectionTerms and conditionsSoftware Support and TrainingOxford Economics is the world leader in global economic forecasting and global economy research. Founded in 1981 OE provides economic advice and forecasts to international organisations. OE produces projections, analysis and data on 200+ countries, 100+ industrial sectors and 7,000+ cities and regions.Oxford Economics Ltd. ("Oxford Economics," "Us," or "We") is committed to protecting the privacy of the users of MyOxford Service (www.oxfordeconomics.com/my-oxford) and Global Data Services (data.oxfordeconomics.com) web sites (the "Service Sites") and company web site (www.oxfordeconomics.com, the "Web Site") and any other such sites that we may notify you of from time to time. The Web Site was designed to help you and your company develop a good understanding of Oxford Economics' offerings.This privacy policy (the "Policy") discloses Oxford Economics' information privacy practices for the Service Sites and where applicable to the Web Site, and is intended to inform registered users and other visitors to the Sites of the data collection and use practices of the "Sites" (i.e. both "Service Sites" and "Web Site").BY USING THE SITES, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ACCORDING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED BY US IN THE COUNTRY WHERE IT WAS COLLECTED AS WELL AS OTHER COUNTRIES (INCLUDING THE UNITED STATES) WHERE LAWS REGARDING PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE LESS STRINGENT THAN THE LAWS IN YOUR COUNTRY.Amendments to this Policy will be posted on the Sites and will be effective when posted. Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of any amendment will constitute your acceptance of that amendment, except if your personally identifiable information will be used in a materially different manner. See the Notification of Changes section below for further information.If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, you should contact Oxford Economics by e-mail at 'support@oxfordeconomics.com'.Registered UsersFor the avoidance of doubt, Oxford Economics may refer to unregistered individuals within this Policy as a “visitor”, and registered individuals as a “subscriber” or “subscribing user” hereafter. Furthermore, we may refer to registered or unregistered individuals “you” or a “user”.Registration is not mandatory to access certain public areas of the Web Site.A pre-paid subscription or trial registration is required for access to certain areas of the Web Site and all areas of the Service Sites, and the products and services provided through those areas of the Sites. When you sign up for a subscription or register for a trial use of the Service Sites, you are given an account with MyOxford and Global Data Services (your “Account”) and you will be assigned a username and password for purposes of accessing your Account, the Service Sites and the portions of the Web Site available to registered users.Oxford Economics is not responsible for any loss or misuse of your username and password. Always remember that in order to protect your privacy, you should not share your username and password with others.Personally Identifiable InformationWe collect and share personally identifiable information regarding users of the Sites as described in this Policy. Except as noted in this Policy, personally identifiable information collected on the Sites is not shared with third parties without your consent.We may automatically collect personally identifiable information from you when you access the Sites. We may also collect personally identifiable information from you through a number of voluntary sources on the Sites, such as emails, postings, messages or other electronic submissions and communications sent by you to Oxford Economics or the Sites.The personally identifiable information we may collect from you will include, by way of example:Full nameCompany nameContact information (including, address, postal/zip - code, country, and phone number)Email addressOther information volunteered by users, such as information provided during surveys and Sites’ registrationIP addressUser-specific and aggregate information on the areas of the Sites accessedUser name and password information for the SitesOxford Economics will only process personal data in accordance with Article 6(1) of the GDPR.YOU SHOULD NOT PROVIDE OXFORD ECONOMICS WITH ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION OR SUBMIT OR POST ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO THE SITE UNLESS YOU WOULD LIKE THAT INFORMATION TO BE USED BY OXFORD ECONOMICS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS POLICY. LIKEWISE, YOU SHOULD NOT SUBMIT OR POST ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO THE WEB SITE UNLESS YOU WANT THAT INFORMATION TO BE ACCESSIBLE BY OTHER USERS OF THE WEB SITE, AS INFORMATION POSTED ON THE WEB SITE MAY BE MADE AVAILABLE TO OTHER USERS OF THE WEB SITE. PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION POSTED TO THE SERVICE SITE IS NOT ACCESSIBLE BY OTHER USERS OF THE SERVICE SITE WHO DO NOT BELONG TO YOUR PEER USER GROUP OR ORGANISATION AND WHO ARE ALSO REGISTERED ON THE SERVICE SITE.The personally identifiable information that Oxford Economics collects from users of the Sites (both registered and unregistered) may be used for a variety of purposes, for example to provide the services and products offered through the Sites to users of the Sites, to customise content and/or layout of the Sites for each individual user of the Sites, to notify users of the Sites about updates to and activities on the Sites and about goods and services that we feel may be of interest to you, to improve the content of the Sites, to analyse data and patterns regarding usage of the Sites, to contact users of the Sites for marketing purposes, and to contact users of the Sites for information verification purposes.Oxford Economics may collect and publish statistics and usage information related to the Users consumption and feedback of content only in Anonymous Information cases. We may publish consumption data associated with a certain keyword or piece of content, but never in relationship to your Account. We may collect certain information from visitors to the Site and users of the Services, such as Internet addresses. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems and prevent security breaches.Disclosure as Required by LawThough we make every reasonable effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personally identifiable information of certain users of the Sites when we have a reasonable and good-faith belief that the disclosure is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order, or legal process served on Oxford Economics or the Sites. In this situation we will use reasonable efforts to provide notice of this disclosure to all affected users, to the extent reasonably possible under the circumstances.WHERE WE STORE AND PROCESS PERSONAL DATAWe may store or process personal data collected by Oxford Economics in any country that we operate. This includes, but not limited to; the United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France, Sweden, South Africa, the United Arab Emirates, the United States of America, Canada, Mexico, Singapore, Australia, Hong Kong and Tokyo.A full list of our countries of operation can be found hereOxford Economics’ primary data storage location is the United Kingdom, however, services such as our CRM, Identity and Access Management system and website are hosted in the United States of America. We will ensure that ‘adequate safeguards’ are in place when transferring data between regions, following the guidance of applicable laws. Company entities of Oxford Economics may also process personal data following Applicable Law.DATA RETENTIONOxford Economics retains personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil our contractual obligations and provide products that you have requested, or to comply with the legal requirements of the country where the data is located. These retention periods vary depending on the location, type of data, product type and the extent of our interaction with you.We use the following criteria to determine the retention period:Has the customer provided personal data with the expectation that we will retain such data until they specifically ask for its erasure?
In such cases, Oxford Economics will follow the guidelines of applicable law and keep data for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which it is being processed, or until you request for the erasure of your data.Has Oxford Economics contractually agreed to a retention period?
Organisations may ask that we retain data for at least a specified period. Your rights are not affected. Personal erasure requests will take priority in such circumstances.Is Oxford Economics under a legal obligation to retain or delete the data?
Examples of this include, but not limited to; mandatory data retention laws set by governing bodies or data retained for the purposes of litigation.SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENTSOn occasion it is necessary to send out service related announcements. For instance, if the Sites or any of the services offered through the Sites are temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. These communications are not promotional in nature.Special Offers and UpdatesWe send all new registrants of the Sites a welcoming email to verify password and username. Subscribing users will occasionally receive information on products, services and special deals, and periodic newsletters in accordance with their subscription agreements. We may occasionally send existing and expired subscribers information on products, services and special deals, and periodic newsletters which are not part of their subscription.Non-Personally Identifiable InformationWhere possible, our server automatically recognises each visitor’s Internet Protocol addresses. We also collect information about how visitors use the Sites (for example what pages are viewed and products and services are purchased). This information, which is collected and maintained in an anonymous and non-personally identifiable form, allows us to improve the content of the Sites and facilitate market research. Sometimes, we utilise the services of a third party to help us understand this information better, although the information that is disclosed to these entities remains at all times in anonymous and non-personally identifiable form. Other than improving the Sites and the experience of visitors to the Sites, we make no other use of this information.Transfer of InformationAs we continue to develop our business, we may participate in corporate transactions such as mergers and acquisitions, and it is possible that another company may acquire Oxford Economics Ltd. or its business assets in the future. If Oxford Economics elects, in its reasonable discretion, to transfer ownership or control of the Sites to a third party, whether or not in the context of an acquisition of Oxford Economics or a merger of Oxford Economics with a third party, you consent to the transfer of your personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information to that third party, provided that all use of your information by that third party remains subject to the terms of this Policy.CookiesOxford Economics uses “cookies” to improve the experience of the Sites. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server, often including an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.We may use cookies for various purposes, for example, to save user preferences, customise Site content for individual users, to ensure that users are not repeatedly sent the same content, to record session information, to alert users to new areas that might be of interest upon return to the Site, and to save certain information about users of the Site and others who visit the Site. We also use cookies to record current login information; however, you are still required to log in to your Account after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your Account.Access, Review, UpdateUsers may review, delete/deactivate and update the personal information that was previously provided to us by emailing us at 'support@oxfordeconomics.com’. We may ask you to provide identification before progressing with your enquiry.Other Web Sites; LinksThird-party web sites may be accessible through the Sites. These third party web sites have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. Oxford Economics is not responsible for any actions or privacy policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing personally identifiable information through linked web sites.Consent to the Use of Third Party ProvidersIn addition to the specific third parties noted in this Policy, Oxford Economics may also contract with other third parties to provide various services to Oxford Economics relating to the Sites on an outsourced basis rather than performing the services itself. For example, Oxford Economics may contract with an email provider to handle the distribution of email messages to subscribers of the Sites. Likewise, Oxford Economics may contract with a web site hosting provider to host all or a portion of the Sites for Oxford Economics. By visiting the Sites, all visitors consent to Oxford Economics providing both personal and non-personal information received from those visitors to these third party providers for the purpose of enabling the third party provider to provide these outsourced services to Oxford Economics. In addition, all visitors consent to the collection, maintenance, and processing of their personal and non-personal information by Oxford Economics and these third party providers.Notification of ChangesIf we decide to change the Policy, we will either notify users by way of an email or post material changes on the Sites so our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and if we disclose it. Unless we seek and receive your consent, we will use information in accordance with the Policy under which the information was last collected. Users may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by emailing us at 'support@oxfordeconomics.com’.SecurityWe will use at least industry standard measures on the Sites to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of the information under our control. We use a secure server hosting location, firewall protection, controlled access and secure data storage to protect your data. We do not store your passwords in plaintext, nor do we store your credit card information on our systems. The Sites fully support SSL and current encryption standards. We also limit access to your data to our employees whom we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information. While no system is guaranteed to be completely secure, we work hard to ensure our security measures protect all information in a responsible manner.Contact InformationOur appointed Data Protection Officer is Dr. Arvindra Sehmi, Chief Information Officer and IT Director.Any questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed via email to: “support@oxfordeconomics.com’.We are regulated by the Information Commissioner’s Office You can contact them for advice and support.Thank you for using www.oxfordeconomics.com / data.oxfordeconomics.com.