https://www.iemss.org/privacy-policy/
Press "Enter" to skip to content
About iEMSs
Home
Contact
Scope
Office
Board
FAQ
Bylaws
Become a member
Privacy Policy
Login Form
Username
Password
RegisterLost Password
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.iemss.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Data collected to manage your membership
At checkout, we will collect your name, email address, username, and password. This information is used to setup your account for our site. If you are redirected to an offsite payment gateway to complete your payment, we may store this information in a temporary session variable to setup your account when you return to our site.
At checkout, we may also collect your billing address and phone number. This information is used to confirm your credit card. The billing address and phone number are saved by our site to prepopulate the checkout form for future purchases and so we can get in touch with you if needed to discuss your order.
At checkout, we may also collect your credit card number, expiration date, and security code. This information is passed to our payment gateway to process your purchase. The last 4 digits of your credit card number and the expiration date are saved by our site to use for reference and to send you an email if your credit card will expire before the next recurring payment.
When logged in, we use cookies to track some of your activity on our site including logins, visits, and page views.
Data collected for analytics
We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
Data collected to ensure security
We use Wordfence security plugin to tighten the security on our site and prevent it from being hacked. They collect the IP addresses of iEMSs website visitors and other non-personally identifiable information. Wordfence is owned by Defiant and they are preparing for GDPR compliance. For any updates on their Privacy Policy you should visit the Wordfence Privacy Policy and the Defiant Privacy Policy .
Meetings
Upcoming conferences
iEMSs 2020
iEMSs 2019 – Regional Conference
iEMSs 2018
iEMSs 2016
iEMSs 2014
iEMSs 2012
iEMSs 2010
iEMSs 2008
iEMSs 2006
iEMSs 2004
iEMSs 2002
Publications
Socio-Environmental Systems Modelling – an Open Access, Community Driven, Scholarly Journal
iEMSs 2018 Proceedings
iEMSs 2016 Proceedings
iEMSs 2014 proceedings
iEMSs 2012 Proceedings
iEMSs 2010 Proceedings
iEMSs 2008 Proceedings
iEMSs 2006 Proceedings
iEMSs 2004 Transactions
iEMSs 2002 Proceedings
Open Access to Teaching Material
Awards
Rules
Student Prizes
Medallists, Fellows and ECREs
Env. Mod. & Software
Journal Website
Editorial Board
Call for papers: Thematic Issues
Books
Subscribe to EMS
Position Papers
Featured Articles
Introductory Overviews
Threads
Environmental Data Mining
Distributed Environmental Modelling
Complexity and Feedbacks
Ecosystem Services
Educational Resources
Environmental Software Systems (ISESS)
Jobs
Academic Job Offers
Professional Job Offers