http://www.ginninderralandcare.org.au/privacy-policy
The Ginninderra Catchment Group has created this online privacy statement to demonstrate its commitment to protecting personal privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
This privacy statement applies to all users who access this web site.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, please contact us.
Information collected
When you browse this web site, our system automatically makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes:
your server address;
top level domain name (e.g.: .com, .net, .gov, .au, etc);
the type of browser and operating system you used;
date and time of your visit;
the previous site visited;
which pages are accessed;
the time spent on individual pages and the site overall;
which files were downloaded.
This information is analysed to determine this web site’s usage statistics.
However, no attempt will be made to identify individual users or their browsing activities except, in the event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency exercises a warrant to inspect our service provider’s log files.
We collect no personal information about you unless you voluntarily choose to participate in an activity through this web site that involves the provision of personal information, such as:
sending electronic mail to this web site;
participating in a survey on this web site;
undertaking a payment or other transaction through this web site;
suggesting a link from this web site to an external web site.
If you choose not to participate in these activities, your choice will in no way affect your ability to use this web site.
Use of personal information collected
Any personal information you choose to provide will only be used for the purpose for which it was provided and will not be disclosed to other persons or organisations without your prior consent or if required by law.
The Internet is an insecure medium and users should be aware that there are inherent risks transmitting information across the Internet.
Information submitted unencrypted via electronic mail or web forms may be at risk of being intercepted, read or modified. This site contains links to external web sites and this privacy statement does not extend to external web sites.  The Ginninderra Catchment Group is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external web sites.
Recent Items
A pearler of a celebration for Friends of Aranda Bushland
Turtle Time! Not one, but 41
We saw one! Monotreme ahoy at annual platypus count
Useful Links
ACT Landcare
Molonglo Catchment Group
Southern ACT Catchment Group
Landcare ACT
Environment ACT
Subscribe to Our Emails
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Things You Should Know Join the Ginninderra Catchment Group
Our Privacy Statement
Our Disclaimer
Our On-Line Contact Form
Our Contact Details