https://www.fluigent.com/legal-terms/
skip to Main Content
News
Calculator
Search
Close
Sign up to receive our NewslettersLeave this field empty if you're human:
+33(0)1 7701 8262 sales@fluigent.com
/ Legal Terms & Privacy Policy
Legal Terms & Privacy Policy
FLUIGENT
Okabé Bureau
67 Avenue de Fontainebleau
94270 LE KREMLIN BICETRE
FRANCE
Phone: +33 (0)1 77 01 82 68
Fax: +33 (0)1 77 01 82 70
Email : contact@fluigent.com
Terms & conditions
In these terms and conditions, “we” “us” and “our” refers to Fluigent S.A. Your access to and use of all information on this website is provided subject to the following terms and conditions.
1. We strive to ensure that our products are described as accurately as possible on our website; however we do not warrant that the description is accurate. Where we become aware of any misdescription, we reserve the right to correct any error or omission.
2. Images have been provided for illustrative purposes only and we do not guarantee that any image will reproduce in true colour or that any given image will reflect or portray the full design or options relating to that product.
3. When you visit our website, we give you a limited license to access and use our information for personal use.
4. You are permitted to download a copy of the information on this website to your computer for your personal use only provided that you do not delete or change any copyright symbol, trade mark or other proprietary notice. Your use of our content in any other way infringes our intellectual property rights.
5. Except as permitted under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988, you are not permitted to copy, reproduce, republish, distribute or display any of the information on this website without our prior written permission.
6. The license to access and use the information on our website does not include the right to use any data mining robots or other extraction tools. The license also does not permit you to metatag or mirror our website without our prior written permission. We reserve the right to serve you with notice if we become aware of your metatag or mirroring of our website.
7. The copyright to all content on this website including applets, graphics, images, layouts and text belongs to us or we have a license to use those materials.
8. This website may from time to time contain hyperlinks to other websites. Such links are provided for convenience only and we take no responsibility for the content and maintenance of or privacy compliance by any linked website. Any hyperlink on our website to another website does not imply our endorsement, support, or sponsorship of the operator of that website nor of the information and/or products which they provide.
9. You may link our website with our consent. Any such linking will be entirely your responsibility and at your expense. By linking, you must not alter any of our website’s contents including any intellectual property notices and you must not frame or reformat any of our pages, files, images, text or other materials.
10. The copyright to all content on this website including applets, graphics, images, layouts and text belongs to us or we have a license to use those materials.
11. All trademarks, brands and logos generally identified with the symbols TM which are used on this website are either owned by us or we have a license to use them. Your access to our website does not license you to use those marks in any commercial way without our prior written permission.
12. No right or license in or to any of our intellectual property or other proprietary rights is granted hereunder to you. We shall be under no obligation to provide or transfer to you or to any third party any of our technology, including without limitation any processes or procedures used in the manufacturing and fabrication of our products.
13. We respect the intellectual property rights of others, but make no warranty, either express or implied, that the products and/or methods embodied in the work performed do not infringe any patents or other property right owned by a third party.
Data Privacy Policy
Our website may be used without entering personal information. Different rules may apply to certain services on our site, however, and are explained separately below.
Please be aware that data transfer via the internet is subject to security risks and, therefore, complete protection against third-party access to transferred data cannot be ensured.
Cookies
Our website makes use of so-called cookies in order to recognize repeat use of our website by the same user/internet connection subscriber. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser downloads and stores on your computer. They are used to improve our website and services. In most cases these are so-called “session cookies” that are deleted once you leave our website.
To an extent, however, these cookies also pass along information used to automatically recognize you. Recognition occurs through an IP address saved to the cookies. The information thereby obtained is used to improve our services and to expedite your access to the website.
You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.
Server Data
For technical reasons, data such as the following, which your internet browser transmits to us or to our web space provider (so called server log files), is collected:
– type and version of the browser you use
– operating system
– websites that linked you to our site (referrer URL)
– websites that you visit
– date and time of your visit
– your Internet Protocol (IP) address.
This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal information you may have provided, thereby making it impossible to connect it to any particular person. The data is used for statistical purposes in order to improve our website and services.
Newsletter
Our website offers you the opportunity to subscribe to our newsletter. The newsletter provides you periodically with information about our services. To receive our newsletter, we require a valid email address. We will review the email address you provide for the purpose of determining whether you are in fact the owner of the email address provided or whether the actual owner of said address is authorized to receive the newsletter. When subscribing to our newsletter, we will store your IP address as well as the date and time you subscribed. This serves to protect us in the event a third party improperly and without your knowledge makes use of your email address to subscribe to our newsletter. We will not collect any other data. The data thereby collected is used solely for the purpose of receiving our newsletter. No data is transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any information that other components of our website may collect. You may cancel your subscription to the newsletter at any time. You will find additional details in the email confirming your subscription as well as in each newsletter.
Contacting Us
On our website we offer you the opportunity to contact us, either by email and/or by using a contact form. In such event, information provided by the user is stored for the purpose of facilitating communications with the user. No data is transferred to third parties unless the request involves a partner (such as a third party supplier, distributor, …). Nor is any of this information matched to any information that may be collected by other components of our website.
Posting Comments
On our website we offer you the opportunity to post comments about individual articles. For this purpose, the IP address of the user/internet connection subscriber is stored. This information is stored for our security in the event the author through his/her comments infringes against third party rights and/or unlawful content is entered. Consequently, we have a direct interest in the author’s stored data, particularly since we may be potentially liable for such violations. No data is transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any information that may be collected by other components of our website.
Use of Google Analytics with anonymization
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as “Google“. Google Analytics employs so-called “cookies“, text files that are stored to your computer in order to facilitate an analysis of your use of the site.
The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of your visits to our site, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google’s location in the US and stored there.
We use Google Analytics with an IP anonymization feature on our website. In doing so, Google abbreviates and thereby anonymizes your IP address before transferring it from member states of the European Union or signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Google will use this information to evaluate your usage of our site, to compile reports on website activity for us, and to provide other services related to website- and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if this is required by law or to the extent this data is processed by third parties on Google´s behalf.
Google states that it will in never associate your IP address with other data held by Google. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.
Google also offers a disabling option for the most common browsers, thus providing you with greater control over the data which is collected and processed by Google. If you enable this option, no information regarding your website visit is transmitted to Google Analytics. However, the activation does not prevent the transmission of information to us or to any other web analytics services we may use. For more information about the disabling option provided by Google, and how to enable this option, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Use of Google-Adwords
For purposes of promotion, our website also employs the Google ad tool “Google-Adwords”. As part of this, our website employs the analysis service “Conversion-Tracking” from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as “Google“. If you access our site by way of a Google ad, a cookie is placed on your computer. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser downloads and stores to your computer. These so-called “conversion cookies” cease to be active after 30 days and are not used to identify you personally. If you visit certain pages of our website while the cookie is still active, we and Google know that you, as user, have clicked on ads placed on Google and were redirected to our site.
Google uses the information obtained through “conversion cookies” to compile statistics for our website. These statistics tell us the total number of users who have clicked on our ad as well as which pages of our site were then accessed by each user. However, neither we nor other advertisers who use “Google-Adwords” receive any kind of information that can be used to personally identify users.
You can prevent the installation of “conversion cookies” by making the appropriate change to your browser settings, for example by setting your browser so that the automatic placement of cookies is deactivated or by blocking cookies from the domain “googleadservices.com“.
You can obtain the relevant data privacy policy from Google at the following link: https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html.
The use of Google Remarketing
On our website, we promote the service Google Remarketing belonging to the company Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter “Google”. Advertisements may appear for users who have already visited our website in the past with Google Remarketing. Within the Google network, advertisements adapted to your interests can hereby be displayed on our site. Google Remarketing uses cookies for this evaluation. Cookies are small text files stored on your computer which allow the use of the website to be analyzed. This makes it possible to recognize our visitors if these sites are accessed within the advertising network of Google. In this way, advertisements can be presented within the advertising network of Google based on content which has previously been accessed on websites within the Google advertising network by visitors who are also using the Google Remarketing feature. Google does not itself collect any personal data. You can disable this feature by making the appropriate settings under http://www.google.com/settings/ads.
Information/Cancellation/Deletion
On the basis of the Federal Data Protection Act, you may contact us at no cost if you have questions relating to the collection, processing or use of your personal information, if you wish to request the correction, blocking or deletion of the same, or if you wish to cancel explicitly granted consent. Please note that you have the right to have incorrect data corrected or to have personal data deleted, where such claim is not barred by any legal obligation to retain this data.
Sample Data Privacy Policy Statement provided by the Law Offices of Weiß & Partner
Privacy Policy PalPal:
https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full?locale.x=en_DE
Privacy Policy Stripe:
https://stripe.com/de/privacy
Privacy Policy Heidelpay:
https://www.heidelpay.com/de/datenschutz/
© 2010 - 2020, Fluigent Terms & conditions of sale
Legal Terms & Privacy Policy
Products
Applications
OEM
Download
Contact us
Contact us
Global Contact Form
Your Name*Your E-Mail*
Your Country**CAPTCHANameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Back To Top
EUR €
European Euro
USD $
USA dollar
Products
Products and Solutions OEM Video
Applications
Applications
Expertise
Expertise FAQs
News
News Press Releases Social Media
About us
About us Team Quality Career Our Distributors
Contact us