https://www.rzss.org.uk/cookie-policy/
BOOK TICKETS
The fastest way to visit
About us
Our history
RZSS Management
RZSS Board
Prize Requests
AGM & Annual Reviews
Find out more
Latest News
Get the latest news from across the Society.
Find out more
RZSS Edinburgh Zoo Visit the only koalas and pandas in the UK
RZSS Highland Wildlife Park See endangered mountain and tundra species in a stunning Highland setting.
Our projects
Field Work
Species restoration
Applied conservation genetics
Illegal Wildlife Trade
Zoo based
View all
Where we work
View our conservation map!
Start exploring
Meet the team The RZSS conservation and research team
Latest News Keep up with all the latest conservation news
RZSS Animal Collection
Amur Tiger
Polar Bear
Scottish Wildcat
Red Panda
European Bison
RZSS Veterinary Services
RZSS has one of the UK’s most highly qualified in-house veterinary teams.
Find out more
RZSS Edinburgh Zoo Home to the UK's only giant pandas, koalas and the RZSS WildGenes lab.
RZSS Highland Wildlife Park Set against the stunning backdrop of Cairngorms National Park, meet animal species from the world's mountain and tundra regions.
Discovery and Learning
School Lesson Programmes
How to book
Planning Your Visit
Beyond the Panda Outreach
View all
ZOOdle
Whether you're learning in school or from home, there's something for everyone in our online activities!
Learn online!
Beyond the panda Learning activities aimed at providing relevant, challenging and enjoyable learning experiences for children and young people from early years onwards.
Discovery and Learning Packages Mix and match virtual sessions with a self-led visit to create the perfect blend of learning for your class
Individual Giving
RZSS Membership
Adopt an animal
Donate to RZSS
Leaving a gift in your will
How you can help - fundraising for RZSS
Become a Patron of RZSS
View all ...
Will you stick your neck out?
Please help to bring giraffes to Scotland’s capital!
Find out more
Sponsorship Opportunities No two sponsorship packages are the same so we work with our sponsors to create a partnership that best suits their business needs.
Corporate Support Help us make a difference
About RZSS
Conservation
Our Collections
RZSS Education
Support Us
Support our work
Save up to 20% when you book Online
RZSS
Shop
Edinburgh Zoo
Highland Wildlife Park
Conservation
Latest News
Members Portal
About RZSS
Conservation
Our Collections
RZSS Education
Support Us
You are here:
Home
Use of Cookies on RZSS websites
Share this
Use of Cookies on RZSS websites
A cookie is a very small text file that is placed on your hard drive by the server of a web page you visit. It is an individual label, which identifies you as a visitor. The Royal Zoological Society of Scotland (RZSS) does not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information.
For example we use cookies to:
Collect statistical data on visitor movement and use of our websites in order to help us optimise them.
Remember things like information you've entered on forms when you navigate away to other pages in a single web browser session
Remember the goods and services placed within a shopping basket.
Recognise that you are logged in to areas such as the Members Portal and the online shop.
Provide rich content such as webcam feeds and other embedded media.
Improve the user experience by integrating third party social media tools and services.
Please find information in the sections below in regards to cookies that may be set when you use one of the RZSS websites as well as how to reject or delete these cookies.
RZSS websites include: (RZSS) www.rzss.org.uk, (Edinburgh Zoo) www.edinburghzoo.org.uk, (Highland Wildlife Park) www.highlandwildlifepark.org.uk, (RZSS Learning) learning.rzss.org.uk, (RZSS Members Portal) members.rzss.org.uk and (RZSS Online Shop) shop.rzss.org.uk.
1) How to control or delete cookies:
You can delete cookies already on your computer or device at any time. If you choose not to accept cookies at all, you can still visit our website, however, when cookies are disabled, we cannot guarantee an optimum experience and there will almost certainly be content or functionality that is no longer available. Visiting the Help section within your browser should provide information on how to do this. For mobile devices you may need to refer to the product manual.
For more information about deleting and controlling cookies please visit:
http://www.aboutcookies.org/
For more information about cookies present on RZSS websites please see section 2 below.
2) RZSS Cookies (including Local Shared Objects/Flash Cookies)
The RZSS set  cookies in order to provide essential functionality across our websites. Cookies are also set by some of our suppliers, on behalf of the RZSS, in order to perform their services.
Please find below a list of the cookies that are present (on one or more) of the RZSS websites. Whilst we endeavour to keep this list as up to date as possible, there may be a delay between updates. If you notice any discrepancies please contact us (webofficer@rzss.org.uk) at any time.
Cookie
Purpose
Google Analytics
(__utma, __utmb, __utmc, _utmv, _utmz)
All RZSS websites use Google Analytics provided by Google Inc. The Google Analytics cookie evaluates your use of our website(s) and allow us to improve our online services based on this feedback.
Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  By using any of the RZSS websites, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
For information about removing this cookie please visit:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html
_JSESSIONID, _ASP.NETSessionId
These are session cookies and let us know that you are actively using our site. Once you close your browser the data stored in this cookie will be cleared.
RZSS Online Shop
The RZSS online shop sets cookies in order to perform strictly necessary functionality such remembering what items are in a shopping basket or acknowledging that a user is logged into their account.
Our online shop storefront is provided by Shopify and full details of their cookie policy can be found at www.shopify.com/legal/cookies
Scorecard Research (_UID, _UIDR, CSCookieTest, CSCompanyWebSession, CSCompanyWebLang, CSCompanyWebsite)
This cookie is used by third party Market research provider Scorecard Research. The cookie often includes an anonymous unique identifier and allows them to identify browser-level behaviour such as new versus repeat visitors to a website or page.
For more information about their use of cookies and privacy policy, please visit: http://www.scorecardresearch.com/privacy.aspx
Third Party Sites
Example cookies:
Youtube: (_PREF, _VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE)
Sharethis: (_stid, __uset)
TripAdvisor: (_v1st, _BEPIN, _CM, _ServerPool, _TACds, _TAReturnTo, _TASession, _TATravelinfo, _TAUnique,)
To enrich the content found on RZSS websites we may embed content from external online services such as YouTube, Vimeo and Flickr. Such content may present cookies from the associated third party websites.
RZSS websites also use sharing tools provided by various leading social network sites, such as Facebook and Twitter. These sites may set a cookie when you are also logged into their service.
The RZSS does not control the dissemination of these cookies, please consult the relevant third party website for more information.
Cookie
Purpose/Description
Local Shared Objects (Flash Cookies)
RZSS websites use Adobe Flash Player to deliver video content and stream some of our webcams. To maximise the user experience, flash cookies may be set. Although stored in a similar way to regular cookies, it is not possible to remove them via your browser settings. Please note that removing flash cookies will likely mean that certain webcams and video content will become unavailable.
To disable Flash Cookies please visit:
http://www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security
The RZSS raises invaluable funds through it's participation in affiliate marketing. When linking to external services that we believe to be complimentary to our own, such as nearby accommodation providers, cookies may be used to track affiliate performance. Cookies associated with affiliate programs typically persist for around 30 days. Please find a list below of affiliate programs that the RZSS is currently enrolled in:
Laterooms
For further information about Laterooms and their use of cookies, please contact them directly or visit:
http://www.laterooms.com/en/p10978/static/TermsOfUse.mvc#s4
Marriott Hotels
For further information about Marriott Hotels and their use of cookies, please contact them directly or visit:
http://www.marriott.co.uk/marriott/privacy-uk.mi
The Marriott Hotel affiliate program is provided by Commission Junction. For more information on their cookie policy please visit:
http://uk.cj.com/privacy.html
IHG InterContinental Hotels Group
(Holiday Inn)
For further information about IHG and their use of cookies, please contact them directly or visit:
http://www.ichotelsgroup.com/ihg/hotels/gb/en/global/support/eu_cookie
The Marriott Hotel affiliate program is provided by Commission Junction. For more information on their cookie policy please visit:
http://uk.cj.com/privacy.html
Print this page
Related Content
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Use of Cookies on RZSS websites
RZSS Legal Information