http://www.imr-corp.com/content/terms-use-and-privacy-disclaimer
Skip directly to content
International MicroNanoelectronics Research Corporation
Main menu
Home
Company
Inks
Prescon Sensors
Contact Us
You are hereHome
Terms of Use and Privacy Disclaimer
Legal disclaimer | Privacy NoticePlease read the following terms and conditions carefully before using this or our other Web sites. By accessing or using our sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions. You should review these terms and conditions regularly as they may change at any time at our sole discretion. If you do not agree to any term or condition, you should not access or otherwise use our sites. The following terms and conditions apply to all of our Web sites, including any Web sites owned, operated or sponsored by any of our subsidiaries or affiliates. "Content" refers to any materials, documents, images, graphics, logos, design, audio, video and any other information provided from or on our Web sites.1.We Provide Our Web Site For Your Convenience OnlyOur Web site is provided to you without charge as a convenience and for your information only. By merely providing access to our Web site content, we do not warrant or represent that:the content is accurate or complete;the content is up-to-date or current;we have a duty to update any content;the content is free from technical inaccuracies or typographical errors;the content is free from changes caused by third party; andyour access to our Web site will be free from interruptions, errors, computer viruses or other harmful components.We do not assume any liability for these matters. In other words, you use our Web site at your own risk. Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall we be liable for any direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages. This includes loss of data or profit arising out of the use or the inability to use the content of this Web site, even if one of our representatives has been advised of the possibility of your damages. If your use of our Web site results in your need to service, repair or correct equipment or data, you assume the costs to the extent the law allows. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages. In such jurisdictions, our liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.2.We Provide Our Web Site "As Is" and Disclaim All WarrantiesOur Web site content is provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. We disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties and merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.3.We Do Not Have Responsibility for Links to Third Party ContentWe may provide hyperlinks or pointers to other Web sites maintained by third parties or may provide third party content on our Web site by framing or other methods. The links to third party Web sites are provided for your convenience and information only. The content in any linked Web sites is not under our control so we are not responsible for the content, including any further links in a third party site. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to our Web site, you do this entirely at your own risk. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that the third party you link to for your use is free of computer viruses, worms, trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature.4.If We Provide a Link, We Do Not Necessarily Endorse A Third PartyWe reserve the right to terminate a link to a third party Web site at any time. The fact that we provide a link to a third party Web site does not mean that we endorse, authorize or sponsor that Web site. It also does not mean that we are affiliated with the third party Web site's owners or sponsors.5.If a Third Party Links to Our Web Site, It is Not An EndorsementIf a third party links to our Web site, it is not necessarily an indication of an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, affiliation, joint venture or partnership by or with us. In most cases, we are not aware that a third party has linked to our Web site.A Web site that links to our Web site:May link to, but not replicate, our content;Should not create a browser, border environment or frame our content;Should not imply that we are endorsing it or its products;Should not misrepresent its relationship with us;Should not present false information about our products or services; andShould not contain content that could be construed as distasteful, offensive or controversial, and should contain only content that is appropriate for all age groups.6.If You Transmit or Provide Data to Us, It is Non-ConfidentialWe do not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our Web site. If you transmit to or post on our Web site any material, data, information or idea by any means, it will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and may be disseminated or used by us for any purpose. Personal data provided to us will be handled in accordance with our policies regarding privacy.You are not authorized to post on or transmit to or from our Web site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material, or any other content that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law.7.Your Use of Our Web Site is RestrictedOur Web site and its content are owned and operated by us. Our Web site's content is copyrighted and protected by U.S. and worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. In addition, our Web site content is protected by trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.No content from www.imr-corp.com, or any other Web site owned, operated, licensed or controlled by us may be copied, reproduced, republished, modified, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. You also may not, without our permission, "mirror" any material contained on our Web site on any other server. The sole exceptions to these restrictions are:you obtain written permission from us to waive these restrictions; oryou may download one copy of the content on a single computer for informational, non-commercial and personal use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices and do not modify, and will not copy or post, the content on any network computer or broadcast in any media.Violation of these restrictions will be a violation of one or more laws and is expressly prohibited by law. If you violate these restrictions, you may be subject to civil and criminal penalties. If we grant you permission to waive these restrictions, the permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded materials and printed materials.The following is a non-exclusive list of registered trademarks, registered service marks, or trademarks or service marks of International Microelectronics Research Corporation or its subsidiaries, in the United States and/or other countries or jurisdictions:  IMR, International Microelectronics Research Corporation.To the extent a name, logo or design does not appear on the above list, such lack of appearance does not constitute a waiver of any intellectual property rights that International Microelectronics Research Corporation has established in its product or service names or logos, or in product configurations or designs, all of which rights are expressly reserved.8.By Providing Content, We Do Not Allow You to Use Our TrademarksThe trademarks, service marks and logos of International Microelectronics Research Corporation used and displayed on our Web site are our registered and unregistered trademarks.  Nothing on this Web site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of our trademarks without our written permission. Requests to use trademarks owned by other companies which may be mentioned on this Web site should be directed to such other companies. We aggressively enforce our intellectual property rights. The name of International Microelectronics Research Corporation or our logo may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on our Web site, without prior written permission.9.We Are Not Providing Investment Advice Nor Soliciting OffersNothing in this site constitutes investment advice. In addition, our other Web site content are not offers to sell or solicitations of an offer to buy any security.All investors should know that there are "ups" and "downs" in every business and stock. There are no guarantees about the future performance of the stock market or our stock. Before you invest in any security, you can protect yourself by being an educated investor. If you are interested in our stock, we recommend that, at a minimum, you request our prospectus and full disclosure documents.  It is also advisable to learn more about us and our industry through a variety of public materials.10.Investors Should Not Rely on Forward-Looking InformationSome of the statements on our Web Site, including any relating to projected future financial performance or events, are considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, specifically the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements give our expectations or forecasts of future events. Sometimes these statements will use words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "outlook," "forecast," and other similar words. These statements are not guarantees of our future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause our actual performance to be materially different from those we project.Our actual results will be different due to the inherent nature of projections and may be better or worse than projected. Given these uncertainties, you should not rely on forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements also represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date that they initially were made. We expressly disclaim a duty to provide updates to any forward-looking statements, and the estimates and assumptions associated with them, to reflect events or circumstances or changes in expectations or the occurrence of anticipated events after the date they initially were made.In addition to the factors set forth in our disclosure documents, the following factors could affect the forward- looking statements: the ability to achieve or quantify savings for our customers or ourselves through our cost-cutting program and other financial management programs; difficulties in developing and producing operationally advanced technology systems; the competitive environment; economic, business and political conditions domestically and internationally; the timing and customer acceptance of product deliveries and launches; the outcome of contingencies, including litigation, environmental remediation, program performance, and completion of any acquisitions and divestitures. These are only some of the numerous factors which may affect the forward-looking statements contained on our Web Site.11.You Must Obey Local Laws in Accessing Our Web SiteThis site is controlled by us from our offices within the United States of America. We make no representation that content or materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in other jurisdictions. If you choose to access this site from other jurisdictions, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. We are not responsible for any law violations. You may not use or export the materials in this site in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. Any claims relating to our Web site and its content and materials shall be governed by the laws of the State of Idaho without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. You agree that any legal action or proceeding between us for any purpose concerning this Agreement or the parties' obligations shall be brought exclusively in a federal or state court in Idaho.12.You are Bound by Changes in this Agreement's Terms and ConditionsWe may at any time revise these terms and conditions by updating this posting. By using our Web site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current International Microelectronics Research Corporation Web Site User Agreement and Disclaimers to which you are bound. Certain provisions of these terms and conditions may be superseded by other legal notices or terms located on parts of our Web site. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any other written agreement between International Microelectronics Research Corporation and its customers or vendors, the express terms and conditions of the latter agreement shall prevail.13.You Agree to Indemnify Us for Using Our Web SiteYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless International Microelectronics Research Corporation, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party information providers to us from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of this Agreement by you.14.Third Parties May Have Rights Under This AgreementSome of the provisions of this Agreement are for the benefit of International Microelectronics Research Corporation and its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers. Each of these individuals or entities shall have the right to assert and enforce those provisions directly against you on its own behalf.15.How This Agreement May Be TerminatedThis Agreement may be terminated by either party without notice at any time for any reason; provided that you may no longer use our Web site after you have terminated this Agreement. Provisions 2, 6, 7, 8, 12, 14, and 15 of this Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement.MiscellaneousOur failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of this Agreement. We may assign our rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. Website Privacy NoticeThis Privacy Notice provides important information about your privacy in connection with your use of International Microelectronics Research Corporation websites. Please review it carefully. Your continued use of this website constitutes your agreement with this Privacy Notice and any subsequent updates.Our Commitment to PrivacyAt International Microelectronics Research Corporation your privacy is important to us. We are committed to complying with all applicable federal, state, local, and International privacy laws and regulations. We strive to provide an environment in which our employees, customers, stockholders, and partners trust us to handle personal information responsibly. We provide this privacy notice as part of our commitment to privacy by describing what personal information we collect, how we use it, how we protect it, and with whom we share it.Scope of This NoticeThis notice applies to all visitors to our corporate website and affiliated websites sponsored by the Corporation.  To make this notice easy to find, we make it available in the footer of every web page where it applies.What Information We Collect and How We Use ItWhile visiting our website you may be asked to voluntarily provide personal information in order to accomplish the purpose of your visit. The specific information that you may choose to provide will depend on the nature of the transaction to be completed and is always voluntary.How We Protect Your InformationWe use reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information you provide to us against loss, misuse, or unauthorized access. All personal information that we collect is protected using industry standard computer security and industrial security practices.Cookies and Other Website Technical ConsiderationsOur website uses modern web application methods that result in the automatic collection and storage of certain data that some may consider to be personal or personally identifiable information. This includes your Internet Protocol or IP addresses, type of browser that you use, and other technical data about your computing environment. This information is stored in server logs that we maintain and review for the purpose of improving and supporting the secure operation of our website. We use “cookies” on our website to enhance the experience of our visitors, such as retaining user preferences between sessions. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer. Cookies cannot be used to deliver viruses to your computer, they are uniquely assigned to you, and our cookies can only be read by our web servers. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies or, if you prefer, you can modify your web browser settings to decline all cookies or selectively decline cookies as they are offered. Our website may contain links to other websites. You should carefully review the privacy notices and practices of other websites, as we cannot control or be responsible for the privacy practices of sites not affiliated with International Microelectronics Research Corporation.With Whom We Share Your InformationInformation collected from you by International Microelectronics Research Corporation will not be shared with third parties for purposes other than in support of International Microelectronics Research Corporation's operations and as necessary to facilitate the purpose for which you provided it. In some cases we may share the information with service providers retained by the Corporation to provide services on its behalf. These providers will use your information only to accomplish the task for which they have been retained. International Microelectronics Research Corporation is a United States corporation. From whatever place you provide information to this website, you should expect that it will be processed and viewed in the United States. Your use of this website constitutes your consent for any cross-border data transfer resulting from such use. Your information may also be shared under the following circumstances (i) if we are required to do so by law enforcement authorities or government agencies, and (ii) in connection with investigations or other efforts to prevent illegal activities or pertaining to public safety.Children’s PrivacyInternational Microelectronics Research Corporation websites are not designed with the intent to attract the collection of information from children under the age of 13. We ask that children under the age of 13 not submit any personal information to us while viewing our website.Updates to This Privacy Notice and to Your InformationWe may update this Privacy Notice periodically without prior notice to reflect changes in our practice. Updates will be dated and posted on our corporate website. If you volunteered personal information to International Microelectronics Research Corporation and would like to update it, please visit the portion of this site where you submitted the information and follow the directions there to submit any changes.How to Contact usIf you have questions relating to this Privacy Notice, or for any questions you might have about our privacy practices, please contact us.
Privacy
Contact Us
Terms of Use & Privacy Disclaimer