https://www.kiwisforkiwi.org/privacy-policy/
Kiwis for kiwi››Privacy Policy
General
In this privacy policy, the terms ‘we’, ‘us’, and ‘our’ refer to The Kiwi Trust (trading as Kiwis for kiwi). Our office is at Ground Floor, Bldg 2, Carlaw Park Commercial, 12-16 Nicholls Lane, Parnell, Auckland 1010. The word ‘you’ refers to all those that interact with The Kiwi Trust, including but not limited to subscribers to our newsletters, visitors to our website, purchasers of our products, volunteers, fundraisers and donors.
This privacy policy explains how we may collect, store, use, and disclose personal information that you provide to us. By providing personal information (as defined in the Privacy Act 1993) to us or by using our website, you agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. The collection, use, storage, disclosure, and correction of personal information by The Kiwi Trust are governed by the Privacy Act 1993. It is The Kiwi Trust’s intention that this policy will protect your personal information from being dealt with in any way that is inconsistent with applicable privacy laws in New Zealand.
Collection of personal information
We may collect your personal information in various ways. This information includes and is not limited to:
Information that is voluntarily provided to us when you contact us (including, your name, email address, phone number, postal address and date of birth), for example, when filling in a form or survey or making a donation;
Information that is collected from our website by tracking your click behaviour including the content you access and any services you utilise, and information collected by us through cookies; and
Aggregated information related to our website traffic that may not identify you as an individual but may help us with insights into the website’s usage.
It is your choice whether you provide us with the requested personal information. However, if you choose not to provide us with your personal information, we may not be able to respond to interactions with The Kiwi Trust suitably, for example, if you make a donation and do not provide a contact address, we may not be able to provide a receipt.
Use of personal information
We may use your personal information for the following purposes:
To acknowledge and thank you for your donations;
To let you know about the impact that your donations have made;
To respond to any questions you may have for us;
To update you on any other information related to our business that we think you may be interested in;
Inviting you to participate in campaigns, appeals or research for Kiwis for kiwi; and
Internal analysis and record keeping.
If you provide us with electronic contact details (for example, email address or mobile phone number), you agree that we may contact you using those methods and that we may send you electronic messages for any of the purposes set out in this privacy policy. You may unsubscribe from email communications at any time by using the link at the bottom of our emails.
Disclosure
We may disclose your personal information to service providers, contractors, and agents, such as marketing and analysis contractors, auditors, information technology and web support contractors, employee contribution schemes and banking agencies who are contracted to assist us in our operations.
We may also disclose your personal information if required or authorised to do so by law.
Storage and security
Any personal information that you provide us may be collected and held in physical or electronic form by The Kiwi Trust database system or the systems of our related parties and/or service providers. Where your personal information is provided to us electronically (including over the internet) we cannot ensure or warrant the complete security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
Access to personal information
Under the Privacy Act 1993, you have the rights of access to, and correction of, your personal information. If you would like to talk to us about any communications that we send to you, you can contact us at any time at enquiries@kiwisforkiwi.org or during normal business hours (Monday – Friday, 9am – 5pm excluding public holidays) on +64 (0)9 307 4814. If any of your personal information is incorrect, please let us know.
Website usage
Cookies
If you visit The Kiwi Trust’s website at https://www.kiwisforkiwi.org/, the website may utilise “cookies” which enable us to monitor traffic patterns and to serve you more efficiently if you revisit the site. Cookies are small files saved to your computer’s hard drive that track, save and store information about your interactions and usage of our website. You can control whether cookies are used by adjusting your web browser’s security settings to disable cookies.
Tracking
Our website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics, which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy here for further information [ http://www.google.com/privacy.html ].
External links
We provide links to external sites that we think may be of interest to our website visitors. We do not have control over the operation or content of these third party websites and we do not accept any responsibility for the content or other material that may be contained on such websites. The use of any third party sites is at your own risk and we recommend that you read the privacy policies and other terms and conditions of third party sites that you access.
Changes to our privacy policy
Our privacy policy may be varied by us from time to time by us amending this privacy policy as published on the website at https://www.kiwisforkiwi.org/ or by notice to you. You agree that this privacy policy as so varied will apply to our collection and use of your personal information.
You can helpsave kiwi
Donate
Keep up with the latest kiwi news
Follow
Connect with Kiwis for kiwi on Facebook
Follow Kiwis for kiwi on Twitter
Subscribe to Kiwi for kiwi's YouTube channel
Follow Kiwis for kiwi on Instagram