https://www.ecophysics.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
ECO PHYSICS Privacy Policy
Thank you very much for your interest in our Website https://www.ecophysics.com.
This privacy policy will explain how ECO PHYSICS AG (thereafter “ECO PHYSICS”) uses the personal data we collect from you when you visit our website.
Topics:
What data do we collect?
How do we collect your data?
How will we use your data?
Marketing
What are your data protection rights?
What are cookies?
How do we use cookies?
What types of cookies do we use?
How to manage cookies
Google Analytics
Mailchimp Newsletter
Privacy policies of other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
What data do we collect?ECO PHYSICS collects the following data:
Personal identification information (Name, address, email address, phone number, etc.) for any information request via our website, as well as for registration for our CostumerNet and PartnerNet
For certain functions of the CustomerNet and PartnerNet, details of the product you own are required, including product name, software version and serial number
Email address for signing up for our newsletter
How do we collect your data?You directly provide ECO PHYSICS with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Register online for our PartnerNet or CustomerNet, request information or place an order for any of our products or services
Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email
Sign up for our newsletter
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies
ECO PHYSICS may also receive your data indirectly from the following sources:
ECO PHYSICS Affiliates & Partner Companies (distributors)
How will we use your data?ECO PHYSICS collects your data so that we can:
Process your order and manage your account.
Email you information on our products (e. g. software updates) or company news
Email you with special offers on other products and services we think you might like
Answer your requests received via our website
ECO PHYSICS might share your data with our partner companies (distributors) so that they may offer you their products and services. For a list of our distributors please see the sales section of our website.When ECO PHYSICS processes your order, it may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, credit reference agencies to prevent fraudulent purchases.
MarketingECO PHYSICS would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like, as well as those of our partner companies. For a list of our distributors please see the sales section of our website.If you have agreed to receive marketing information, you may always opt out at a later date.You have the right at any time to stop ECO PHYSICS from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your data to other members of the ECO PHYSICS distributors.If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please send an email to info@ecophysics.com.
What are your data protection rights?ECO PHYSICS would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data from ECO PHYSICS. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that ECO PHYSICS corrects any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request ECO PHYSICS to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that ECO PHYSICS erases your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that ECO PHYSICS restricts the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to ECO PHYSICS processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that ECO PHYSICS transfers the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us via email: info@ecophysics.com
What are Cookies?Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our website, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.For further information, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?ECO PHYSICS uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:
Keeping you signed in
Understanding how you use our Website
What types of cookies do we use?There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses the following types:Functionality – ECO PHYSICS uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.Advertising – ECO PHYSICS uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address. ECO PHYSICS sometimes shares some limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website.
How to manage cookiesYou can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Google AnalyticsOur website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies (see chapter above) about your use of the website. The information stored in these cookies, including for example your IP address, time, place and frequency of visits is stored by Google on servers in the US. This service allows us to analyze how you use our website and to improve our website offering in the future. You can prevent the storage of cookies via the relevant setting in your browser software. Please note, however, that in this case you may not be able to use all of the functions on this website. You can also prevent the recording of the data collected by the cookie with respect to your use of the website (including your IP address), as well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the following browser plugin: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Opt-out cookies prevent your data from being collected during any future visits to the respective website. In order to prevent the collection of data by Universal Analytics across multiple devices, you must opt out on all the systems that you use. Google has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. For more information, please see Google’s privacy policy: policies.google.com/privacy
Mailchimp NewsletterWe use MailChimp, a service provided by The Rocket Science Group, to send out our periodic newsletter. Mailchimp allows us to organize and analyze the distribution of our newsletter. When you sign up for our newsletter, your name and email address will be stored on a MailChimp server in the US. MailChimp has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. When you open one of our newsletters sent through MailChimp, a file in the email (a web beacon) is returned to MailChimp. The file includes information such as when you have opened the newsletter, which links you clicked on, as well as technical information (IP address, browser type and operating system, etc). We use the information to statistically analyze our newsletters and to better serve you in the future. You can unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the end of each newsletter email. For further information, see the Mailchimp privacy policy: mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/.
Privacy policies of other websitesThe ECO PHYSICS website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policyECO PHYSICS keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated in May 2019.
How to contact usIf you have any questions about the ECO PHYSICS privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at: info@ecophysics.com
Upcoming EventsNo events Event LocationsNo locations ECO PHYSICS AG Bubikonerstrasse 45
8635 Duernten
Switzerland
Tel: +41 55 220 22 22
Fax: +41 55 220 22 55
info@ecophysics.com
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok