https://www.galchimia.com/cookie-policy/
+34 981 814 506 | +34 636 988 164
hello@galchimia.com
Why GalChimia
GalChimia at a glance
Team
Facilities
Client testimonials
Our philosophy
Join us
R&D
Project portfolio
Scientific explotation and dissemination
Services
Discovery Chemistry
Process Chemistry
Analytical Chemistry
Five reasons to choose GalChimia
FAQs
Chemical Catalog
News
Contact
My account
0
Shopping Cart
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Total:
0,00€
Cookie Policy
With GalChimia, things are not the same as without us
According to the provisions of Royal Decree 13/2012, which modifies the “Information Society
and Electronic Commerce Services Act” (LSSICE), we inform you that the service provider is obliged to obtain the express consent of the users of all websites that use non-essential cookies prior to browsing.
What are cookies?
Cookies and other similar technologies, such as local shared objects, flash cookies and pixels, are tools used by web servers to store and retrieve information about website visitors, as well as to ensure the correct functioning of the website. These devices allow the web server to remember certain information about the user, such as their page viewing preferences, name and password, products that interest them most, etc.
Cookies affected by and exempt from regulations
Under EU legislation, the cookies that require the user’s informed consent are analytical cookies and advertising and affiliate cookies, while technical cookies and those necessary for the operation of the website or the provision of services expressly requested by the user are exempt.
What types of cookies are there?
There are five main groups of cookies:
Analytical cookies: they collect information on how the website is used.
Social cookies: they are required for external social networks.
Affiliate cookies: these make it possible to track visits from other websites, with which the website has an affiliate agreement (affiliate companies).
Advertising and behavioural cookies: they collect information about the user’s personal preferences and choices (retargeting).
Technical and functional cookies: they are strictly necessary for the use of the website and for the provision of the contracted service.
Cookies used on this website
PHPSession: First-party “strictly necessary” session cookie used by the PHP encryption language to allow session variables to be saved on the web server. Expiry: the end of the session.
_ga: Third-party analytical cookie used to register user identification. Expiry: 2 years
_gat: Third-party analytical cookie used to analyse browsing behaviours. Expiry: 10 minutes
_gid: Third-party analytical cookie used to register user ID. Expiry: 24 hours.
_drip_client_6994213: First-party session cookie used to remember previous actions when returning to a page in the same session. Expiry: persistent
wordpress_test_cookie: Third-party analytical cookie that allows the WordPress content manager to check whether the browser has cookies enabled. Expiry: end of browsing session.
wp-settings-1: Third-party customisation cookie used by the WordPress CMS for the storage of access preferences and users. Expiry: 1 year.
wp-settings-time-1: Third-party customisation cookie used to customise the user interface. Expiry: 1 yearMore information about the processing carried out by Google Analytics can be found here.
Withdrawal of consent to install cookies.
How can cookies be deleted from the browser?
Chrome
Select the Tools icon.
Click on Settings.
Click on Advanced.
Under “Privacy and security”, click Content settings.
Delete cookies: Click on See all cookies and site data…
Remove all.
Click Clear browsing data (empty the Cache).
Close and restart the browser.
For more information about Chrome, click here
Internet Explorer Version 11
Select Tools | Internet Options.
Click on the General tab.
In the “Browsing history” section, click Delete browsing history on exit.
Select Delete.
Select Cookies.
Click on Delete.
Click on OK.
Close and restart the browser.
For more information about Internet Explorer, click here
Firefox: Version 18
Select Firefox | History | Clear recent history
Next to “Details”, click on the down arrow.
Select the following check boxes: Cookies, Cache, Active logins
Under “Time range to clear” in the drop-down menu, select Everything.
Click Clear now.
Close and restart the browser.
You can accept or reject cookies individually in the Firefox Preferences, in the History section
available in Tools> Options> Privacy.
For more information about Mozilla Firefox, click here
Safari Version 5.1
Select the Safari / Edit icon | Reset Safari.
Select the following check boxes: Clear history, Remove all website data
Click on Reset
Close and restart the browser.
For more information about Safari, click here
Opera
Options – Advanced – Cookies.
The cookie options control the way in which Opera handles and therefore accepts or rejects cookies.
For more information about Opera click here
Other browsers
Check the documentation of the browser you have installed.
We use (our own and third-party) cookies for personalization and advertising purposes to create profiles based on your web browsing history, for example, to show you personalized content. You can accept all cookies by clicking "Accept", or configure them in Settings.
Accept
Reject
Settings
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Third party cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Check our privacy policy here.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Third party cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Changes