http://www.bee-craft.com/privacy-policy
LOGIN
Toggle navigation
Home
Bee Keeping
About BeeCraft
Shop
Advertisements
The Buzz
Events
Contact Us
£0.00 - 0 items
Privacy Policy
Home
> Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice to Subscribers
This is to let you know how BeeCraft Ltd promises to look after your personal information. We have always been very careful with subscribers’ and customers’ personal information, but the new Data Protection Act 2018 introduces the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) to UK law from 25th May 2018 and requires us to be more specific.
In simple terms we promise to keep your personal data (i.e. items of information that can identify you) safe and private, nor will we ever sell it. We will also give you ways to manage and review your data.
Your privacy is legally protected. Under the law we must have a good reason for holding your personal data. We believe we both have a shared legitimate interest; without your data we will not be able to send you the magazine to which you have subscribed.
The law also gives you rights, which we at BeeCraft Ltd are happy to respect:
If we need to use your personal data for anything further, we will ask your permission first. You will be able to refuse to agree and we will respect your decision.
If you want a copy of the information we hold about you we will send it to you in an accessible format within a month, normally without charge.
If you find that there is anything inaccurate in the information, or if something changes (e.g. you move house), do please tell us and we will amend it immediately.
We would like to keep your personal data if your subscription should lapse, largely because should you need assistance accessing your digital versions of Bee Craft then having your subscription and personal data means that we can confirm what editions you should be able to view and provide you with technical assistance to help you view them.
We also find it very helpful to be able to look at circulation statistics and allied figures over time, in order to improve our service. However, the law says we must delete your personal data if you tell us to do so. Colloquially it is called ‘the right to be forgotten’.
If, during your subscription, you think there is some item of your personal data that we don’t need when delivering your magazine then you can require us to delete that item from our records.
You must understand that in order to send out the magazine each month we share your name and address with the printers. They use that to address the envelopes but they do not keep the information. We also have a contract with them that requires them to protect your information with the same care that we do.
If you subscribe to Bee Craft via your Beekeeping branch or association, then you should know that we liaise with your beekeeping branch to ensure that we hold the correct details for you to fulfil your subscription request.
If you have a question about any of this, then the best person to speak to (or email) is our administrator who can be reached via secretary@bee-craft.com
Subscribe to BeeCraft Magazine
UK
Europe/ROI
World
£24.00* -
Digital Subscription | 12 months
£35.00* -
UK Printed Subscription | 12 months
£65.00 -
UK Printed Subscription | 24 months
* UK residents over the age of 18 can subscribe to BeeCraft via Direct Debit and save up to £5 on your subscription. For more information on our Direct Debit scheme, please click here.
£24.00 -
Digital Subscription | 12 months
£45.00 -
Digital Subscription | 24 months
£55.00 -
RoI & European Printed Subscription | 12 months
£24.00 -
Digital Subscription | 12 months
£45.00 -
Digital Subscription | 24 months
£75.00 -
Worldwide Printed Subscription | 12 months
Sign up to our Timely Reminders
First name
Last name
Email Address
Copyright © 2018 BeeCraft Ltd
The Independent Voice of British Beekeeping Website by Digital Nachos
USEFUL LINKS
Returns & Refunds policy Terms & Conditions Delivery Information
Privacy Policy Digital FAQs Contact Us