http://www.jonesandstokes.com/careers/government-policy-advisors
Be on Alert – Fraudulent Employment Offers. Learn More
A statement on social injustice. Click to read more.
Careers
All Jobs
The ICF Experience
Benefits
FAQs
Talent Network
MENU
Meet the Government Policy Advisors
Advancing the public good
Creatives
Threat Experts
Scientists
Consultants & Subject Matter Experts
Program & Project Managers
Researchers
Communicators
Technologists
Analysts
Planners
Government Policy Advisors
Technicians
Our Government Policy Advisors bring years of in-depth, agency experience to ICF. Program Managers and Directors join Technical Directors and Domain Specialists on diverse teams doing mission-driven work.
Agencies need help with the daily challenges of government life, so our experts swoop in to sort out the details. They oversee the well-being of programs across the ICF portfolio by running teams, governing financials, developing new business, and managing clients.
This seasoned group of strategists, communicators, and leaders have a true passion for the full lifecycle of public policy development and implementation.
With the backing of ICF’s broad resources and talent, Government Policy Experts apply a wide radius of influence and impact to our clients’ missions.
Join our talent network
ICF is growing, and we add new open roles to our site regularly. If you're waiting for that perfect opportunity at ICF or want an inside look at what it's like to do world-changing work, join our talent network to stay updated.
Join now
“Working at ICF gives you the opportunity to take all of the knowledge, experience, and expertise you've developed in your career and increase the capacity of your passion.”
Hot Jobs For Government Policy Advisors
Interesting picks from across our markets
Public Policy-Engineering/Regulatory Specialist
Dec 10, 2020
Fairfax, Virginia, United States of America
Transportation Technology and Emerging Mobility Director
Dec 3, 2020
Washington, District of Columbia, United States of America
Transportation Specialist
Dec 2, 2020
Washington, District of Columbia, United States of America
Junior Training Consultant
Nov 30, 2020
Brussels, Brussels-Capital Region, Belgium
Data Analyst
Nov 24, 2020
Washington, District of Columbia, United States of America
Data Engineer
Nov 24, 2020
Washington, District of Columbia, United States of America
SQL and SSRS Developer
Nov 20, 2020
London, United Kingdom
Consultant - Food policy
Nov 16, 2020
Multiple locations
SEE MORE POSITIONS
ICF stories for Government Policy Advisors
Four Tips for Acing Your ICF Interview — Straight From the Recruiting Team
Making HIV.gov: The First Truly Mobile Federal Website
Our Corporate Citizenship Report
Getting Ahead With Personal Branding
Inside ICF
Explore all
Article
Data tool gets BETTER results, gaining accolades for innovation
E863CFDC-E4F9-44F8-A33B-EC91C168E6EA
Created with sketchtool.
Article
Our refreshed identity
E863CFDC-E4F9-44F8-A33B-EC91C168E6EA
Created with sketchtool.
Article
Visualizing a world without HIV/AIDS
E863CFDC-E4F9-44F8-A33B-EC91C168E6EA
Created with sketchtool.
More about ICF
Who is ICF?
A consulting services company of over 5,000 experts across 67 countries, but not your typical consultants
LEARN MORE ABOUT ICF
Search all jobs
Search hundreds of positions by category, type, industry, and region.
FIND YOUR PLACE AT ICF
Work life at ICF
Apply a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day.
DISCOVER THE ICF EXPERIENCE
Join our talent network
ICF is growing, and we add new open roles to our site regularly. If you're waiting for that perfect opportunity at ICF or want an inside look at what it's like to do world-changing work, join our talent network to stay updated.
JOIN NOW