https://www.microdaq.com/privacy-policy/
We use cookies on this website to improve your shopping experience. We use cookies to remember log-in details and provide secure log-in, collect statistics to optimize site functionality, and deliver content tailored to your interests.Click accept to give your consent to accept cookies and go directly to the site or click on more information to see detailed descriptions of the types of cookies we store.
Click Here To Learn About Cookie Settings...
Cookie Settings
Accept
Newsletter Signup
My Account |
Check Order Status |
My Cart |
Checkout |
Cookie preference |
Cookie Settings |
Log In |
Contact Us
Toll Free: 1-877-275-9606(603) 746-5524
Shopping cart item - $0.00
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Subtotal: $0.00
COVID-19 Update: MicroDAQ.com, Ltd. is open for business and assisting our customers to the best of our abilities during these unprecedented challenging times. Please read our updated COVID-19 Statement here.
Data LoggersBrowse by Measurement
Temperature
Thermocouple
Pressure
Air Quality
Bridge and Strain Gauge
Carbon Dioxide
Carbon Monoxide
Conductivity and Salinity
Light
Humidity
Current
Voltage
Water Level/Depth
Dissolved Oxygen
Energy & Power
Frequency
Pulse, Count and Event
Shock, Vibration and Acceleration
Voltage & Current
Power Quality
pH
Sound Level
Multifunction
Air Flow
State Change On/Off
Pasteurization
Browse by Manufacturer
AccuEnergy
ACR Systems
AEMC
Berlinger
Continental Control Systems
Dent Instruments
Emerson
Extech
Flir
Graphtec America
Lascar Electronics
LogTag Recorders
Measurement Computing Corp
Monarch Instrument
MSR Electronics
Onset Computer
Paragon Robotics
Reed Instruments
S3 Cases
Senonics
Sensaphone
Star-Oddi
Supco - Sealed Unit Parts Company
TandD
Telaire
Testo
VersaLog
United Security Products
Other Products
Data Acquisition
Weather Stations
Chart Recorders
Water Flow Meters
Calibrators
Infrared Thermometers
Hygrometers
Stroboscopes
Tachometers
Meters and Monitors
Thermocouples
Current Transformers
Panel Meter Displays
Miscellaneous Accessories
Batteries
Clamp Meters
Current Probes
Applications
Aerospace
Steam Sterilization
Automotive
Bed Bug Eradication
Bridge/Strain
Cannabis Cultivation
Cold Chain
Concrete
Dry Ice & Cryogenic
Energy
Environmental
Exhaust Temperature Monitoring
Food
Greenhouse/Growing
HVAC
Manufacturing
Medical
Museum and Art Preservation
Predictive Maintenance
Remote Monitoring
Shipping and Transportation
Vaccine Monitoring Kits for VFC
Warehouse
Weather
Vaccine Monitoring
Calibration
Software Downloads
Contact Us
Purchase Terms/Return Policy
Home
/
MicroDAQ.com - Privacy Policy
MicroDAQ.com Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This statement of Privacy explains which personal data we (MicroDAQ.com, Ltd.) collect and how we use such personal data when you use the MicroDAQ.com website to make purchases or utilize any services we provide.
This privacy statement covers both historical and future personal data. By agreeing to this policy you agree to your data being processed, this includes not only personal data collected from you in the future in accordance with this privacy statement, but also your personal data that we might already have on file through previous interactions.
Information We Collect
We collect personal information from you when you create an account on our site, place an order, request services, or subscribe to our newsletter.  When using any of these services you may be asked to provide your full name, company name, email address, billing/shipping address, phone number, and in some cases, industry.  Some information is collected automatically when you use our site, such as information from your device and Internet browser, which may include: the device you use to access or use our site, your IP address, the type of browser or application you are using to access our products and services, the identity of the page or feature you are requesting, referring and exit pages and URLs, platform types, preferences you submit and preferences that are generated based on the data you submit, and number of clicks (collectively, “Non-Identifiable Data”). We also collect information through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other technology. See below for more details.
How We Use Your Information
The information we collect from you may be used to further MicroDAQ.com’s legitimate interests in one of the following ways:
To provide our products and services and as necessary to fulfill any terms and conditions, including for the specific purposes for which you provide the information.
To personalize your experience – Your information helps us to better respond to your personal needs.
To improve our customer service – Having your information allows us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions – We collect information that is necessary for us to accurately fulfill orders placed on the site, create quotes, and process returns.
To send periodic emails – The email address you provide will be used to send you information and updates about your order and if you choose* we may send you occasional company news, updates, product announcements or service information.  *You must opt in to receive our newsletter or be included in our email marketing efforts.
To attempt to keep our products and services secure and to protect against fraud, spam, and abuse.
To comply with legal obligations, court orders or to prosecute and defend legal claims.
To protect MicroDAQ.com’s or a third party’s legitimate interests.
To further a public interest.
To use information in accordance with your consent, which you can revoke at any time.
How We Protect Your Information
MicroDAQ.com incorporates physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to protect the confidentiality of your personal information, including SSL encryption for all webpages and financial transactions throughout our site.  We also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities. Access to your personal information is restricted to only employees who need access in order to carry out a specific job function related to business you conduct with us.  When you visit MicroDAQ.com you access servers that are kept in a secure physical location and are behind a secure electronic firewall.
How Long We Keep Your Information
We keep your personal data for as long as we consider necessary or reasonable to comply with the applicable laws, or for as long as this is necessary for the purposes for which they were collected. We delete your personal data as soon as they are no longer required, if you request that we delete your information (as described below), and in any case after the end of the maximum retention period prescribed by law.
Use of Your Information
We may share or use your information when we have your consent.  You may revoke your consent at any time by providing notice to us at privacy@microdaq.com.   We may also preserve or disclose your personal information at the request of law enforcement or government agencies or in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process to establish, protect, or exercise our legal or other rights or to defend against a legal claim or as otherwise required or allowed by law. We may preserve or disclose your personal information in order to protect the rights, property, or safety of a user or any other person. We may preserve or disclose your personal information to investigate or prevent a violation by you of any contractual or other relationship with us or your illegal or harmful activity.  We may disclose your information with third parties if we provide notifications under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
Sharing Information
We DO NOT sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.  This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.  We may share non-personally identifiable visitor information with third parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Online advertising
MicroDAQ.com uses multiple advertising, marketplace and social media platforms to promote our products and services across the internet. These third party vendors will place tracking cookies on your computer or device, so that they may promote our products or services. These cookies DO NOT identify you or give access to your computer. These cookies allow us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.
Cookie policy
Cookies are small text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or device when you visit a website.  Cookies send data back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or shares data with another website that recognizes that cookie.
Cookies do not typically identify you as an individual, just the device you are using. For further information on cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Third party vendors, whose services we use, including Google, will place cookies on web browsers to serve ads based on past site visits to our website. These same third parties use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our website. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our products and services to those who have shown previous interest in said products and services.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page.
MicroDAQ.com utilizes trusted third parties for external services like web traffic analysis and advertising. These trusted third parties may also use cookies on our site.
Children’s Privacy
The services of MicroDAQ.com are intended for general audiences and not for children under the age of 13.  We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 and if we become aware of such collection, we will take reasonable steps to delete such information as soon as practicable.
Business transfers
In the event we undergo a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your personal information may be among the assets transferred. Any acquirer of our assets may continue to process your personal information as set forth in this Policy.
Correcting, updating, accessing, or removing personal information
You can correct, update, or remove your personal information if it changes or if you no longer want to receive information from us beyond information related to our services. This can be done by emailing a request to privacy@microdaq.com. You may also request access to your personal information that we collect by sending a request to privacy@microdaq.com. We may not be able to completely remove your personal information from our systems in certain circumstances. For example, we may retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, if it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, if required by law, or as retained in our data backup systems or cached or archived pages. All of your personal information that we keep will continue to be subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.  Note also that some of the content you have shared or that others have copied may remain visible after you delete your account.  Some of your information might remain visible in search engine results until their caches refresh.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us at privacy@microdaq.com.
Users outside the United States
MicroDAQ.com’s website is hosted in the United States and is governed by United States law. If you are using the site from outside the United States, please be aware that your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using our site, you consent to your personal information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.  This policy was written in English. To the extent a translated version conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.
Rights of users in the European Union
If you are a resident of the European Union (“EU”), MicroDAQ.com is the controller of your personal data for the purposes of EU data protection law. If you are habitually located in the European Union, you have the right to access, rectify, download or erase your information, as well as the right to restrict to and object to certain processing of your information.  While some rights apply generally, some are limited to specific circumstances.  You can access and port much of your information by sending a formal request to us at privacy@microdaq.com.  You can rectify, restrict, limit or delete much of your data by sending a formal request to us at privacy@microdaq.com.  MicroDAQ.com will respond to requests within 10 business days.  You can object to the processing of your information in certain circumstances and MicroDAQ.com will cease processing your information unless there are legitimate grounds to continue to process or when necessary for legal reasons.  You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing your information at any time.  You can withdraw consent by sending us a formal request to do so at privacy@microdaq.com.  In some instances, MicroDAQ.com may continue to process information after consent has been withdrawn if there is a legal basis to do so or if the withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities.  You may raise a concern about MicroDAQ.com’s use of your information, without any prejudice to any rights you have, by contacting your local supervisory authority.
Contact Information
To make any requests pursuant to this Policy or to ask any questions about it, you may contact us by email at privacy@microdaq.com or by mail by writing to:
MicroDAQ.com, Ltd. Attn: Privacy Officer 879 Maple Street Contoocook, NH 03229
All subject access requests must come from the account owner.  For example: if making a request to delete personal data associated with a parent “company” account, then the request must come from an authorized company agent at the corporate level. This rule would apply to any subject access request that might affect another person or stakeholder.
We reserve the right to request proof of account/information ownership before processing any subject access requests.
Reach of this Policy
The majority of personal information we collect is obtained online through our website and this Privacy Policy is limited to that information.  We also may collect information from you offline, where we also try to safeguard the privacy of your personal information.  Your personal information might be collected when you communicate with us by phone, mail, or fax.  We will only ask for personal information we need to process your request or transaction.  If we need to store information, such as a credit card number to process a service or order, it is entered into our database using SSL encryption (see How We Protect Your Information above).  There are other ways we might learn of personal information offline (such as through written materials included with an item you are shipping to us), and this Privacy Policy doesn’t discuss or attempt to predict all those methods or uses. We will always treat any offline collection, uses, and disclosures of information consistently with our relevant online practices.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy. We will post notice of modifications to this Privacy Policy on this page. Changes will become effective immediately but will not apply retroactively. If you do not agree to the modified Privacy Policy you should immediately discontinue your use of our site and services and delete your account.
My Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
An authorized stocking distributor of over 30 manufacturers of data logging, data acquisition and weather station products. We address the data logging and recording needs of the transportation, agricultural, pharmaceutical, HVAC/R, environmental, educational, scientific and industrial communities.
Contact Us
879 Maple Street
Contoocook, NH 03229 USA
Phone: 603-746-5524
Fax: 603-746-5384
Email Sales Department
Need Help
Our Support Team is just a click or call away!
Email Tech Support
Call: 603-746-5524
Company Resources
Request a Return
My Account
Order Status
About Us
Privacy Policy
Shipping Policy
Purchasing Terms
Open Box Specials
© 2020 MicroDAQ.com, Ltd.
All Rights Reserved.
Cookie Preferences
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Functional Cookies
More Information
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, usually in the form of cookies. This information does not usually identify you, but it does help companies to learn how their users are interacting with the site.
We respect your right to privacy, so you can choose not to accept some of these cookies. Choose from the different category headers to find out more and change your default settings.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are essential for the website to function and they cannot be turned off.   They are usually only set in response to actions made by you on the MicroDAQ.com website: Logging In, Adding Items to Your Cart or Filling in Forms. If you browse our website, you accept these cookies.
Cookies are Used By
Website and Store
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to keep track of how many people have visited our website, how they discovered us, and how they interact with the site. All the information used is aggregated, and completely anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we won’t know you have visited us.
Cookies are Used By
Google Analytics
Google Remarketing
Google Adwords
Bing
Facebook Pixel
Targeting Cookies
These cookies are placed on our site by our trusted third-party providers. They help us to personalise our adverts and provide services to our customers such as live chat.
Cookies are Used By
Live Chat
Google/Double Click
Functional Cookies
These cookies allow the provision of enhance functionality and personalization, such as videos and live chats. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these functionalities may not function properly.
Cookies are Used By
Live Chat
Allow All
Save Choice
video title
video content