https://www.thoughtco.com/basic-french-vocabulary-medical-help-and-illnesses-4078933
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
Languages
Pronunciation & Conversation
Vocabulary
Grammar
Resources For Teachers
By
ThoughtCo
Updated January 30, 2019
Getting sick is never fun, but being in a foreign country and not being able to communicate your illness can definitely ruin your trip. Learn some French illness vocabulary so that you can communicate with French-speaking doctors, dentists, nurses, and pharmacists.
Travelers who have specific illnesses or ailments, like allergies or diabetes, will want to memorize the phrases for that particular condition prior to traveling. It will ensure that you can get proper and prompt aid should an emergency arise.
Note: Many of the words below are linked to .wav files. Simply click on the link to listen to the pronunciation.
How to Ask for Medical Help
Let's begin with the simple words you will need when asking for help and the medical professionals you may need to call on.
Should you have a medical emergency, you can call for help using one of these phrases.
Emergency - Urgence ! Help! - Au secours !
When you need the attention of a medical professional, use one of these phrases. Begin each request with "avoir besoin..." (to need...) and end it with the type of professional help you require.
to need...
avoir besoin...
... help
... d'aide
... a doctor
... d'un médecin
... a nurse
... un infirmier
... an ambulance
... d'une ambulance
... a dentist
... un dentiste
... a pharmacist
... un pharmacien
Medical Emergencies
While traveling, medical emergencies can be very serious, particularly if you cannot speak the language. If you cannot tell someone what is wrong, it can lead to a feeling of helplessness and possible mistreatment.
Be prepared by learning a few simple phrases. It may even be helpful to write down your condition and these phrases in French and have them in a convenient location, such as your wallet or bag.
to have a heart attack
avoir une crise cardiaque
to have a stroke
avoir une attaque
to be in labor
être en travail
to break one's arm, leg
se casser le bras, la jambe
Asthma
People who have asthma should memorize these two lines as they can quickly convey your needs to the people around you.
to have asthma
être asthmatique
to need an inhaler
avoir besoin d'un inhalateur
Diabetes
Likewise, if you have diabetes, these French phrases are essential before you travel.
to have diabetes
être diabétique
to need sugar now
avoir besoin de sucre immédiatement
Blood Pressure
If your blood pressure is a concern, it will not hurt to learn these phrases in French. Notice the subtle difference between high and low blood pressure.
Blood pressure
la tension arterielle
to have high blood pressure
faire de l'hypertension
to have low blood pressure
faire de l'hypotension
Allergies
Allergies are nothing to play around with, either. If you or someone you're traveling with has an allergy, you should know the French translation prior to your trip.
Are you allergic to certain foods? Learn how to say that particular food in French and say it after "être allergique à ..."
This is also important while dining, so you can ask if, for instance, peanuts are an ingredient: Sont le arachides dans cette nourriture ? (Are peanuts in this food?)
to be allergic to...
être allergique à ...
... aspirin
... l'aspirine
... iodine
... l'iode
... penicillin
... la pénicilline
Common Illnesses and Ailments
The most common French verbs for describing illness are avoir and être. You will notice that some ailments use one or the other and that either can mean 'to be' or 'to have'.
This first group uses the verb "avoir..."
to have...
avoir...
... arthritis
... de l'arthrite
... diarrhea
... la diarrhée
... an earache
... mal à l'oreille
... a fever
... de la fièvre
... the flu
... la grippe
... frostbite
... des engelures
... hangover
... la gueule de bois
... hay fever
... un rhume des foins
... a headache
... mal à la tête
... heartburn
... des brûlures d'estomac
... hemorrhoids (piles)
... des hémorroïdes
... motion sickness
... le mal des transports
... a runny nose
... le nez qui coule
... sinusitis
... de la sinusite
... a stomachache
... mal à l'estomac
... a toothache
... mal aux dents
Do you have an ache somewhere else? Learn the basic French words for various body parts.
If you have any of these conditions, you will begin the sentence with être... (to have...).
to have...
être...
... insomnia
... insomniaque
... a cold
... enrhumé
You can describe a condition or symptom in French with these words. They are also preceded by être... (to be...).
to have...
être...
... constipated
... constipé
... jet lagged
... fatigué dû au décalage horaire
... pregnant
... enceinte
... sick
... malade
... sunburnt
... brûlé par le soleil
... tired
... fatigué
To describe how you are feeling or the following symptoms, begin with the verb avoir... (to be).
to be...
avoir...
... cold
... froid
... dizzy
... le vertige
... hot
... chaud
... seasick
... le mal de mer
Vocabulary Lesson: French for Travelers
French Verb Avoir Conjugation
French Vocabulary: At the Dentist
French Vocabulary: On the Phone
Top 10 Beginning French Mistakes
French Verb Finir Conjugation
Common French Mistakes: Using "Il y sera"
Don't Make This Mistake in French: 'Je Suis 25 Ans'
The Conjugation of the Verb 'Pouvoir'
French Vocabulary: At the Hotel
How to Ask 'How Are You' in French
The French Past Perfect (Pluperfect): 'Le Plus-Que-Parfait'
French Verbs That Take 'Être' as Their Auxiliary Verb
How to Use the Major French Verb Vouloir
French Verb Être Conjugation
How to Conjugate "Valoir" (to Value) in French