https://www.anycount.com/terms-and-conditions/
W
O
R
D
C
O
U
N
T
?
A
N
Y
C
O
U
N
T
!
Home Terms and Conditions of AnyCount
Terms & Conditions
AnyCount’s Terms and Conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of the AnyCount Website by Advanced International Translations (AIT), located at anycount.com.
Welcome to anycount.com!
By accessing anycount.com, we assume that you accept these Terms and Conditions. Do not continue to use anycount.com if you do not agree to abide by all the Terms and Conditions stated in this document.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement, Disclaimer Notice, and all Agreements: “Client,” “You” and “Your” refers to you, who is compliant to the Company’s terms and conditions. “The Company,” “Ourselves,” “We,” “Our,” and “Us” refers to our Company. “Party,” “Parties,” or “Us” refers to both the Client and ourselves. All terms apply to the offer, acceptance, and consideration of payment that is necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services, in accordance with and subject to the prevailing law of The Netherlands. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization, and/or he/she or they are taken as interchangeable and, therefore, as referring to the same.
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By accessing anycount.com, you agreed to use cookies in Agreement with the AIT’s Privacy Policy.
Most interactive websites use cookies to let us retrieve the user’s details for each visit. AnyCount uses cookies to enable the functionality of certain areas to make it easier for people visiting the AnyCount Website. Some of our affiliate/advertising partners may also use cookies.
License
Unless otherwise stated, AIT and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on anycount.com. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may access this from anycount.com for your personal use, subjected to the restrictions set in these Terms and Conditions.
You must not:
Republish content from anycount.com
Sell, rent, or sub-license material from anycount.com
Reproduce, duplicate, or copy content from anycount.com
Redistribute content from anycount.com
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.
AnyCount may offer an opportunity for users to post information relating to the translation industry and translation companies’ descriptions, as well as exchanging opinions and information on certain pages of the Word Count Blog on AnyCount Website. AIT does not filter, edit, publish, or review Comments before their presence on the Website. Comments do not reflect the views and opinions of AnyCount or AIT, its agents, and/or affiliates. Comments reflect the views and opinions of the person who posted their views and opinions. To the extent permitted by applicable laws, AIT shall not be liable for the Comments or any liability, damages, or expenses caused and/or suffered as a result of any use, posting, and/or appearance of the Comments on the AnyCount Website.
AIT reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments that can be considered inappropriate, offensive, or a breach of these Terms and Conditions.
You warrant and represent that:
You are entitled to post the Comments on AnyCount Website and have all necessary licenses and consents to do so;
The Comments do not invade any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent, or trademark of any third party;
The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecen,t or otherwise unlawful content that is an invasion of privacy; and
Comments will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or illegal or criminal activity.
At this moment, you grant AIT a non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, edit, and authorize others to use, reproduce, and modify any of your Comments in any forms, formats, or media.
Hyperlinking to our Content
The following organizations may link to the AnyCount Website without prior written approval:
Government agencies;
Search engines;
News organizations;
Online directory distributors may link to the AnyCount Website in the same manner as they hyperlink to the Websites of other listed businesses; and
Systemwide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls, and charity fundraising groups that may not hyperlink to the AnyCount Website.
These organizations may link to our home page, publications, or other AnyCount Website information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way deceptive; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement, or approval of the linking party and its products and/or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.
We may consider and approve other link requests from the following types of organizations:
Commonly known consumer and/or business information sources;
com community sites;
Associations or other groups representing charities;
Online directory distributors;
Internet portals;
Accounting, law, and consulting firms; and
Educational institutions and trade associations.
We will approve link requests from these organizations if we decide that: (a) the link would not make us look unfavorably to ourselves or our accredited businesses; (b) the organization does not have any negative records with us; (c) the benefit to us from the visibility of the hyperlink compensates the absence of AIT; and (d) the link is in the context of general resource information.
These organizations may link to our home page so long as the link: (a) is not in any way deceptive; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement, or approval of the linking party and its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.
If you are one of the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to the AnyCount Website, you must inform us by sending an email to AIT using the following email: support@anycount.com. Please include your name, your organization name, contact information, the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to the AnyCount Website, and a list of the URLs on our site to which you would like to link. Please allow 2-3 weeks for an answer.
Approved organizations may hyperlink to the AnyCount Website as follows:
By use of our corporate name;
By use of the uniform resource locator being linked to; or
By use of any other description of the AnyCount Website being linked to that makes sense within the context and format of content on the linking party’s site.
No use of AnyCount’s or AIT’s logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking a trademark license agreement.
iFrames
Without prior approval and written permission, you may not create frames around our Webpages that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of the AnyCount Website.
Content Liability
We shall not be held responsible for any content that appears on your Website. You agree to protect and defend us against all claims that are rising on your Website. No link(s) should appear on any Website that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene, or criminal, or which infringe, otherwise violate, or advocates for the infringement or other violation of any third party rights.
Your Privacy
Please read AnyCount’s Privacy Policy.
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right to request that you remove all links or any particular link to AnyCount Website. You approve of removing all links to AnyCount Website upon request immediately. We also reserve the right to amend these Terms and Conditions, and its linking policy at any time. By continuously linking to the AnyCount Website, you agree to be bound to and follow these linking terms and conditions.
Removal of links from our website
If you find any link on our Website that is offensive for any reason, you are free to contact and inform us any moment. We will consider requests to remove links but we are not obligated to or so or to respond to you directly.
We do not ensure that the information on this Website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy, nor do we promise to ensure that the Website remains available or that the material on the Website is kept up to date.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties, and conditions relating to the AnyCount Website and the use of this Website. Nothing in this disclaimer will:
Limit or eliminate our or your obligation for death or personal injury;
Limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
Limit any of our or your responsibilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
Exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and prohibitions of liability set in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all obligations arising under the disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort, and for breach of statutory duty.
SupportKnowledgebase
Troubleshooter
Online Help
Text Count Standards
Submit Question
ProductFormats
Word Count Test
Localization
Localize AnyCount
History
CompanyAIT Partner Network
Credits
Careers
Happy Clients
Testimonials
Let's stay in touch!
Subscribe to our Anycount Newsletter to receive great news, tips and unique offers.
* required
Facebook-f
Twitter
Linkedin-in
© 2020 Advanced International Translations. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions