https://www.controllab.nl/privacy-statement/
Controllab respects your privacy. We appreciate the trust you place in us, and we make every effort to protect your privacy. With this privacy statement, we want to make clear to you why we collect certain information, how we protect your privacy, and under what conditions we provide the information to you.
We believe it is important that your data is handled with care and that the personal information you provide is treated confidentially. In short, our privacy statement means that your personal data:
is used only for the goals that have been agreed with you;
will not be shared with others, unless stated otherwise in this privacy statement;
is carefully secured.
If you have questions that are not answered in this privacy statement, if you have suggestions or comments about its contents or if you have complaints about the way in which we handle your personal data, we would like to get in touch with you. You can send an e-mail to
or use the contact details at the bottom of this page.
This privacy statement applies to all websites operated by Controllab, including, but not limited to: www.controllab.nl, www.20sim.com and www.20sim4C.com, hereinafter referred to as the ‘ services’. Controllab is not responsible for the privacy policy of other sources that – in any way whatsoever – are mentioned in our services.
Purposes
We do not collect or use your personal information for purposes other than the purposes described in this privacy statement, unless we have obtained your consent in advance. We process your personal data with the aim to:
be able to execute the agreement that you have entered into with Controllab;
provide you with the correct information and / or documents that are made available at our website;
be able to inform you about our products and services and about changes and updates.
Use of our services
When you use our services, we ask you to provide personal information. This data is necessary to be able to provide the services and, in accordance with the legal obligation to retain, are stored in Controllab’s data files. Personal data is not kept longer than is permitted by law.
Communication
When you send us an e-mail or other messages, they are included in the Controllab databases. As a result of back-up procedures and legal retention, these messages can be stored in accordance with the legal retention period. Sometimes we ask you for your personal details that are relevant to the situation in question. This makes it possible to process your questions and answer your requests. We use WP Live Chat by 3CX as our live chat platform. By chatting you acknowledge that the information you provide now and during the chat will be transferred to WP Live Chat by 3CX for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy.
Form
The websites www.20sim.com and www.20sim4c.com contain forms that you can use to sign up for various services, for example for receiving a demo version of the software 20-sim, receiving a test license of the software 20-sim, buying the software 20-sim, signing up for newsletters or registering for events. The information you provide us with via this form will be kept for as long as necessary or reasonable for the complete answering and / or processing of your request. Your request can also end up in Controllab’s databases, where it can be stored in accordance with the statutory retention period as a result of back-up procedures and legal retention.
Third parties
Controllab does not provide your personal data to third parties, unless this is necessary for the performance of the services and the related other services or at your request. Our employees, as well as the third parties to whom personal data are made available, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your personal data. We also impose this obligation on processors – through a processor agreement – that we use when executing our services.
Security
We ensure that appropriate technical and organizational measures are taken to protect the personal data you provide against loss or any form of unauthorized use. Secured connections are used to send your personal data over the internet. The personal data is stored and processed in a certified data center and is protected from search engines.
Visit internet sites
When you visit our internet sites, the technical characteristics of your visit are recorded in so-called log files. Think of the requested page, IP address, time, browser type and the like. We do not check who uses which IP address at which time and we do not trace this data to your person. These log files are stored exclusively for analysis in accordance with the legal storage period.
Cookies
Controllab applies ‘Google Analytics’ to gain insight into the way visitors use its websites. ‘Google Analytics’ uses cookies to track data about the visits to the websites. This information (including your IP address) will be processed by Google.
The ‘Google Analytics’ cookies can be recognized by the name that starts with ‘__utm’, the retention period is in accordance with the laws and regulations. You can read more about ‘Google Analytics’ here.
(https://support.google.com/analytics#topic=, and more specifically: https://support.google.com/analytics/topic/2919631?hl=en&ref_topic=1008008)
In the design of ‘Google Analytics’ we have taken the following privacy-promoting measures:
Google Analytics may only process your IP address anonymously.
The ‘Data sharing’ options of Google Analytics have been disabled.
A processor agreement has been concluded.
If you do not want ‘Google Analytics’ to be used, you can download and install the ‘Google Analytics Opt-out Browser add-on’ for your web browser. You can download the add-on from the Google site.
(https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=nl&ref_topic=2919631)
If you would like to have more information about our cookie policy, then please visit our cookie policy page at: /cookie-policy/.
Controllab applies ‘Google reCAPTCHA v3’ that protects our websites from fraud and abuse. More information can be found at their Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
View and modify personal data
You have the right to ask us which personal data is stored in our databases. If you believe that these personal details are no (longer) correct or complete, you can request us to supplement, correct or delete your personal data. We will carry out these adjustments as quickly as possible or we will provide you with a motivated explanation of why your wishes can not (yet) be implemented. You can send your request to
or use the contact details at the bottom of this page.
Unauthorized access to the websites
If you become aware in any way of unauthorized access or unauthorized use from persons of the websites, you must immediately inform Controllab of this. Controllab then takes appropriate measures to protect the personal data that is included on the websites.
Insofar as the above is not communicated or not communicated to Controllab on time, you indemnify Controllab from any damage in this respect or Controllab retains the right to recourse against this.
Changes
This privacy statement is tailored to the use of and the possibilities offered by the websites. Any adjustments and / or changes to the websites may lead to changes in this privacy statement. It is therefore advisable to consult this privacy statement on a regular basis.
Exception of obligations
Controllab makes personal data available to third parties if a statutory provision or a court order requires it to do so.
Identity
Controllab Products B.V. is responsible for the processing of personal data that takes place on and via the websites: www.controllab.nl, www.20sim.com and www.20sim4C.com
Controllab Products B.V. has to be regarded as responsible within the framework of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)(EU).
Controllab Products B.V.
Hengelosestraat 500
7521 AN Enschede
+31 85 773 18 72
KvK 06076204
Questions about the privacy policy of the websites of Controllab Products B.V. can be sent by e-mail via
This privacy statement was last modified on 23 May 2018.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you agree with our cookie policy.OkNoRead more