http://www.lime.com/legal-notices
Legal Notices | Welcome to Discoverflow
Skip to main content
Legal Notices
Copyright NoticeCopyright © 2014 CWI Caribbean Limited. All rights reserved. Registered in Barbados. Company Number 30478. Registered office: Windsor Lodge, Government Hill, St. Michael, Barbados.Corporate DisclaimerUse of this web site constitutes acceptance of the terms of use set forth below (the "Conditions of Use"). Any of the policies contained on this site are subject to change, without notice, upon public posting by CWI Caribbean Limited or its affiliated companies (hereinafter referred to as Flow).PrivacyPlease review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your visit to discoverflow.co, to understand our practices.Electronic CommunicationsWhen you visit https://discoverflow.co/ or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with Flow electronically. You consent to receive communications from Flow electronically. Flow will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that Flow provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.Links to Other SitesSome of the links made available to you through Flow's home page will allow you to leave the Flow Web site. Please be aware that the Internet sites available through these links, and the material that you may find there, are not under the control of Flow. Accordingly, Flow is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources and does not make any representation to you about these sites or the materials available there. That Flow has made these links available to you is not an endorsement or recommendation to you by Flow of any of these sites or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. Flow shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource. Additionally, Flow shall not be responsible or liable for any of the content you provide to us. Flow is providing these links only as a convenience to you.Third Party Intellectual Property PolicyIndividuals who believe that their intellectual property rights have been infringed either on the Internet or through online services provided by Flow may contact Flow, directly or through their authorized agents, and request that the infringing material be removed or access to it blocked. Flow will investigate those complaints. Where Flow is satisfied that the infringement is taking place, it will take appropriate action.If you believe your intellectual property rights are being infringed, please direct your claims to:Head of Legal, Regulatory and Corporate AffairsCWI Caribbean LimitedWindsor Lodge, Government HillSt. Michael, BarbadosTel: 246-292-1445Fax: 246-426-5760Email: legal.notices@discoverflow.coAuthorization of UseAny person is hereby authorized to view the information located at www. Flow.com for informational purposes only. No part of the information located at www. Flow.com can be redistributed, copied, or reproduced without the prior written consent of Flow.License and Site AccessFlow grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Flow. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Flow. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Flow and our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Flow's name or trademarks without the express written consent of Flow. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Flow. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Flow so long as the link does not portray Flow, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Flow logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.Product and Pricing DescriptionsFlow and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible. Occasionally there may be information on our Web site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, and availability. In the event of a conflict between prices posted on this Web site and prices posted in retail stores or advertised in the print and electronic media, the prices in the stores or in the print and electronic media shall prevail. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information on the Web site is inaccurate at any time without prior notice, and we do not accept liability for any such errors, inaccuracies or omissions.No WarrantiesPAST PERFORMANCE CANNOT BE RELIED UPON AS A GUIDE TO FUTURE PERFORMANCE. THIS INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY RELEVANT LAW WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL CWI CARIBBEAN LIMITED OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATED COMPANIES OR SUBSIDARIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST DATA OR PROFITS), OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES WHATSOEVER WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS INFORMATION.THIS INFORMATION COULD INCLUDE TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES MAY BE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN. NOTHING IN THESE PRECEEDING PARAGRAPHS SHALL EXCLUDE LIABILITY FOR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATIONS.Applicable LawBy visiting www. Flow.com, you agree that the laws of Barbados, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and CWI Caribbean Limited or its affiliates.Site Policies, Modification, And SeverabilityPlease review our other policies, such as our Acceptable Use Policy, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to www. Flow.com. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.E-mailUnsolicited e-mail messages, including but not limited to, bulk commercial advertising and informational announcements, are explicitly prohibited.FaxThe sending of unsolicited advertisements by fax may violate the law, and may subject the advertiser to civil penalties. Unsolicited advertisements include any material advertising the commercial availability or quality of goods, services or property which is transmitted to any person without that person's prior express invitation or permission.CookiesFlow uses cookies-(pieces of information that are used for record-keeping)-to save certain data about a User in order to facilitate a User's future activities. For example, Flow may save a User's password. However, Flow will not use cookies to retrieve a User's information that was not previously sent in a cookie. Except as provided herein, Flow will not use information sent in a cookie for marketing purposes, and will not share information with any third parties.Disclosure Pursuant to Legal ProcessFlow will permit access to all available and relevant information provided by Users in order to comply with applicable laws and in order to preserve Flow's rights and property. Additionally, Flow may grant access to this information in the case of emergencies.Acceptable Use PolicyClick here to view our Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) Comments, questions, or suggestions, contact us.