http://www.royensoc.co.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Login
Basket
Shopping cart
Your shopping cart is empty.
User login
E-mail *
Password *
Create new account
Forgotten password
CAPTCHAThis question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.
Covid-19 Updates
You can read our Covid-19 updates on the dedicated page.
Privacy policy
The Royal Entomological Society respects your privacy.
Any personal information you provide to us through our contact form or any other form including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of the Royal Entomological Society and those employed on its behalf.
Payment card details
Our SSL certificate is issued by GoDaddy.com, who use a SHA-2 and 2048-bit  Deluxe SSL certificate to ensure secure transmission of your information.
This is the strongest commercially available level of encryption
All your private data will be encrypted at all times whilst in transit over the internet. When you transfer to the secure server, you should see a solid padlock in your browser status bar which indicates that the encryption is taking place.
We do not store any credit card details on our server
External Sites
The Royal Entomological Society is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows the Royal Entomological Society to recognize you each time you visit this site (customisation etc). Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and the Society does not use cookies to collect personal information. Cookies may also be used by 3rd party content providers such as newsfeeds.
Privacy Notice
The Royal Entomological Society believes in the responsible use of personal data collected.
We will only use the data which we collect in accordance with the General Data Protection Act 2018.
We will keep personal information confidential except to the extent that we are compelled to disclose it by law.
Data collected will be used for the sole purpose of providing membership administration and management, administering meeting registrations and fulfilling orders. Documentation will be provided to our members to consent to us or any company associated with us, for example, product providers, processing personal data, both manually and by electronic means.
By providing personal information to The Royal Entomological Society in any of the ways described in this policy, by instructing or authorising another party to provide such information or by entering into a membership contract with The Royal Entomological Society that requires such processing, the Subject is agreeing that they are authorised to provide the information and that they accept this privacy policy and that The Royal Entomological Society is authorised to process it.
“Processing” includes obtaining, recording or holding information or data, transferring it to other companies associated with us, such as product providers or any other statutory, governmental or regulatory body for legitimate purposes including, carrying out operations on the information or data.
We will not collect sensitive categories of Subject data without their explicit consent.
The Royal Entomological Society does not undertake any automated decision making relating to any activities, except for third party fraud checking services that may automatically decline a credit or debit card transaction.
The Royal Entomological Society will not collect data relating to minors as defined under UK law,
Data retention – we will keep your personal information for as long as you are a member or customer of The Royal Entomological Society. After you stop being a member or customer, we may keep your data for as long as in use.
To withdraw consent, from The Royal Entomological Society or any company or group associated with us, in processing personal data or sensitive personal data, please contact (The Data Protection Officer) on 01727 899387 or in writing at:
The Royal Entomological Society
The Mansion House
Chiswell Green Lane
St Albans
Hertfordshire
AL2 3NS
The Royal Entomological Society and any company associated with us will treat all personal data and sensitive personal data as confidential and will not process it other than for a legitimate purpose associated with the service we will provide you. Steps will be taken to ensure that the information is accurate, kept up to date and not kept for longer than is necessary.
The Royal Entomological Society will use appropriate technical and organisational security measures within our sphere of responsibility to ensure an appropriate level of confidentiality, integrity and, where The Royal Entomological Society is the Data Controller, availability of Subject data.
Measures will also be taken to safeguard against unauthorised or unlawful processing and accidental loss or destruction or damage to the data.
Subject to certain exceptions, members are entitled to have access to their personal and sensitive personal data that is held by The Royal Entomological Society. The Royal Entomological Society will provide this information within one month.
Data Processing
Data will be lawfully and fairly processed in a transparent manner.
Data is collected on the grounds of explicit and legitimate purposes only.
Data will only be asked for when necessary, The Royal Entomological Society will explain if data will be shared and how long it will be kept.
Data will be accurate, kept up to date and erased, without delay, should data no longer be required for the purposes to be processed.
Data will only be retained as long as in use..
Data will be secure.
Rights of our Members
The points below clearly set out the rights each client is entitled to. Please ask us for an explanation of each, should you wish to have more information.
The right to be informed.
The right of access
The right to rectification.
The right to erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object.
Rights to automated decision and profiling.
Rights to complain
To raise a concern with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
Details on how to do this can be found here:
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/raising-concerns/
Related Sites
National Insect Week
Identify an insect
The RES Library