https://www.synergy.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Synergy Software website and reviewing our Privacy Policy. The privacy of our visitors to our website is of the utmost importance to us. At the Synergy Software website, we collect personal information only if you choose to provide it to us. You do not have to give us personal information to visit our site. By accessing, browsing, and /or using our website, you are deemed to accept the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you are not willing to accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our website.
Information collection and use
The information we gather generally can be categorized as either anonymous or personally identifiable.Anonymous (or sometimes referred to as “aggregate”) information is information that cannot be traced back to a specific individual. For example, we know how many times our site and certain portions of our site are visited, but we do not know the names, email address, or gender of our visitors unless they specifically provide that information. We use this anonymous information to obtain a better understanding of how visitors use our website and to make decisions on how to improve it. Each time a visitor comes to our site, we collect some information in an effort to improve the overall quality of your online experience. We collect the visitor’s domain name (e.g. whether the user is logged on from yahoo.com, aol.com etc.), referral data (e.g. the address of the last URL a user visited prior to clicking through to our website), and browser end platform type (e.g. a Safari browser on a Mac). In addition to collecting this information, Synergy Software collects aggregate queries for internal reporting. We also count, track, and aggregate the visitor’s activity into our analysis of general traffic flows at our site (e.g. tracking where traffic comes from, how traffic flows within our site, etc.).Personally identifiable information is information you provide that lets us know specific facts about you so that we can respond to your requests. Depending on the portion of the website you visit and the information you provide, this information could range from your name, address, and zip code, which you provide to receive information from us about certain services, to specific information you provide us on a form. We collect personal information from you to complete transactions you request. The information you provide may be furnished to a third party in order to facilitate the transaction. Or, you may submit personal information to us in response to an employment opportunity. In each case, we use your personal information only for the purpose it is submitted to us, which may include providing it to third parties with whom we have relationships to deliver the information or services you request.We may also use the personal information you provide to send you information that we believe may be of interest to you, based on information you may have provided to us, including newsletters, information about new scientific information, and other items related to Synergy Software. You do have a right to opt out of receiving this information, as described below in our “Your opt-out rights.” You can visit our site without providing any personal information about yourself. However, there are a number of services that we provide which, if you wish to obtain the full benefit of those services, you must provide certain personal information.
Security
We take precautions to ensure your information remains confidential, however, you must keep in mind as you navigate through our website that any message you may send through the website or through email is not secure and may be susceptible to third-party interception. As a result, you transmit information to us at you own risk. Select pages within our site, such as those dealing with e-commerce, may run in a secure-server environment. In locations like these, where our website asks you to enter sensitive information, that information in encrypted and is protected with the encryption software SSL. We also do everything reasonably possible to protect user information we collect. All of our users’ information, not just sensitive information, is restricted to our offices. Only individuals who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personal information. Access to this information is password protected. Futhermore, all personnel having access to your personal information are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
Cookies
We may place small data files, called “cookies” in your browser’s file storage area of your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are a standard internet technology that allows us to both store and retrieve login information on a user’s system. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a site visitor’s computer to gather and keep track of information related to you. These cookies automatically identify your browser to our server whenever you interact with a service provided on our website. Cookies can store your preferences through a password you select to access a website. Cookies also help us retrieve website traffic patterns and improve our site. Most browsers automatically accept these cookies, but you can change your browser setting to prevent the acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from using some of the features of our website. Information collected through cookies is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
Log Files
We collect and log IP addresses in order to analyze site visitation trends and administer the website. An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the internet. IP addresses allow computers and servers to recognize and communicate with one another. IP address information allows us to properly administer our system and gather aggregate information on visitors to our website, help diagnose problems with our servers, and how our site is being used, including the pages visitors are viewing in the aggregate. This aggregate information may be shared with third parties such as our suppliers and other businesses. To maintain anonymity, we do not associate IP addresses with records containing personal information. In other words, IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Your Opt-Out Right
As indicated above, Synergy Software may use the information you provide to send you information and materials that we think may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive any further information or materials from us, such as emails or newsletters, you have the right to opt out of such disclosures and additional use of such information. To opt out from receiving information or materials, you must check the appropriate box provided at the time you are requested to provide information. If, at a later time, you wish to change your preference, you may do so by contacting us at the address indicated below.
Links
Our website may contain links to websites that are not operated by Synergy Software. You may be asked by these sites to provide personal information or to release information you may have provided on our website. You are never required to release this information, and whether you do is optional and strictly up to you. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites, nor any adverse consequences that may result from your interaction with such third-party websites. Synergy Software has no control or influence over the privacy practices of these other websites. This would also apply to these websites’ use of cookies and other electronically collected data. We encourage you to be cautious when leaving our website and review the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through those websites.
Online Purchases
When you place orders online, we redirect you to the MyCommerce website, which is a Digital River company. They fulfill all of the orders that are placed through our online store. Information about their privacy policy can be found at https://www.mycommerce.com/privacy-policy/.
Social Media Disclaimer
The opinions and or views expressed on Synergy Software’s social media platforms, including, but not limited to, our blogs, Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube pages, represent the thoughts of individual bloggers and online communities, and not those necessarily of Synergy Software or any of its corporate affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, or employees. The opinions and views expressed on these pages do not in any way reflect the views of the site they are posted on, other sites affiliated with the site, the staff involved with maintaining the site, or any members of the site.While Synergy Software makes reasonable efforts to monitor and/or moderate content posted on its social media platforms, we do not moderate all comments and cannot always respond in a timely manner to online requests for information.Synergy Software reserves the sole right to review, edit, and/or delete any comments it deems are inappropriate. Comments including but not limited to the following may be deleted or edited by the moderators:Abusive or hurtful comments about a blogger or another participant.Off-topic and redundant comments (this includes promotion of events, groups, pages, websites, organizations, and programs not related to or affiliated with our company).Comments that use foul language or “hate speech” (for example, including but not limited to racial, ethnic, or gender bashing language).Personal attacks or defamatory statements or comments (i.e. making negative personal or untrue comments about a participant), instead of just criticizing his/her posting, opinion, or comments.Comments that violate the privacy of our employees and their families.All links to other websites found linked from Synergy Software’s social media sites are provided as a service to readers, but such linkage does not constitute endorsement of those sites by Synergy Software, and as such we are not responsible for the content of external websites.By submitting content to any of Synergy Software’s social media sites, you understand and acknowledge that this information is available to the public, and that Synergy Software may use this information for internal and external promotional purposes and fundraising purposes. Please note that other participants may use your posted information beyond the control of Synergy Software. If you do not wish to have the information you have made available via this site used, published, copied, and/or reprinted, please do not post on this page.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy. If we make material changes in our Privacy Policy that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our website notifying users of the change. If we propose to use your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you via email, and you will have a choice as to whether we may use your information in this different manner.
Comments or Questions
Should you have any questions regarding this privacy statement, the practice of this website, or your dealings with this website, you may contact our webmaster at info@synergy.com.
Scroll to Top
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn moreOK