http://www.madscience.org/privacy.aspx
Mad Science Group Inc. (“Mad Science”) believes strongly in protecting the personal information you share with us. We believe it is important to let you know how we use your personal information, [and to provide choices as to how your information will be used]. We therefore encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully.
This Privacy Policy sets out the policies and practices of Mad Science with respect to our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time by Mad Science. We will give reasonable notice of the revised terms (by e-mail or notice on our Site(s)).
In this Privacy Policy, "personal information" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual (Individual).
Mad Science operates a worldwide franchise network, where each Mad Science franchise is independently owned and operated. This policy describes how Mad Science franchise operators use personal information. A Mad Science franchise is responsible for that franchise’s use of personal information. This Privacy Policy makes a distinction between personal information used by Mad Science and personal information used by a Mad Science franchise. However, if you have any questions on use of your personal information, whether in relation to Mad Science or a Mad Science franchise, please contact Mad Science using the details in the “Contact” section below.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Mad Science collects and uses personal information from Individuals in order to provide our services to individuals under agreements with them (or in order to enter customer agreements), or to support our business interest in providing services to our customers, their guests, and to administer, market and develop our services.
The personal information we collect, and the reasons for its collection, are:
Mad Science may collect and maintain personal information such as an Individual's name, contact information, payment information and purchase history when an Individual subscribes for services or purchases products on our website or at a franchise location.
Mad Science may collect personal information from an Individual where the Individual submits an application for programs operated by Mad Science or for an employment opportunity (such as that contained in a resume, cover letter, or similar employment-related materials). We use submitted personal information as is reasonably required to assess the Individual's eligibility in the Programs or to assess the Individual's suitability for employment at Mad Science as well as to process the application and respond to the Individual.
When participating in a contest or promotion, we may collect personal information, such as a contest winner's name, city of residence, and prize winnings in order to award prizes and promote such contests. This information may be published in connection with contests only.
We collect contact information of subscribers and enquirers through the Site and otherwise in order to provide periodic information and updates, announcements and promotions regarding Mad Science products and services. An Individual can notify us at any time that they do not want to receive such information and updates.
In order to use certain features on the Site(s) (such as to make publicly available personal information about yourself and others, including without limitation, photos and videos), an Individual may be required to register and provide personal information such as name, email address, location (i.e. city, province, postal code), date of birth and a user name and password that the Individual chooses. We use this information to identify you, provide the requested feature and, with respect to date of birth, to verify that you meet the minimum age requirement. Your username, city and province will be published with your posting.
By making publicly available his or her personal information on the Sites, the Individual consents to the publication of such personal information. By publishing personal information about another individual, the Individual represents that he or she has, where required by applicable privacy laws, obtained the consent of such individuals to publish such information.
The "Send to a Friend", "Share", and other similar features on our Site(s) permit an Individual to send emails to others. This feature requires an Individual to submit his or her name and email address, as well as the name and email address of the recipient. We do not use the names or email addresses submitted in these circumstances for any other purpose without the consent of the Individual or the email recipient to do so.
When you contact us with a comment, question or complaint, you may be asked for information to confirm your identity along with additional information we need to help us promptly answer your question or respond to your comment or complaint (such as your name, address and a phone number). We may also retain this information to assist you in the future and to improve our customer service and product and service offerings.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Mad Science will not disclose, trade, rent, sell or otherwise transfer personal information for purposes other than as those set out herein, except with an Individual's consent or as required or permitted by law.
Mad Science may transfer or disclose personal information as follows:
Mad Science may transfer your personal information to third-party service providers or agents who provide services to or on behalf of Mad Science, such as hosting, data management and storage services, market analyses, and retention services.
Either Mad Science or such third-party service provider may use servers for such purposes located outside Canada or the EEA. We only transfer personal information outside Canada or the EEA in accordance with law, and the safeguards that the law requires in respect of such data transfers are provided.
Mad Science, our affiliates and our Canadian, US and other service providers may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law, or as otherwise required by applicable Canadian, US or other law. We may also disclose personal information where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
We may transfer any information we have about you as an asset in connection with a merger or sale (including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving all or part of Mad Science or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control.
[Where a Mad Science franchise operator changes, personal information collected in relation to that Mad Science franchise may be transferred to the new operator where required for the continuing operation of the franchise.
Storage and retention
If you have agreed to receive information and updates about our services, we will retain your information until you tell us you no longer wish to receive them.
Where we collect personal information through our Site or our performance of our services, we retain it for as long as legally required in relation to the operation of our Site or service performance.
Where we collect personal information about children, we retain it for [2 years], but you can ask us to delete it before that. We retain information in anonymized form about our service provision, but it is not possible to identify Individuals from that anonymized information.
At any time, you may consent or withdraw your consent to use of your contact information in relation to the provision by Mad Science to you of periodic newsletters or updates, announcements and special promotions regarding Mad Science products and services.
Third Party Providers/Users
All our third-party providers are required to comply with the law applying to their service provision to us and their processing of personal information.
Our mailing list, newsletter and direct marketing via email data may be captured, held and processed by third party providers.
Digital data may be stored via third party provider.
Physical copies of personal information are used by employees of Mad Science Group and their franchisees. They are held securely in cabinets and used in the course of the services being provided and promptly destroyed once no longer required.
Cookies and IP Addresses
Mad Science collects and uses an Individual's IP address to help identify the Individual, gather broad demographic information about users of the Sites, diagnose problems with Mad Science’s systems, and administer the Sites.
Depending on an Individual's browser settings, the Site(s) may use cookies. A cookie is a tiny element of data that our Sites can send to an Individual's browser, which may then be stored on their hard drive so we can recognize them when they return to the Sites. We use cookies to deliver content according to the Individual's preferences and to save the Individual's password so that the Individual is not required to re-enter it while the Individual uses the Sites. If an Individual's browser settings do not accept cookies from our Site(s), they may not be able to take advantage of all of the features of our Site(s).
Third party links
Our Sites may contain links to other sites that Mad Science does not own or operate. Also, links to our Website may be featured on third party websites on which we advertise. Except as provided herein, Mad Science will not provide an Individual's personal information to these third parties without the Individual's consent. We provide links to third party websites as a convenience to Individuals. These links are not intended as an endorsement of or referral to the linked websites. The linked websites have separate and independent privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend Individuals read carefully. Mad Science does not have any control over such websites, and therefore has no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked websites may collect, use or disclose, secure and otherwise treat an Individual's personal information.
Security
Mad Science has implemented measures designed to protect against the theft, loss, unauthorized access, use, disclosure and alteration of personal information in our custody and control, with security measures appropriate to the sensitivity of the information, including through the use of reasonable physical, organizational, and technological safeguards and appropriate training of employees. Mad Science’s third-party service providers are obligated to maintain confidentiality and security of the personal information transferred to them and are not authorized to use such information other than to provide the services or as otherwise permitted by law.
An Individual's online access to certain personal information may be protected with a username and/or password that the Individual chooses. Mad Science strongly suggests that Individuals do not disclose their username or password to anyone. Mad Science never asks for an Individual's password in any unsolicited communication.
Opt-in
Individuals are given the opportunity to opt-in/consent to receiving additional communications from Mad Science that are not related to the services that you have subscribed for.
Access/Corrections
An Individual may contact us to access, modify, correct inaccuracies, or delete any of his or her personal information that is under Mad Science's custody or control. Individuals have other rights in respect of their personal information, which are described on the Information Commissioner’s website.
An Individual may also direct a written complaint regarding compliance with this Privacy Policy to us and, within a reasonable time upon receiving the written complaint, we will conduct an investigation into the matter. Within a reasonable time of concluding the investigation, we will respond to the complaint and, if appropriate, Mad Science will take appropriate measure necessary to rectify the source of the complaint.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the relevant data protection supervisory authority which, in the UK, is the Information Commissioner's Office. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Contact
If an Individual has any questions about this Privacy Policy or the collection, use, disclosure, or retention of the Individual's personal information by Mad Science or its franchisees, please contact us at:
Mad Science Group Inc.
8360 Bougainville Street, Suite 201
Montreal, QC
Canada H4P 2G1
Email: legal@madscience.org
Phone: 1-800-586-5231 or 514-344-4181