https://www.iguanafoundation.org/legal-disclosure-and-terms-of-use/
Legal Disclosure and Terms of Use - International Iguana Foundation
Skip to content
Home
Mission & Purpose
Mission
History
Board Members & Staff
Our Partners
Reports & Financials
Milestones
What We Support
Projects Funded
Field Reports
Media & Video
Grants
Grants Awarded
Apply for a Grant
Submit Your Report
Contribute
Donate Now
Adopt an Iguana
Contact Us
Legal Disclosure and Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
By using this Web site, you signify your agreement to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use this Web site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of this Web site following the posting of changes to these terms constitutes your acceptance of those changes.
Trademark Notice: The International Iguana Foundation® (IIF), and all other names of IIF programs referenced herein are federally registered trademarks of the International Iguana Foundation in the United States of America.
Copyright Notice: Copyright 2001 by the International Iguana Foundation, 1989 Colonial Parkway, Fort Worth TX 76110, U.S.A. All Rights Reserved. Some materials delivered from this Web site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information relating to those materials. All photographs, information, materials and other content contained on this Web site are owned by the International Iguana Foundation and/or its contributors. This Web site contains original works of authorship that are the proprietary property of the International Iguana Foundation and/or its contributors, and which are protected under U.S. and international copyright laws. It is prohibited to copy, reproduce, modify, display, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, alter, prepare any derivative works of, or otherwise use any material from this Web site, including without limitation code, software, photographs and images, without the prior express written consent of the International Iguana Foundation.
Other Restrictions on Use: Permission to download one copy of the materials delivered from this Web site on any single computer for personal, home use only is hereby granted under the following conditions: (1) The above copyright notice and this permission notice must appear in all copies; (2) Any use of the materials available from this Web site must be for informational or educational purposes only and in no instance for commercial purposes; (3) No materials available from this Web site can be modified in any way, and (4) No graphics available from this Web site can be downloaded or used separate from the accompanying text; (5) No materials may be downloaded to a database that can be used to avoid future downloads from the Web site. Any unauthorized use of the materials contained on this Web site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, communications regulations and statutes, and the laws of privacy. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property right of the International Iguana Foundation. The International Iguana Foundation neither warrants nor represents that the use of materials contained on this Web site will not infringe the rights of third parties. Except as expressly granted above, all rights are expressly reserved to the International Iguana Foundation.
Links: As a general practice, the International Iguana Foundation does not object to links made to Web sites owned or operated by the Foundation from other sites. There are certain terms and conditions that should be followed.
A link to a International Iguana Foundation Web site is permissible using the plain text name of the International Iguana Foundation’s site or the plain text name of the International Iguana Foundation. Unless the International Iguana Foundation enters into a specific written agreement with the party wishing to link, use of any of the International Iguana Foundation’s names, logos, designs, images, photographs, slogans, product trademarks, or service marks in or with the party’s links is not permissible.
As a nonprofit organization, the International Iguana Foundation is prohibited from endorsing the products, services, or viewpoints of any company or organization. Therefore, a link to the International Iguana Foundation ‘s Web site may not be presented in any way that suggests the International Iguana Foundation has a relationship or affiliation with the party’s site or endorses, sponsors, or recommends the information, products or services on that site. Without the prior express written permission for a particular use from the International Iguana Foundation, none of the International Iguana Foundation’s names, logos, designs, images, photographs, slogans, product trademarks, or service marks should be used in any advertising, publicity, promotion, or in any other commercial manner.
Due to frequent content updates, the International Iguana Foundation recommends that the link be only to the home page of www.iguanafoundation.org. Without the International Iguana Foundation’s express written permission for a particular use, no content from this Web site should be incorporated into the party’s site, e.g., by in-lining or framing. In addition, none of the International Iguana Foundation’s logos, designs, images, photographs, slogans, product trademark or service marks, or any other words or codes identifying the International Iguana Foundation’s Web sites should be used in any META tag or other information used by search engines or other information location tools to identify and select sites.
Information Warranty Disclaimer: All materials and related graphics provided by this web site and any other materials which are referenced by or linked to this web site are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the International Iguana Foundation hereby disclaims all warranties and conditions with regard to any materials provided by this web site or any other materials which are referenced by or linked to this Web site, including but not limited to all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. The International Iguana Foundation makes no representations about the suitability of the information delivered from this Web site or any other materials that are referenced by or linked to this Web site for any purpose. The International Iguana Foundation does not warrant the accuracy, quality, reliability, content, or legality of any materials provided by this web site or any other materials which are referenced by or linked to this Web site. The International Iguana Foundation assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in the materials provided by this Web site or any other materials which are referenced by or linked to this Web site. The International Iguana Foundation does not warrant that the functional aspects of this Web site will be error free or uninterrupted, that defects will be corrected, or that this Web site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. The placement of any link on this Web site does not imply endorsement by the International Iguana Foundation of the linked site or the information, material, products, or services contained on the linked site or accessible through the linked site. Any party who links to any other sites or to any off-site pages does so at his or her own risk. Some jurisdictions may not permit the exclusion of certain warranties or certain limitations of liability; therefore, some of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply. In those jurisdictions, the liability of the International Iguana Foundation shall be limited to the maximum extent allowed by law. The International Iguana Foundation may update or make changes to the materials provided by this Web site at any time without notice; however, the International Iguana Foundation makes no commitment to update the information contained herein.
Limitation of Liability: In no event, including but not limited to negligence, shall the International Iguana Foundation be liable under any theory of tort, contract, strict liability, or other legal or equitable theory for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages, or for damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information contained in any materials provided by this Web site or in any other materials which are referenced by or linked to this Web site, even if the International Iguana Foundation or an authorized representative of the International Iguana Foundation has advised the user of the possibility of damages. In no event shall the International Iguana Foundation’s cumulative liability to any party for any damages, losses, or causes of action, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, arising out of or related to this Web site or to these terms, exceed the amount paid, if any, for accessing this Web site.
Content Posted by Third Parties: Any party who posts information to this Web site agrees not to post any material which is bigoted, hateful, racially offensive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, abusive, illegal, a violation of any copyright or trademark rights, invasive of privacy rights, or a violation of the rights of any party, and further agrees not to represent himself or herself as someone else. The International Iguana Foundation does not permit any commercial postings, advertising or soliciting, posting of viruses, or off theme postings. The International Iguana Foundation is under no obligation to monitor the information residing on or transmitted to this Web site; however, any party who posts information to this Web site agrees that the International Iguana Foundation may take appropriate action in order to prevent the violation of the rights of the International Iguana Foundation or of other parties, in order to comply with any law, regulation or other governmental request, or in order to operate this Web site properly or to protect itself or others. The International Iguana Foundation reserves the right to modify, reject, or eliminate any information residing on or transmitted to this Web site that, in its sole discretion, it believes is unacceptable or in violation of these terms and conditions. Any party who posts information to this Web site remains solely responsible for the content of their postings. The use, distribution, or publication of any materials posted by third parties does not constitute or imply an endorsement of those materials or of any opinions or comments in those materials. The International Iguana Foundation disclaims all responsibility for any bigoted, hateful, racially offensive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, abusive, illegal, or copyright or trademark infringing material, or material that is invasive of privacy rights or a violation of the rights of any party, posted to this Web site by any third party. Any party who posts information to this Web site represents that it is the sole owner of all rights in materials posted by it (including all related copyrights) or that it has the absolute right to license their use as provided in this section. While the posting party will retain ownership of the copyright in the materials it posts, the posting party agrees that all of the materials it posts shall become part of a database, and that the International Iguana Foundation will own the compilation copyright in that database. The posting party hereby grants the International Iguana Foundation a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, publish, translate, publicly perform, publicly display, and distribute its posting, any portion of its posting, and any derivative works created from its posting, in any form, media or technology, by any means now known or developed in the future, and for any purpose whatsoever. The International Iguana Foundation may sublicense all of its rights and licenses or assign them to third parties. Neither the International Iguana Foundation nor any third party using the posting in accordance with this section will be obligated to pay the posting party any royalties or other compensation for use of the posting. The International Iguana Foundation shall have no duty to attribute authorship of the posting to the posting party. The International Iguana Foundation shall not be obligated to enforce any form of attribution by third parties.
Indemnification: Any party who has an account with the International Iguana Foundation is entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their password and account and for all activities that occur under their account. The International Iguana Foundation will not be responsible for any damages suffered by any party as a result of any instructions received from the party’s e-mail account using the party’s password. Any party who uses this Web site hereby indemnifies, defends and holds the International Iguana Foundation and its affiliates, officers, directors, agents, information providers, licensors and licensees harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, liabilities, losses, damages, costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees), whether direct or indirect, by contract, in tort, by operation of law or otherwise, incurred by or asserted or awarded against the International Iguana Foundation or its affiliates, officers, directors, agents, information providers, licensors and licensees in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by any party of these terms and conditions or claims arising from the account of any party, including, but not limited to, the use of the party’s e-mail account and password by any individual. All parties shall use their best efforts to cooperate with the International Iguana Foundation in the defense of any claim. The International Iguana Foundation reserves the right, at the International Iguana Foundation’s own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by any party.
Miscellaneous: If any part of these terms is held to be unenforceable, the unenforceable part shall be construed in accordance with applicable law to the greatest extent possible and the remainder of the provisions shall remain in full force and effect. The failure of the International Iguana Foundation to exercise or enforce any right or provision contained herein shall not constitute a waiver of that right or provision. These terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Texas, United States of America, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. Any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to this Web site or these terms shall be filed only in the state or federal courts in Texas. The International Iguana Foundation makes no representation that the content of this Web site is available or appropriate for use in other locations. Any party who uses this Web site from other locations is responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
Last Revised: August 2005
GET STARTED
HOMESPECIESGRANTSCONTRIBUTECONTACT
QUICK LINKS
LEGAL DISCLOSURE & TERMS OF USEPRIVACY POLICYCONTACT
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
FOLLOW US ON
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Envelope
Copyright 2020 © IIF – Designed by Kjerstan Designs