http://www.bethyl.com/content/security_privacy
We support COVID-19 (SARS-CoV-2) research and are operating in accordance to CDC and government guidelines. Learn about our anti-Human IgG, IgM & IgA antibodies and ELISA kits.
Contact Us | 800-338-9579
About Us
My Account
Register
Sign In
0
Products
Antibodies
by Application
Primary Antibodies
Secondary Antibodies
Epitope Tag Antibodies
Serum Protein Antibodies
Recombinant Rabbit Monoclonal Antibodies
Purified Immunoglobulins
ELISA Kits
ELISA Accessories
Trial Size Antibodies
Advanced Product Search
Research Areas
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Cell Biology
Immunology
Neurobiology
Signal Transduction
Bulk & Custom Production Services
Bulk Antibodies
Custom Antibody Production
Contract Antibodies
Validation Process
Protocols
SARS-CoV-2 IgG ELISA Kit
SARS-CoV-2 IgM ELISA Kit
Cell Lysate Preparation
Western Blot (WB)
Immunoprecipitation
Immunohistochemistry (IHC)
Multiplexing
ELISA
Flow Cytometry
Dilutions
Terms and Abbreviations
Antibody Guarantee
Distributors
Support
Resources
Articles
Supplements
Webinars
Mailing List
Blog
Contact Us
Products
Research Areas
Custom Antibodies
Protocols
Distributors
Technical Support
About Us
Contact Us
My Account
Register
Sign In
0
Security Policy
Bethyl Laboratories, Inc. will make all reasonable efforts to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Your password will be your personal, secret entry code to access your Personal Account at our Site. When you access your account information, it is kept on a secure
server and a password is needed to access any account areas. You can change your password as many times as you like. We recommend that you keep your password in
a safe place and that you always sign off your account and close your browser window once you have finished your visit. These precautions will help prevent someone
else from accessing your account, especially if you share a computer with other people or use a computer in a public place such as an Internet café or library.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
Bethyl Laboratories, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you, via a double opt-in process, to keep you informed on marketing and relevant product offerings. We will not disclose any individually identifiable information to any third party.
Optional Registration
Bethyl does not require customers to register. Non-registered users may access all information presented on the Bethyl website. However, registration does allow customers to place online orders. Additionally, registration for a Bethyl account provides the user with the ability to be notified about promotions, updated product information, and special product and/or research features.
Mailing List
Bethyl offers free electronic and direct mail communications to users. Contact information is obtained from users who voluntarily subscribe. By signing up, a user agrees to provide Bethyl with his or her contact information, agrees to provide Bethyl with consent to contact a user regarding marketing and product offerings, and agrees to Bethyl's Terms and privacy policy. Users located in the US may select their communication preference (e-mail, direct mail or both); whereas users outside of the US may voluntarily subscribe to Bethyl's e-mail list only. Users may opt out of the mailing list(s) at any time by visiting www.bethyl.com/unsubscribe and submitting a completed form. Users may also remove themselves from the e-mail list by clicking on the link at the bottom of an e-blast and selecting the appropriate action. Bethyl delivers information about marketing and product offerings only to registered recipients.
Opt-out
Any user that signs up to join Bethyl's mailing list and would no longer like to receive communications from us will always have ability to opt-out. An unsubscribe option is available on an e-blast campaign and posted on the Bethyl website at all times. To opt-out of the e-mail list and/or direct mail list, a user needs to visit www.bethyl.com/unsubscribe and submit a completed form. To opt out of our e-mail list, a user needs to click the unsubscribe option located at the bottom of any electronic communication. Alternatively, a user may contact marketing@bethyl.com to opt-out of the e-mail and/or direct mailing list and the user's contact information/address will be manually unsubscribed by Bethyl.
Linked Sites
Please be advised that our website contains links to third party websites. The linked sites are not under the control of Bethyl, and Bethyl is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any linked site or any link on a linked site.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Bethyl reserves the right to revise this policy at any time by updating this posting. Your use of our web site indicates your agreement to the currently posted privacy policy.
Updated: May 15, 2018
Contact Information
P.O. Box 850
Montgomery, TX 77356
Phone: 1-800-338-9579
Fax: 1-866-597-6105
Email: marketing@bethyl.com