https://www.fossilguy.com/privacy.htm
FOSSILGUY.COM
"Celebrating the Richness of Paleontology through Fossil Hunting"
Main Menu
Home
Fossil Hunting Sites
Prehistoric Animals
Paleontology News
Paleontology Articles
Paleontologist Interviews
Web Stories
Fossil Hunting Trips
Fossil ID Sheets
Store
Links
Privacy Policy and Legal Disclaimer
Privacy Policy and Legal Disclaimer
Legal Disclaimer
The reading of all information on the www.fossilguy.com (www.thefossilguy.com) domain is of your own free will. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions, you should cease use of this domain / website immediately.
All content provided on the fossilguy.com domain is for informational purposes only. Under no circumstances will I (J. Kowinsky) be liable for any loss or damage (including without limitation indirect or consequential loss or damage) or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of this website or any errors or omissions on this website.
I make no representations or warranties of any kind (expressed or implied) about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability of any information, products, services or related graphics contained on www.fossilguy.com for any purpose.
website visitors going to any of the sites mentioned on this web page must adhere to
any laws, regulations, or rules pertaining to that site.
DO NOT collect / trespass on private property without first personally obtaining the owners written
consent.
The owners, webmasters, and editors of this site are not responsible for the actions of
any visitors to this site.
Any information in this web site is believed to be accurate. However, the accuracy
of any content on this web site cannot be guaranteed as there may be errors on this site.
Any content on this web site is subject to change without prior notice.
The mention or use of any product or service does not imply any endorsement of
those products or services.
Any product or service remains the responsibility
of their owners.
The content of this site reflects the opinions of the editor, and in no way reflects
the policies, ideas, or opinions of any other person or organization.
All images on this site are the property of the author unless noted otherwise.
Images were photographed or scanned by the author of this site unless noted otherwise.
Privacy Policy for www.fossilguy.com and www.thefossilguy.com
This privacy policy is here for the sole purpose of the advertisements displayed on this website.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email: fossilguy (at) fossilguy.com
At www.fossilguy.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information
is received and collected by www.fossilguy.com and how it is used.
Log Files:
Like many other Web sites, www.fossilguy.com makes use of log files.
The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ),
date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement around the site,
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.fossilguy.com does not use cookies, advertisers on this site may use cookies.
DoubleClick DART Cookie:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.fossilguy.com.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to www.fossilguy.com and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include:
Google Adsense
Amazon
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.fossilguy.com send directly to your browsers.
They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs.
Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their
advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Amazon Services:
Fossilguy.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program,
an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising
fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com
About the Author
The Author
To learn about the Author of this site, click on the image - J. Kowinsky
Contact Us
To ask Questions about Paleontology, Fossil Identification, Image Use, or anything else, email us.
Fossilguy.com is very active on Facebook, you can also message us there!
We don't buy or sell fossils, so please don't email us asking about the value of a fossil or fossil purchases.
fossilguy@fossilguy.com
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Pinterest
Instagram
If you enjoy this site, Like our Website and Facebook Page:
Fossilguy
Privacy Policy and Legal Disclaimer
Back to the TOP of page
© 2000 - 2020
: All rights reserved
FOSSILGUY.COM
Fossilguy.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program,
an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising
fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com