http://www.wolfram.com/legal/agreements/wolfram-player/
WolframAlpha.com
WolframCloud.com
All Sites & Public Resources...
Products & Services
Wolfram|One
Mathematica
Wolfram|Alpha Notebook Edition
Programming Lab
Finance Platform
SystemModeler
Wolfram Player
Wolfram Engine
WolframScript
Enterprise Private Cloud
Enterprise Mathematica
Wolfram|Alpha Appliance
Enterprise Solutions
Corporate Consulting
Technical Consulting
Wolfram|Alpha Business Solutions
Resource System
Data Repository
Neural Net Repository
Function Repository
Wolfram|Alpha
Wolfram|Alpha Pro
Problem Generator
API
Data Drop
Products for Education
Mobile Apps
Wolfram Player
Wolfram Cloud App
Wolfram|Alpha for Mobile
Wolfram|Alpha-Powered Apps
Services
Paid Project Support
Wolfram U
Summer Programs
All Products & Services »
Technologies
Wolfram Language
Revolutionary knowledge-based programming language.
Wolfram Cloud
Central infrastructure for Wolfram's cloud products & services.
Wolfram Science
Technology-enabling science of the computational universe.
Wolfram Notebooks
The preeminent environment for any technical workflows.
Wolfram Engine
Software engine implementing the Wolfram Language.
Wolfram Natural Language Understanding System
Knowledge-based broadly deployed natural language.
Wolfram Data Framework
Semantic framework for real-world data.
Wolfram Universal Deployment System
Instant deployment across cloud, desktop, mobile, and more.
Wolfram Knowledgebase
Curated computable knowledge powering Wolfram|Alpha.
All Technologies »
Solutions
Engineering, R&D
Aerospace & Defense
Chemical Engineering
Control Systems
Electrical Engineering
Image Processing
Industrial Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Operations Research
More...
Finance, Statistics & Business Analysis
Actuarial Sciences
Bioinformatics
Data Science
Econometrics
Financial Risk Management
Statistics
More...
Education
All Solutions for Education
Trends
Machine Learning
Multiparadigm Data Science
Internet of Things
High-Performance Computing
Hackathons
Software & Web
Software Development
Authoring & Publishing
Interface Development
Web Development
Sciences
Astronomy
Biology
Chemistry
More...
All Solutions »
Learning & Support
Learning
Wolfram Language Documentation
Fast Introduction for Programmers
Wolfram U
Videos & Screencasts
Wolfram Language Introductory Book
Webinars & Training
Summer Programs
Books
Need Help?
Support FAQ
Wolfram Community
Contact Support
Premium Support
Premier Service
Technical Consulting
All Learning & Support »
Company
About
Company Background
Wolfram Blog
Events
Contact Us
Work with Us
Careers at Wolfram
Internships
Other Wolfram Language Jobs
Initiatives
Wolfram Foundation
MathWorld
Computer-Based Math
A New Kind of Science
Wolfram Technology for Hackathons
Student Ambassador Program
Wolfram for Startups
Demonstrations Project
Wolfram Innovator Awards
Wolfram + Raspberry Pi
Summer Programs
More...
All Company »
Search
LEGAL INFORMATION
Wolfram Player™ License Agreement
Acceptance
This is a binding agreement: read all terms; retain a copy.
The terms and conditions of this License Agreement are subject to change without notice from time to time at our sole discretion. We will notify You of amendments to these terms and conditions by posting them at https://www.wolfram.com/legal/agreements/wolfram-player.
Carefully read the following terms and conditions before accessing, installing or using the Software. By clicking the "I Agree" button, downloading the Product or installing/using the Product, You are consenting to be bound by this Wolfram Player License Agreement ("Agreement"). If You are not willing to accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You may not access, copy, install or use the Product, and You shall discontinue use/installation and immediately uninstall/remove/destroy any existing or additional copies of the Product.
Definitions
WRI: Wolfram Research, Inc., 100 Trade Center Drive, Champaign, IL 61820-7237, USA.
You/Licensee: The individual or organization obtaining the Product. If You/Licensee agree to these terms on behalf of an organization, You represent to WRI that You are authorized to accept these terms on the organization's behalf.
Software: The computer programs provided by WRI under this Agreement, known as Wolfram Player.
Product: All the materials, including the Software, provided by WRI under this Agreement (whether by download or physical storage media), and data accessed on WRI's servers.
Intellectual Property Rights: Any and all rights existing from time to time under patent law, copyright law, trade secret law, trademark law, unfair competition law and any and all other proprietary rights, and any and all applications, renewals, extensions and restorations thereof.
Ownership
WRI is the sole owner of the Product as provided by WRI with the exception of the portions of the Product licensed by WRI from third parties. WRI is the holder of the Intellectual Property Rights in the Product, including, without limitation, such aspects of the Software as its code, structure, sequence, organization, "look and feel", programming language and compilations of command names, descriptors and data. Use of the Product, unless pursuant to the terms of a license granted by WRI or as otherwise authorized by law, is an infringement of Intellectual Property Rights.
Product Use
Subject to the terms of this Agreement and Your acceptance thereof, WRI grants You a non-exclusive license to install and use the Product solely in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Provisions of this Agreement that by their nature express ongoing rights or obligations shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. Other than this express Agreement, no other right, title or interest in or to any tangible or intangible property right of WRI is granted.
Prohibited Uses
All uses of the Software and other elements of the Product not specifically allowed under this Agreement are prohibited, including, without limitation:
decompiling, disassembling or reverse engineering the Software;
modifying the Product in any manner;
distributing, publishing, transferring, sublicensing, lending, leasing, renting or otherwise making available any portion of the Software, including collections of data;
copying or allowing copying of the Product or any elements of the Product, except as permitted for the maintenance of an archival copy of the Software as allowed by the Product Use section of this Agreement;
using the Software for anything other than (i) passively viewing .cdf or .nb files and/or (ii) actively running .cdf files;
removing or obscuring any copyright, trademark, logo, watermark or other proprietary notices from the Software;
using the Software for any illegal purpose or to create malicious programs, including but not limited to creating computer viruses and malware or denying computer bandwidth to WRI and its affiliates and users; and
using a password, activation key or other means of accessing the Software other than as specifically authorized by WRI.
Term and Termination
This Agreement is effective upon Your acceptance of this Agreement, and shall continue in effect until terminated. WRI may terminate this Agreement immediately in the event of any breach by You of any term herein.
Online Services and Data
Certain functionality in the Product may require the Software to access collections of data available through external servers. WRI makes no warranty that access to such data will be uninterrupted or that the data itself will be error free. WRI reserves the right to restrict access to, add, update, modify or remove collections of data based on availability, Your service subscription or otherwise at WRI's discretion. You agree all data access and use shall be in accordance with this Agreement, and not to access or use data collections in such a manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the servers providing such data. You agree to only access collections of data through the intended Software interface. Data provided through WRI's online services constitutes protected intellectual property and may not be copied, distributed, used to construct a database, stored (in whole or in part) in databases for access by You or any third party, or provided or distributed through any database services containing all or part of such data. Access to the online services is provided to You at WRI's discretion and may be terminated or restricted at any time.
Wolfram|Alpha®: Software functionality allows You to access Wolfram|Alpha data from within the Software. In addition to the general Online Services and Data terms and restrictions listed above, data and other results obtained through the Wolfram|Alpha functionality are subject to the Wolfram|Alpha Terms of Use at https://www.wolframalpha.com/termsofuse. Your use of this functionality indicates Your acceptance of these terms.
Wolfram Cloud™: Software functionality allows You to access the Wolfram Cloud from within the Software. In addition to being subject to the general Online Services and Data terms and restrictions, as well as the Wolfram|Alpha Terms of Use, the Wolfram Cloud service is subject to the Terms of Use at https://www.wolfram.com/legal/terms/wolfram-cloud. Your use of this functionality indicates Your acceptance of these terms.
No Warranty and Disclaimer
WRI does not warrant that the Product is free from all errors and/or omissions, and in fact it may contain them. Except as specifically set forth above, the Product is provided "as is". WRI makes no representations or warranties, express, statutory or implied, with respect to the Product or the Software contained in the Product or data accessed thereby, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability, interoperability or fitness for a particular purpose, all of which are expressly disclaimed. WRI does not warrant that the functions contained in the Product will meet Your requirements, or that the operation of the Product will be uninterrupted or error free.
WRI, and its agents, representatives and independent contractors, shall not be obligated to provide or liable, under any circumstances, for providing information on or corrections to errors and/or omissions discovered at any time in the Product, whether or not they were aware of the errors and/or omissions. WRI does not recommend the use of the Product for applications in which errors and/or omissions could threaten life, injury or significant loss. Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so this may not apply to You. This warranty gives You specific legal rights, and You may also have other rights that vary from state to state. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Illinois without effect to any choice of law provisions.
Limited Damages
In no event shall WRI or its agents, representatives and independent contractors be liable for any lost profits, lost use, lost benefits or any consequential, indirect, incidental, special or punitive damages, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, even if WRI has been advised of the possibility of such damages. WRI's cumulative liability to You or any other party for any loss or damages resulting from any claims, demands, actions or otherwise arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall not exceed the license fee paid for the Product. Some states do not allow certain limitations of damages, so the above limitations may not apply to You.
United States Federal Government Restricted Rights
If this Software is acquired by or on behalf of the US federal government, this provision applies. Use, duplication or disclosure of this Software is subject to restrictions set forth in FAR 52.227-19 and DFAR 227.7200–227.7202-4, as applicable. The Software is "commercial computer software" and is licensed with only "Restricted Rights".
Information on enhanced licensing/distribution options is available upon request from WRI via https://www.wolfram.com/contact-us.
Translations
Where WRI has provided You with a translation of the English-language version of the terms, then You agree that the translation is provided for Your convenience only and that the English-language version of the terms will govern Your relationship with WRI. If there is any contradiction or discrepancy between what the English-language version of the terms says and what a translation says, then the English-language version shall take precedence.
General
Wolfram Player and Wolfram Cloud are trademarks of Wolfram Research, Inc. Wolfram|Alpha is a registered trademark of Wolfram Alpha LLC.
Wolfram takes privacy and data protection seriously, and is committed to safeguarding data You share with us. To learn more, please see our Privacy Policy at https://www.wolfram.com/legal/privacy/wolfram.
Legal
Privacy Policies
Wolfram
Wolfram|Alpha
Data Retention
CCPA Addendum
Terms of Use
Wolfram Research
Wolfram|Alpha
Wolfram|Alpha Pro
Wolfram|Alpha API
Wolfram ID
Wolfram Engine
Wolfram Cloud
Wolfram Enterprise Private Cloud
Wolfram Programming Lab
Wolfram Community
Wolfram Connected Devices Project
Wolfram Demonstrations Project
Mathworld
WolframTones
Wolfram Science
Wolfram Research Screensavers and Wallpapers
Wolfram User Portal
Wolfram Chat
License Agreements
Wolfram Mathematica
Wolfram Desktop
Wolfram System Modeler
Wolfram System Modeler Library
Wolfram Finance Platform
Wolfram|Alpha Notebook Edition
Wolfram Raspberry Pi Bundle
Wolfram Player
webMathematica Professional
webMathematica Amateur
WolframTones
MathLink
J/Link
Wolfram|Alpha Toolbar
Wolfram Application Pack
Other
Publishing and Submissions
Wolfram Challenges
Wolfram Competitions
Wolfram Data Repository
Wolfram Demonstrations
Wolfram Resource System
Service Level Agreements
Enterprise Support
Accessibility
Wolfram Mathematica
Wolfram CDF Player (desktop deployment)
Wolfram System Modeler
Products
Wolfram|One
Mathematica
Wolfram|Alpha Notebook Edition
Programming Lab
Wolfram|Alpha Pro
Mobile Apps
Finance Platform
SystemModeler
Wolfram Player
Wolfram Engine
WolframScript
Wolfram Workbench
Volume & Site Licensing
Enterprise Private Cloud
View all...
Services
Technical Consulting
Corporate Consulting
For Customers
Online Store
Product Registration
Product Downloads
Service Plans Benefits
User Portal
Your Account
Support
Support FAQ
Customer Service
Contact Support
Learning
Wolfram Language Documentation
Wolfram Language Introductory Book
Fast Introduction for Programmers
Fast Introduction for Math Students
Webinars & Training
Wolfram U
Summer Programs
Videos
Books
Public Resources
Wolfram|Alpha
Demonstrations Project
Resource System
Connected Devices Project
Wolfram Data Drop
Wolfram + Raspberry Pi
Wolfram Science
Computer-Based Math
MathWorld
Hackathons
Computational Thinking
View all...
Company
Events
About Wolfram
Careers
Contact
Connect
Wolfram Community
Wolfram Blog
Newsletter
© 2020 Wolfram. All rights reserved.
Legal & Privacy Policy
Site Map
WolframAlpha.com
WolframCloud.com