http://www.systransoft.com/systran/policies/terms-of-service/
About SYSTRAN Policies SYSTRAN Terms of Service
SYSTRAN Terms of Service
Last Updated: May 25, 2020SYSTRAN TRANSLATE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (FREE)SYSTRAN TRANSLATE PRO TERMS AND CONDITIONS
SYSTRAN TRANSLATE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (FREE)
By using the online free translation service (the “Service”) available at https://translate.systran.net/ (the “Website”), you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (the “Terms”) without limitations.As used in these Terms, “we”, “us” and “SYSTRAN” means the applicable SYSTRAN contracting party: SYSTRAN S.A., a French joint stock company registered under the unique identification number 334 343 994 RCS Paris, whose registered office is at 5 rue Feydeau, 75002 Paris, France.You can review the current version of the Terms at any time at: https://www.systransoft.com/systran/policies/terms-of-service/.SYSTRAN reserves the right to update, amend and change the Terms at any time with effect for the future without giving reasons.You must read, agree with and accept all of the terms and conditions contained or expressly referenced in these Terms, including SYSTRAN’s Privacy Policy, in order to use the Service.
1. Your use of the Service
1.1 The Service is a free service for personal noncommercial use only. You may not distribute, copy, license or sell all or part of the information and/or material obtained on the Website.
1.2 You may not use the Service outside of the Website in any manner.
1.3 You shall not include the Website in any other website in particular through framing, scripting or through any other mean. Likewise, you shall not republish the content obtained through the Service in any manner.
1.4 You shall not process through the Service anything illegal or contrary to third party rights, such as content borrowed from work protected by intellectual property law, hateful, defamatory, offensive, denigrating or discriminatory content. You cannot transmit or process any personal data through the Service. You will be held solely liable for the content processed through the Service.
2. Liability
2.1 The Website and the Service are provided to you “as they are” and “as available” without warranties of any kind, express or implied.
2.2 SYSTRAN uses reasonable efforts to provide you with accurate translations. Nevertheless, in no event SYSTRAN shall be held liable for the accuracy of the translations obtained through the Service nor for the availability of the Service and/or the Website.
2.3 In particular, you acknowledge that SYSTRAN does not assume any liability for errors, omissions or ambiguities that may occur through the use of the Service.
3. Copyright
3.1 All rights (including but not limited to rights on the texts, images, graphics, software and /or databases) to which SYSTRAN grants access through the Service or on the Website shall remain to the rights holder to the fullest extent and are duly protected.
3.2 You are not entitled to copy, modify, create any derivative work of, reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract the source code of any part of the Website and/or the Service.
SYSTRAN TRANSLATE PRO TERMS AND CONDITIONS
By using any SYSTRAN Services (as defined below), you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions (the “Terms”).As used in these Terms, “we”, “us” and “SYSTRAN” means the applicable SYSTRAN contracting party: SYSTRAN S.A., a French joint stock company registered under the unique identification number 334 343 994 RCS Paris, whose registered office is at 5 rue Feydeau, 75002 Paris, France.As used in these Terms, “you” means the Customer and/or the End User (as defined in Article 1).The services offered by SYSTRAN under the Terms include various translation tools and services. Any such services offered by SYSTRAN are referred to in these Terms as the “Services” (as defined below). Any new features or tools which are added to the current Services shall be also subject to the Terms.You can review the current version of the Terms at any time at: https://www.systransoft.com/systran/policies/terms-of-service/.SYSTRAN reserves the right to update, amend and change the Terms at any time. In that case, any significant modification will be notified to you by the introduction of a pop-up on the website or by e-mail.You must read, agree with and accept all of the terms and conditions contained or expressly referenced in these Terms, including SYSTRAN’s Privacy Policy.
1. Definitions
In these Terms, the words beginning with a capital letter get the following definition:
1.1 “Administration Console” shall mean the personal space that the Customer can access to manage its Offer.
1.2 “API” shall mean the Application Programming Interface provided by SYSTRAN to the Customer who subscribed to the API Offers.
1.3 “API Offer(s)” shall mean any Offer allowing the Customer to benefit from the following Services through the API as described at: https://www.systransoft.com/translation-products/pro/
1.4 “Character(s)” shall mean any written sign. Multi-byte encoded character shall count as a single character.
1.5 “Content” shall mean all text and characters sent by the Customer to the API or the Online Tools in order to have it processed by SYSTRAN.
1.6 “Credits” shall mean units of translation characters available per End User per month. The number of characters available depends on the Price Level of the Model chosen by the Customer.
1.7 “Customer” shall mean all entity or person who subscribed to an Offer.
1.8 “Documentation” shall mean any explanatory document provided by SYSTRAN relating to the Services for the API Offers.
1.9 “End User” shall mean all user of the Services authorized by the Customer for the Pro Offers.
1.10 “Final Content” shall mean any Content that has been processed through the API or the Online Tools.
1.11 “Model” shall mean a translation model made available by SYSTRAN, a Trainer or a partner on the SYSTRAN Catalog through the SYSTRAN Marketplace.
1.12 “Offer(s)” shall mean any Systran offer as described at: https://www.systransoft.com/translation-products/pro/.
1.13 “Online Tools” shall mean the web interface permitting the Customer who subscribed to the Pro Offers to access to the Services.
1.14 “Price Level” shall mean the price set out by SYSTRAN, a Trainer or a partner for a Model. For example, for a Systran Generic Model (unspecialized Model) the Price Level is 1: 1 million characters = 1 million Credits; for a Systran Model + (specialized Model by SYSTRAN or premium Model) the Price Level is 2: 500,000 characters = 1 million Credits.
1.15 “Pro Offer(s)” shall mean the Offer allowing the Customer to benefit from the Services through the Online Tools as described at: https://www.systransoft.com/translation-products/pro/
1.16 “Services” shall mean any service provided by Systran to the Customer.
1.17 “SYSTRAN Catalog” shall mean the catalog listing all the available Models on the SYSTRAN Marketplace.
1.18 “SYSTRAN Marketplace” shall mean the marketplace where the End Users can spend their Credits buying Models.
1.19 “Trainer” shall mean all entity or person who has made available a Model on the SYSTRAN Catalog through the SYSTRAN Marketplace.
2. Acceptance of the Terms
2.1 You may not use the Services unless you first accept to be bound by these Terms.
2.2 You can accept the Terms by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms when subscribing to an Offer.
2.3 Your acceptance of the Terms shall be deemed an unconditional agreement to be bound by each provision of the Terms, without any exceptions or qualifications whatsoever from you. If you do not agree to all of the provisions of the Terms, do not access or use the Services.
2.4 You may not use the Services and may not accept the Terms if (a) you are not of legal age to form a binding contract with SYSTRAN, (b) you are a person barred from receiving the Services under the laws of France or other countries including the country in which you are resident or from which you use the Services, or (c) for purposes contrary to public order and morality.
2.5 Before you continue, you should print off or save a local copy of these Terms for your records.
3. Language
3.1 If you use the Services from a country other than France, you acknowledge and agree that any translation from the English language versions of the Terms is provided to you by SYSTRAN for your information only and that the English language version of the Terms will be the only binding version which will govern your relationship with SYSTRAN. In the event of any contradiction between the English language version of the Terms and a translation of these Terms, the English language version shall prevail.
3.2 If you use the Services from France, you acknowledge and agree that any translation from the French language versions of the Terms is provided to you by SYSTRAN for your information only and that the French language versions of the Terms will be the only binding versions which will govern your relationship with SYSTRAN. In the event of any contradiction between the terms of the French language version of the Terms and a translation of these Terms, the French language version shall prevail.
4. Provision of the Services by SYSTRAN
4.1 You acknowledge and agree that the Services may be provided to you on behalf of SYSTRAN by SYSTRAN’s foreign subsidiaries and affiliated legal entities (“Subsidiaries and Affiliates”) in accordance with the Terms.
4.2 You acknowledge and agree that the Services may be provided to you on behalf of SYSTRAN, in whole or in part, by third party subcontractors.
4.3 You acknowledge and agree that SYSTRAN may change from time to time without prior notice to you the form and nature of the Services at its sole discretion, as a result of SYSTRAN’s improvement, enhancement and further development of the Services.
4.4 SYSTRAN may interrupt, access to all or part of the Services, without any liability to you, in order to permit maintenance operations to be carried out and/or for development necessary for the proper functioning of the Services and for the improvement of the Services. In such case, SYSTRAN shall inform the Customer and the End Users in due time by email.
4.5 You also acknowledge that, as part of the ongoing development of the API, SYSTRAN might replace the Customer’s version of the API by a new one with additional and different features and tools. In such case, SYSTRAN shall inform the Customer in due time by email and the Customer undertakes to implement the new version of the API within a reasonable period of time.
4.6 SYSTRAN undertakes to make its best efforts to make available the API, the Online Tools and the Administration Console most of the time.
4.7 SYSTRAN will only store the Content in order to provide the Services to the Customer and to End Users, especially to provide them the Final Content. The Content will not be perpetually stored by SYSTRAN. Therefore, the Content cannot be return to the Customer nor End Users by SYSTRAN.
5. Services Subscription
5.1 You can subscribe to the Services by visiting SYSTRAN’s website or SYSTRAN Translate free service and, depending on the Pro offer, purchase online or via contact form that will be processed by our sales department.
5.2 SYSTRAN reserves the right to reject a Customer purchase. In particular, SYSTRAN rejects purchases from any entity which aims to create competing translation content or competing translation tools.
6. Your password and account security
6.1 You agree and understand that you are responsible for the protection of the confidentiality of passwords associated with any account you use to access the Services.
6.2 Accordingly, you agree that you solely will be responsible to SYSTRAN and to third parties for all consequences of the use of your passwords and accounts and for all activities that occur under your account, and that SYSTRAN may under no circumstances be held liable for any fraudulent use of your passwords and account. If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your password or of your account, you shall immediately notify SYSTRAN at: contact@systrangroup.com.
7. Your use of SYSTRAN Services
7.1 You may be asked to provide to SYSTRAN certain personal data and information in order to allow you to identify yourself as an individual, such as identification or contact details (referred to below as “Personal Data”) as part of the registration process for the Services, or as part of your continued use of the Services. You undertake to provide SYSTRAN with Personal Data which will always be accurate, complete and up to date. Personal Data will be collected and treated by SYSTRAN as described in SYSTRAN Privacy Policy.
7.2 You undertake to use the Services only for purposes that are in strict compliance with (a) the Terms and (b) any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions (including any laws governing the export of data or software to and from France, your country of residence or other relevant countries) and you shall take no actions which would cause SYSTRAN to be in violation of any law, ruling or regulation applicable to it.
7.3 You undertake to use the service for the sole purpose of lawful and legitimate need of automated translation. In particular, the following usages are prohibited: (a) any use of the service for retro-engineering the service itself or any of its components, (b) for bypassing security or throttling system of a third-party and more generally as a proxy, (c) for spamming activity, (d) for building-up database of data used for training a competitive service, or (e) for getting access to any processing intermediate state.
7.4 Unless a specific authorization has been granted to you by SYSTRAN in a separate agreement, you undertake not to access (or attempt to access) any of the Services in a manner not expressly permitted by SYSTRAN.
7.5 You undertake not to engage in any activity that may alter, interfere with, damage, overburden or disrupt the Services (or the servers and networks which are connected to the Services). Moreover, you undertake to use the Services on a secured IT environment.
7.6 Unless a specific authorization has been granted to you in a separate agreement with SYSTRAN, you undertake not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, resell or make available the Services to third parties for any purpose.
7.7 The Customer is solely liable for the implementation of the API as well, as the installation, operation and maintenance of its system on which utilizes the API. The Customer shall ensure that its systems are compatible with the Documentation. If SYSTRAN provides a new version of the API, the Customer shall implement it within a reasonable period of time.
7.8 You undertake not to access the Services through automated procedures. Moreover, you must notify SYSTRAN without delay if you expect a significant increase in the number of requests for any reason whatsoever.
7.9 The Customer’s Content must not contain nothing illegal or contrary to third party rights, such as content borrowed from work protected by intellectual property law, hateful, defamatory, offensive, denigrating or discriminatory content. The Customer cannot transmit or process any Personal Data through the Content. SYSTRAN cannot be held liable for the Final Content.
7.10 You undertake not to remove, defeat, avoid, deactivate or bypass protection or authentication tools or instruments while using the Services.
7.11 You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that SYSTRAN has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any breach of your obligations under the Terms and for the consequences (including any loss or damage which SYSTRAN may suffer) of any such breach. You undertake to indemnify, defend and hold SYSTRAN harmless against the consequences of any such breach.
7.12 Third party plugins or applications (typically CAT Tools machine translation connectors or plugins) are requiring the purchase of SYSTRAN Products for the provision of the translation. Those third-party applications are subject to the terms of service provided by their vendor. Although some Third Party connectors may require only an API key as a connection method, their usage may require specific subscription (for instance, but not limited to, SYSTRAN PRO subscription is required for CAT Tools connectors).. In such cases, SYSTRAN reserves the right to deactivate API keys used without appropriate user subscriptions.
8. Privacy and Personal Data
8.1 As part of your use of the Services, SYSTRAN is obliged to process and collect Personal Data.
8.2 The Privacy Policy is an integral part of these Terms. It informs you about how SYSTRAN may collect and process your Personal Data.
8.3 The Privacy Policy is available at: https://www.systransoft.com/systran/policies/privacy-policy/.
8.4 In order to exercise the rights provided for in the Personal Data Regulation as explained in the Privacy Policy you can send your request: – by mail: Data Controller – SYSTRAN SAS – 5 rue Feydeau – 75002 PARIS – FRANCE– by email: contact@systrangroup.com
8.5 You agree to the use of your Personal Data in accordance with SYSTRAN’s Privacy Policy, in accordance with personal data regulation particularly the provisions of French Law No 78-17 of 6 January 1978; the provisions of European Regulation 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) and of French Law No 2018-493 of 20 June 2018 on the protection of personal data), and accept that SYSTRAN may also pass your Personal Data to its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, for the purpose of provisions of the Services or any other purpose as may be accepted by you.
8.6 You undertake to comply with the rules applicable to the protection of Personal Data (particularly the provisions of French Law No 78-17 of 6 January 1978; the provisions of European Regulation 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) and of French Law No 2018-493 of 20 June 2018 on the protection of personal data) while using the Services.
9. SYSTRAN’s proprietary rights
9.1 SYSTRAN owns and/or has legal authority to all legal rights, title and interest in and to the Services, including any intellectual property rights which subsist in the Services (whether those rights happen to be registered or not, and wherever in the world those rights may exist). You acknowledge and agree that the Services may contain information which is designated confidential by SYSTRAN and you undertake that you shall not disclose such information without SYSTRAN’s prior written consent.
9.2 The Terms strictly forbid you to use, represent, reproduce, whether in all or in part, any of SYSTRAN’s trade names, trademarks, , logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features, and consequently, any such use, representation or reproduction by any means or in any form whatsoever of all or part, whether or not qualitatively or quantitatively substantial, without the prior written authorization by SYSTRAN shall constitute inter alia an infringement of such intellectual property rights. In particular and without limitation, SYSTRAN prohibits the use of the SYSTRAN logo for commercial purposes without SYSTRAN prior and written consent.
9.3 Subject to the obtaining of SYSTRAN prior written authorization to use any of its trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features, you undertake, when using the same, to comply strictly with the terms of such authorization and any applicable provisions of the Terms.
9.4 You undertake not to remove and to keep intact any proprietary rights notices (including copyright and trademark notices) which may be affixed to or appear within the Services.
9.5 Other than the limited license set forth in Article 11 below, SYSTRAN shall obtain no right, title or interest from you (or your licensors) under the Terms. Unless you have agreed otherwise in writing with SYSTRAN, you agree that you are responsible for protecting and enforcing those rights and that SYSTRAN has no obligation to do so on your behalf.
9.6 It is SYSTRAN’s policy to respond to notices of alleged infringement of copyright, trademark or any other intellectual property rights arising under all applicable intellectual property laws and to terminate the accounts of repeated infringers.
10. License from SYSTRAN
10.1 Unless provided differently in any Supplemental Terms which may be applicable, SYSTRAN gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the Online Tools and/or the API provided to you by SYSTRAN as part of the Services (referred to as the “Software” below). This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to fully use the Services as provided by SYSTRAN, always in compliance with the Terms.
10.2 You shall not (and you shall not permit anyone else to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract the source code of the Software or any part thereof, unless this is expressly permitted or required by law, or unless you have been authorized to do so by SYSTRAN, in writing.
10.3 Unless SYSTRAN has given you prior written authorization to do so, you may not assign (or grant a sub-license of) your rights to use the Software, grant a security interest in or over your rights to use the Software, or otherwise transfer all or any part of your rights to use the Software.
10.4 The license to use Online Tools is a single-user license. The access credentials to the Online Tools shall be only used by one person.
11. License from You
11.1 Before displaying, posting and/or submitting for translation any file, text, web page, and/or any Content whatsoever on or through the Services, you shall ensure that you are entitled to do so and that you either are the author of such content or have obtained a prior written authorization to use such content from its author. SYSTRAN shall under no circumstances be held liable for the consequences of any infringement of this clause.
11.2 You retain copyright and any other rights already held on the Content which you translate, submit, post or display on or through, the Services.
11.3 By submitting, posting or displaying the Content on or through, the Services, you shall grant SYSTRAN a limited, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to store, reproduce, transmit, excerpt, adapt, modify, translate and publish any Content which you submit, post or display on or through, the Services in order to provide you with the Services. You agree not to be entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from SYSTRAN under any circumstances under this license.
11.4 SYSTRAN will only store the Content in order to provide the Services to the Customer and to End Users, especially to provide them the Final Content. The Content will not be retained beyond the provision of the Services by SYSTRAN. This license is only granted in the context of the provision of Services; the Content is not used by SYSTRAN for the purpose of improving its Services.
11.5 You warrant to SYSTRAN that you have all the rights, power and authority necessary to grant the limited license referred to in this clause.
12. Software updates
The Software which you use may automatically download and install updates from time to time from SYSTRAN. These updates are designed to improve, enhance and further develop the Services and may take the form of bug fixes, enhanced functions, new software modules and completely new versions. You agree to receive such updates (and permit SYSTRAN to deliver these to you) as part of your use of the Services and any such updates provided are subject to the Terms.
13. Financial Terms
13.1 The Customer shall pay the fees corresponding to the Offer chosen which may vary according to the number of End Users chosen, if applicable, and to the duration of the subscription (annual or monthly).
13.2 In case of subscription to an annual Offer, the Customer shall choose the option of payment deadlines: monthly or annual payment.
13.3 The payment can be done, at the choice of the Customer, by credit/debit card or by bank transfer.
13.4 In the event that the Customer exceeds the Credits limit included in its offer, an additional amount will be charged. You acknowledge and agree that, in the event of a limitation of Credits, if the limitation has not been reached, these Credits shall not be reportable at a later date.
13.5 If one due payment is rejected, SYSTRAN will try to proceed to the payment again three (3) days then five (5) days after the first rejection and then will try one last time fifteen (15) days after the first rejection.
13.6 In the event of this last attempt to charge failing again, SYSTRAN retains the right to suspend the Customer account and End Users accounts, if applicable, without any delay until the amount due is paid.
14. Duration
14.1 The Customer can subscribe to an Offer with no time commitment as long as the monthly payment invoicing option has been chosen. In this case, the Offer is subscribed for a period of one (1) month starting from the subscription date and is renewed tacitly from month to month.Every month, the Customer can decide to terminate the Offer subscribed. To do so, the Customer can unsubscribe by contacting the support and assistance service and according to the conditions for termination provided in Article 15 below.
14.2 The Customer can subscribe to a Subscription with a time commitment of twelve (12) months starting from the subscription date, renewed tacitly from year to year (12 months).At the end of each due date, the Customer can decide not to subscribe anymore to the Offer chosen. To do so, the Customer can unsubscribe by contacting the support and assistance service and according to the conditions for termination provided in Article 15 below.
15. Termination of the legal agreement with SYSTRAN
15.1 The legal agreement (Terms) can be terminated by either you or SYSTRAN as set out below.
15.2 The Customer may terminate the Agreement at any time with effect to the end of the current subscription period.
15.3 SYSTRAN shall be entitled to terminate the legal agreement with you at any time, upon occurrence of any of the following events, with a one month prior notice by email, as it may deem appropriate:• (A) any breach by you of any provision of the Terms and/or generally any actions incompatible with the rules of the functioning and use of the Services, or showing your intention not to, or inability to, comply with the provisions of the Terms; or• (B) if it becomes contrary to any law or regulation for SYSTRAN to maintain its legal agreement with you and/or to maintain the provision of the Services or if the termination of the legal agreement between you and SYSTRAN is required by law; or• (C) termination of SYSTRAN’s relationship with any partner with whom SYSTRAN offered the Services to you or termination of the provision of certain Services by such partner.
15.4 The termination of the Terms shall not extend to those legal rights, obligations and liabilities, and in particular, without limitation, pursuant to Article 9 and 11, which continue indefinitely, whether or not expressly stated as such, and which shall continue unaffected, and the provisions of Article 19 shall continue to apply to such rights, obligations and liabilities indefinitely.
16. Consumer rights
16.1 In the event that the Customer meets the definition of a “consumer” as set forth in Introductory Article of the French Consumer Code (consumer: any physical person acting for purposes which are not within the scope of his or her commercial, industrial, artisanal, liberal or agricultural activity), the Customer benefits from a withdrawal right.
16.2 To exercise the right of withdrawal, the Customer shall inform SYSTRAN within fourteen (14) following the date of the Offer subscription in writing: – by email: contact@systrangroup.com; or– by post: SYSTRAN SAS – 5 rue Feydeau – 75002 PARIS
16.3 In case of withdrawal, SYSTRAN will reimburse to you all payments received from you if you haven’t started using the Services. If you have started using the Service, an amount corresponding to the proportion of the Services already provided to you by SYSTRAN will be deducted of your reimbursement. This reimbursement will intervene within fourteen (14) days following your notification of withdrawal.
16.4 In the event of a dispute, you should first contact SYSTRAN’s customer service department, on business days: – by phone: +33 1 44 82 49 00– by email: contact@systrangroup.com
16.5 In the event of the failure of the request for a complaint to SYSTRAN customer service or in absence of a reply within two (2) months, the consumer may refer the dispute to a mediator who will try to reach an amicable solution.In order to submit a request for mediation, the consumer can use the complaint form available at the following address: https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/main/?event=main.complaints.screeningphase.
16.6 The parties remain free to accept or refuse to use mediation and, in the event of recourse to mediation, to accept or refuse the mediator’s solution.
17. Warranties
17.1 When the Customer is a consumer as set forth in Introductory Article of the French Consumer Code (consumer: any physical person acting for purposes which are not within the scope of his or her commercial, industrial, artisanal, liberal or agricultural activity), the Customer shall benefit from statutory warranty rights.
17.2 When the Customer is a professional, SYSTRAN shall only be liable for technical defects or errors of the API or the Online Tools, excluding translation accuracy default..
17.3 The Customer shall notify to SYSTRAN any defect by email without delay.
17.4 SYSTRAN shall make its best efforts to remedy to the defect or the error within a reasonable time. The Customer shall assist SYSTRAN in rectifying the defect or the error.
17.5 No advice, results or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from SYSTRAN or through the Services shall create any warranty not expressly made in the terms.
18. Liability
18.1 SYSTRAN offers the Services “as they are” and “as available”, and therefore does not have to make sure the Services match the Customer’s needs.
18.2 Any material or software downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Services is obtained at your own discretion and risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or other device or loss of data that results from the download of such material. You are solely responsible for taking all appropriate measures to protect your own data and/or computer from contamination by any viruses that may be circulating on the internet.
18.3 SYSTRAN strives to achieve the highest possible translation accuracy, but you are reminded that no automated translation is perfect nor is it intended to replace human translators. You should note that the quality of the source text significantly affects the quality of the translations. Consequently, neither SYSTRAN, nor any of its subsidiaries, affiliates and licensors shall assume any liability under any circumstances in connection with the quality of the translation obtained by the use of the services.
18.4 SYSTRAN cannot be held liable for Models made available by Trainers.
18.5 You shall be fully responsible for the risks incurred by placing your reliance on, and for all consequences of your use of (i) the Services, (ii) the translation obtained by use of the Services and/ or any (iii) Content.
18.6 Subject to the overall provisions in Article 17 above neither SYSTRAN nor any of its subsidiaries, affiliates and licensors will under any circumstances be liable to you for:
• A- any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary, punitive or any other damage, arising from or associated with the use of, or inability to use, the services, including without limitation, loss of profits or income, loss of goodwill, loss of business, loss of reputation or loss of opportunity, loss of data, and any other loss or damage of any kind, cost of procurement of substitute goods or services, or other intangible loss, however arising, whether incurred directly or indirectly and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable.
• B- any loss or damage which you may have incurred, including but not limited to, loss or damage as a result of:
• I- any changes to the Services made by SYSTRAN, or any temporary interruption in the Services, or part of the Services;
• Ii- any reliance placed by you on the relevance, completeness, accuracy, absence of errors, veracity, timeliness, quality, availability, usefulness and fitness for a particular purpose of (i) the Services, (ii) the Final Content or (iii) any content including any advertisement.
• Iii- delays, errors, operating problems, technical failure or incompatibility between the Services and your files, your browser or any other program used to access the Services, nor any other technical difficulties outside SYSTRAN’s control.
• Iv- distribution of a virus through the Services, which may infect your computer system following connection to the Services, use of the Services or browsing of the Services.
• V- your failure to provide SYSTRAN with accurate Personal Data.
• Vi- your failure to keep your password or Personal Data secure and confidential.
18.7 Notwithstanding the above, any liability of SYSTRAN, its subsidiaries, affiliates and licensors, however it occurs, for any damage or loss described in this clause shall not exceed the price, if any, paid by you to SYSTRAN for the relevant Services.
18.8 The limitation of SYSTRAN’s liability to you as set forth in this clause shall apply whether or not SYSTRAN has been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of any such losses arising.
18.9 You shall promptly notify SYSTRAN of any claims brought against you by third parties in connection with an alleged infringement by SYSTRAN of an intellectual property right. SYSTRAN reserves the right but shall have no obligation, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any such claims. In such case, you agree to cooperate with SYSTRAN’s defense of such claim.
18.10 You shall indemnify, defend and hold SYSTRAN, its subsidiaries and affiliates and all the officers, directors, employees, agents, information providers, licensors and licensees of SYSTRAN and those of its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the “indemnified parties”) harmless from and against all and any expenses, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or disbursements incurred or suffered and any claims or legal proceedings which are brought or threatened, in each case arising from (i) your use, or the use of any user of your account, of the Services and/or (ii) any breach by you, or by any user of your account, of the Terms or (iii) any violation by you, or by any user of your account, of any rights of third parties through the use of the Services. SYSTRAN reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any claim for which the indemnified parties are entitled to indemnification under this clause, subject to indemnification by you. In such event, you agree to cooperate with SYSTRAN’s defense of such claim.
19. Miscellaneous
19.1 The Terms shall govern only your relationship with SYSTRAN, and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, to the exclusion of any relationship which you may enter into incidentally with any other person or company as a result of, or through your use of the Services, when using a service or downloading software, or purchasing goods, provided by such person or company.
19.2 The Terms constitute the entire legal agreement between you and SYSTRAN. These General Terms replace any prior General Terms entered into between you and SYSTRAN in relation to the Services but shall in no way affect the validity of any Supplemental Terms pre-existing these General Terms.
19.3 Any notices by SYSTRAN in connection to the Services may be provided to you either by email, regular mail, or postings on the Services.
19.4 No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of SYSTRAN, any right or remedy under the Terms or under any applicable law, shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or remedy prevent any further or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy. The rights and remedies of SYSTRAN provided for by the Terms are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.
19.5 If, at any time, any provision of the Terms is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect pursuant to any law of any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the law of any other jurisdiction will in any way be affected or impaired.
19.6 You acknowledge and agree that the Terms shall benefit SYSTRAN’s subsidiaries and affiliates and that they shall be entitled to directly enforce, and rely upon, any provision of the Terms which confers a benefit on (or rights in favor of) them. Other than by virtue of this provision, no other person or company shall be third party beneficiaries of the Terms.
19.7 The Terms, and your relationship with SYSTRAN under the Terms, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with French law.
18.8 The competent courts within the jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal of Paris, France, shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Terms. Notwithstanding the above provisions, which are for the benefit of SYSTRAN only, SYSTRAN shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction.
All fields are required
Some information are not properly filled in
Country
Afghanistan
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Aland Islands
Algeria
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Albania
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Croatia
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Greece
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kyrgyzstan
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kosovo
Kuwait
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Seychelles
Senegal
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Tanzania, United Republic of
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
SUBMIT
We respect your privacy, and will use this information only for contact purposes.