http://www.macrogenics.com/privacy/
Privacy
Home
Privacy
MacroGenics Website Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 26, 2019
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes how we at MacroGenics, Inc. (“MacroGenics”) handle the information we collect about persons who visit the http://www.macrogenics.com website or any other website that links to this Policy (collectively, the “Sites”). Specifically, the Policy is designed to tell you about MacroGenics’ practices with respect to our collection, maintenance, use and disclosure of information about you when you visit one or more of the Sites.
By visiting any of the Sites, you are deemed to agree to the terms of this Policy (as well as our Terms of Use), so please read the Policy carefully before exploring or otherwise using any of the Sites.
We may update this Policy at any time. Any changes to the Policy will become effective upon the date of our posting of the revised Policy on the Sites. If you visit any of the Sites following the effective date of the revised Policy, you will be deemed to have accepted the Policy’s updated terms.
I.
What Types of Information Does MacroGenics Collect Through the Sites?
The information we collect about you if you visit a Site (“Your Information”) includes any information you actively provide, such as when you give us your contact information, as well as information you provide passively simply by visiting the Site.
Like many websites, our Sites may actively collect information about you by asking you specific questions and/or by inviting you to communicate directly with us via e-mail, feedback forms, and other forums. Some of the information that you might submit includes your name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number, place of work, or the state of your health.
The Sites also automatically collect some information about your use of the Sites. You “passively” provide this data through the computer or device that you use to connect to a Site. This data is collected via browser navigational tools, such as cookies, local shared objects (“flash cookies”), pixel tags, and similar technologies that are employed on the Sites.
Cookies are small data files that a website stores on the hard drive of the device through which a website user connects to the website. You can set your browser to accept all cookies, to reject all cookies, or to notify you whenever a cookie is offered so that you can decide each time whether to accept it. However, refusing a cookie may in some cases preclude you from using, or negatively affect the display or function of, a website or certain areas or features of a website. To learn more about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
By visiting any of the Sites, you are deemed to unambiguously agree to its use of any cookies that you do not disable.
We use performance and analytics firms including but not limited to Google Analytics, Google Search Console, which employ cookies and similar technologies on the Sites, so that we can compile statistics about our daily number of Site visitors, specific page requests, or other patterns of use on the Sites. The Sites currently do not respond to a “Do Not Track” browser signal from a visitor’s computer or other connecting device.
II. How Does MacroGenics Use the Information It Collects About You?
A. We may use Your Information for any or all of the following purposes:
1. Respond to Your Requests. To respond to your requests or to answer questions you may pose through the “Contact Us” form on the Sites.
2. Send You Communications. If you join our mailing list or otherwise provide your contact information to us, we may use Your Information to send you newsletters or other notices to inform you about our research, product development, product specifications, programs, or services that we believe may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any of our commercial (promotional) communications, as described in those communications.
3. Process Your Applications. If you submit a job application or other type of application, we will use the information about you that you provide to process the application.
4. Enhance Our Operations. We may use Your Information for our internal business purposes, such as to help us improve the Sites, including by requesting feedback, and for related purposes such as data analysis, audits, and identifying usage trends.
III. With Whom Might MacroGenics Share Your Information?
A. Third Party Service Providers. We may share Your Information with third parties who provide us with services, such as the designer of the Site and others who assist us with technology, data analysis, or similar services. We do not share information with unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes.
B. Acquirers or Assignees. In the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of MacroGenics or its assets, we may transfer any and all information that we collect from Site users to the acquiring party or assignee. We cannot guarantee that such acquiring party or assignee will handle Your Information under the same terms as those set forth in this Policy.
C. Entities Entitled Under Law. We may disclose Your Information as we believe appropriate in the following circumstances: (i) when required by applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (ii) to comply with legal process (iii) to respond to requests from public and government authorities; (iv) to enforce the terms and conditions for use of the Sites, including this Policy; (v) to protect and defend our rights and property; (vi) to protect the interests of MacroGenics or others; and (vii) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. We have no obligation to notify you of such disclosures except as required by applicable law.
IV. How Can You Manage Your Information That We Maintain?
To help keep Your Information accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified in Section IX below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Your Information in our possession that you have previously submitted via a Site. Please note that we are not responsible for correcting, updating or deleting any information in the databases of third parties.
V. How Does MacroGenics Protect Your Information?
We will take reasonable steps to protect the security of Your Information and to protect it from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should be aware that no Internet transmission is ever fully secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail transmissions may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Moreover, where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special online access features, it is your responsibility to safeguard them from disclosure or misuse.
VI. Collection of information by Others.
A. Other Websites. The Sites may contain links to websites operated by parties not affiliated with MacroGenics. These linked sites are not under MacroGenics’ control and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any such unaffiliated parties. If you provide information through any such third-party website, the information will be collected by, and controlled by the privacy policy of, that third party. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and practices of any such third parties.
B. Through Our Site. As noted, we allow third parties such as Google Analytics to use cookies or other technologies to collect information about Site users in order to provide us with analytics services to help us improve the Sites.
VII. Use of the Site by Children.
None of the Sites is directed to children under the age of thirteen (13), and we do not knowingly collect information from any children under age 13. If we discover that we have obtained personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete it.
VIII. International Transfers of Information.
By using the Sites, you are deemed to understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of Your Information in the United States, with the awareness that the laws of the United States may not provide as much protection for information as the laws of certain other countries or territories.
IX. Contacting Us.
If you have any questions or concerns related to this Privacy Policy or the information practices of this Sites, please contact us at:
MacroGenics, Inc.
Attn: General Counsel
9704 Medical Center Drive
Rockville, MD 20850
Phone: 301.251.5172
Fax: 301.251.5321
Email: info@macrogenics.com
or visit us through the “Contact Us” page on any of the Sites.
Please note – you will leave a website owned by MacroGenics, Inc.
MacroGenics is not responsible for any content on the third party website.
Ok
Close