http://www.greenpromise.com/privacy.php
About Us
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Green PromiseAll rights reserved.
home : privacy policy
Green Promise Privacy Policy
Green Promise is completely committed to protecting your privacy. Our privacy policy contains the measures we take to safeguard your information. We publish this policy to help you understand what information we collect about you and what we do with that information.
Personal Information
When you submit personal information about yourself to GreenPromise.com, that information is covered by the policy. We collect and maintain personal information to provide information and services to you. We collect and maintain the following types of personal information about you from the following sources:
Information We Collect About Your Visit to GreenPromise.com
We may set and access cookies on your computer or use other methods to gather information about your visit to our site such as your Internet Protocol address, operating system or browser
We may collect information about which site referred you to us, the time you spent on our site or the pages you viewed
Subscription to Our Monthly Newsletter
Our e-mail newsletter is an opt-in newsletter, meaning you must subscribe to receive our newsletter. We have a double opt-in policy, to make sure you aren't subscribed in error. After subscribing via our Web site or our newsletter, you will receive a confirmation e-mail requesting a confirmation of your subscription. At any time, you may opt-out of receiving the monthly newsletter.
Alternatively, if you register to submit Green Promises, during your registration you have the option to select your newsletter subscription settings. After submitting your registration, you will receive a confirmation e-mail requesting validation of your Green Promise registration. At any time, you may log in and edit your user profile if you wish to no longer receive the monthly newsletter.
Registration to Submit Green Promises
Only your username is made public with any Green Promise you have made. The additional information we collect is either to aid in helping you track and fulfill your Green Promise, or to analyze trends. Contact between users is permitted via a personal messaging system. At any time, you may edit your user profile to no longer allow contact via personal messages.
E-mail
We do not support SPAM and will never give away or sell your e-mail address to anyone. We will use your e-mail address to deliver our monthly newsletter that you have subscribed to. In addition, if you have registered to submit Green Promises, you will receive various notifications related to the Green Promise user functionality (personal messages, reminders, etc.) We also may send an occasional e-mail note to alert our subscribers and registered users of any special news that we may have at the time. At any time, you may opt-out of either receiving our newsletter or receiving notifications regarding the Green Promise portion of our site.
Security
We restrict access to your personal information. We understand the importance of customer confidentiality and we maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect customer personal information. We regularly test, review and update our technology and procedures for protecting personal information in accordance with this security policy.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacty statement, please submit your questions or comments using our contact form.