http://www.wildcamels.com/privacy-policy/
The WCPF is raising urgent funds for a new breeding centre! Can you help us?												DONATE NOW!
Skip to content Skip to footerEffective date: 24th May 2018
The Wild Camel Protection Foundation, (“WCPF”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the www.wildcamels.com, website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
All your Personal Data shall be held and used in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and national laws implementing GDPR and any legislation that replaces it in whole or in part and any other legislation relating to the protection of personal data. If you want to know what Personal Data we collect and hold about you, or to exercise any of your rights as set out below, please email us at harecamel@aol.com.
The Wild Camel Protection Foundation is the controller of your Personal Data for the purposes of the GDPR and is a charity registered with the UK Charity Commissioners under number 10687060.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service and to inform you about our efforts to save the critically endangered wild camel camelus ferus in China and Mongolia. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Definitions
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.
Data Controller
Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Data Subject
Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
User
The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use Information
Types of Data
Collected Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
• Email address
• First name and last name
• Phone number
• Address, city, county, postcode
• Cookies and Usage Data
You may provide us with information in a number of ways:
• By supplying us with the Information as listed above, on an individual basis by registering as to use our Service or subscribing to receive newsletters or information from us.
• By corresponding with us by email, in which case we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses
• Through any preferences as advised by you on subscribing to our membership;
• By Information provided when you use our mobile optimised website from your portable hand-held device including details of your physical location, where you have agreed to it being used.
* We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us at any time by contacting us directly.
Usage Data
We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique
device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
• Please visit our dedicated Cookie Policy page for full details of the cookies used on this site.
Use of Data
The Wild Camel Protection Foundation
uses the collected data for various purposes:
• To provide and maintain our Service
• To notify you about changes to our Service
• To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
• To provide membership support
• To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
• To monitor the usage of our Service
• To detect, prevent and address technical issues
• To provide you with news and general information about the critically endangered wild camel unless you opt not to receive such information.
Retention of Data
The Wild Camel Protection Foundation will retain your Personal Data only for as long as you remain a member of the Foundation for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Wild Camel Protection Foundation will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. In certain circumstances, once we have deleted your data, we may need to retain parts of it (for example, your email address), in order to comply with our obligations under GDPR or other legislation, or for fraud detection purposes.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your country where the data protection laws may differ than those within your area.
If you are located outside the United Kingdom and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United Kingdom and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
The Wild Camel Protection Foundation will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Wild Camel Protection Foundation may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by
law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
The Wild Camel Protection Foundation may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary:
• To comply with a legal obligation
• To protect and defend the rights or property of The Wild Camel Protection Foundation.
• To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
• To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
• To protect against legal liability
The legal basis for processing your Information
Under GDPR, the main grounds that we rely upon in order to process your Personal Data are the following:
• Necessary for compliance with a legal obligation – we are subject to certain legal requirements which may require us to process your Personal Data. We may also be obliged by law to disclose your Information to a regulatory body or law enforcement agency;
• Necessary for the purposes of legitimate interests – either we, or a third party, will need to process your Personal Data for the purposes of our (or a third party’s) legitimate interests, provided we have established that those interests are not overridden by your rights and freedoms, including your right to have your Information protected. Our legitimate interests include responding to requests and enquiries from you or a third party, notifying of changes to our Service, optimising our website and user experience, informing you about related and relevant properties and ensuring that our operations are conducted in an appropriate and efficient manner;
• Consent – in some circumstances, we may ask for your consent to process your Personal Data in a particular
way.
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your Rights
The Wild Camel Protection Foundation aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
You can update your Personal Data by contacting us to make the required changes.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us at the Email address set out above..
In certain circumstances, you have the right:
• To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
• To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
• To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you
You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.
To the extent that we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can do this by contacting us at the email address set out above.
You can exercise your rights free of charge.
Most of the above rights are subject to limitations and exceptions. We will provide reasons if we are unable to comply with any request for the exercise of your rights. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by visiting our contact address on our website.
Making a Complaint
If you are unhappy about our use of your Information, you can contact us at the link above. You are also entitled to lodge a complaint with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office using any of the below contact methods:
Telephone: 0303 123 11113 Telephone:
Website: https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Post: Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Please help us in our fight to save the last of the Wild Camels
Donate now or become a member
FooterSearch
Search this website...
Connect with WCPF
FacebookInstagramTwitterVimeo
WCPF is a registered charity (Charity Number 1068706).
English
Deutsch (German)
Español (Spanish)