http://www.cabi.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy policy
You are here:
Home / Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, share and protect your personal information (“Information”). This information shall be used in accordance with the permissions granted by you and in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 2018, and EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and The Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019. We will also seek to comply with other relevant national data protection legislation where appropriate. If we update this policy, we will post any changes on our website. This Privacy Policy is also intended to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Websites. Please take a minute to read and understand it and please note that it should be read in conjunction with our General Terms and Conditions and our Cookie Policy.
CABI does not accept responsibility or liability for the content, tools, or the privacy policies of external websites to which we may link. Please check the terms and conditions and privacy notices of such third parties before using, and providing any information to, third parties, their sites and programs.
Who are we?
CAB International trades as CABI and is recognised in the UK as an International Organisation as defined by the UK International Organizations Act 1968 and formalised by Statutory Instrument 1982 No. 1071. CABI’s main administrative offices are at Nosworthy Way, Wallingford, Oxfordshire, OX10 8DE, UK
SciDev.Net is CABI’s independent news network.
CABI is committed to protecting your privacy and protects your personal data in accordance with applicable laws and our data privacy policies. CABI also maintains the appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal data against unauthorised or unlawful processing as well as protecting against accidental loss, alteration, disclosure or access, or accidental of unlawful destruction of or damage of your personal data.
What is your personal data?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the Data Controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession.
What information is being collected?
You may send us or we may ask you for the following information:
your full nameyour date of birthyour contact information such as your address and postcode, your email address, telephone number, mobile telephone number, fax numberinstitutional affiliationcredit or debit card information, information about your bank account number and sort code or other banking information. general information about yourself such as professional interests, your experience of our services and products or other services and products and your contact preferencesyour contact with us such as a note of a call, an email or letter you send to us or other records of any contact you have with usyour browsing information (which includes information about the Websites, Applications and other CABI Products  and Services you visit, any searches you may undertake, your location or location for search purposes in respect of your use of certain products and services)In the event that you apply for a job with CABI, we will require further professional information about yourself by way of a job application or your Curriculum Vitae
CABI may also collect certain information about your hardware and software, this includes:
your IP addressbrowser typeoperating systemaccess timesreferring website addresses
Who is collecting it?
CABI is the data controller (“Data Controller”) for the purposes of the Act and can be contacted at Nosworthy Way, Wallingford, Oxfordshire, OX10 8DE, UK or at dataprotection@cabi.org.
How is it collected?
We can get your personal information when you:
buy a product or service from us (including buying products online or over the phone)register for a specific product or servicesubscribe to newsletters, alerts or other services from usask us for more information about a product or service, or contact us with a question or a complaintregister for a meeting, conference or other event organised by CABI or an events/conference organiser on CABI’s behalfregister for a training course or other training event run by CABI
take part in a competition, prize draw or surveytake part in user testingvisit or browse our Websites, Applications and other CABI Products
We may also collect information about you from other organisations, if this is appropriate, and from other companies, businesses, or project partners.
How will it be used?
CABI and/or our partners may use your information in the following ways:
to provide products and services that you have requested, including through the use of e-commerceto ensure that the content on our Websites, Applications and other CABI Products is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computerto perform statistical analyses measuring customer interest in various areas of our sitesto develop and improve our products, training, events, conferences, and other servicesfor our internal record-keepingto contact you to answer any queries you may haveto organise and run events, meetings and conferences, including but not limited to registration and other event/conference administration, hospitality, and liaison with venuesto organise and run training courses, including
but not limited to registration and other training administration, hospitality, and liaison with venues to contact you for market research or marketing purposes where you have given us permission to do soto help with marketing, including testimonials for CABI’s Products and servicesas part of our procurement processeswhen applying for grants from donors and funders
If you do not wish to receive information from CABI other than that requested or no longer wish to receive marketing material and communications, please contact us at enquiries@cabi.org.
Who will it be shared with?
We may share information about you with:
partners or agents involved in delivering the products and services you have ordered or used, including partners or agents involved in delivering e-commerce services on CABI’s behalfpartners or agents engaged to perform services for and on behalf of CABIdonors, partners or agents involved with development projects and programmesconference and events organisers and venue owners and providersthird parties purchasing products and services from CABIpension and payroll providersproject partners and donors, and other professional advisersdebt collection agencies or other debt recovery organisationslaw enforcement agencies, regulatory organisations, courts, or other public authorities if we have to, or are authorised to by law
Details of transfers to third country and safeguards
We may need to transfer your information to CABI centres or partners and agents in countries outside the EEA (European Economic Area). This may happen if our partners and agents are based outside the EEA, or if you use our services and products while visiting countries outside this area. We will always seek to transfer such data safely and securely using the appropriate technical and organisational measures as required by the GDPR and other relevant data protection legislation.
Reporting fraud
CABI is committed to ensuring your information is secure. As part of our efforts to protect your information, CABI will never send you emails asking for your personal information or for your registered password (if you are a registered user).
If you do receive such an email or are asked to disclose this information by someone claiming to work for CABI, please report the communication to our Data Protection Officer using the following methods:
send an email to dataprotection@cabi.orgin writing to the Data Controller at our registered address: CABI, Nosworthy Way, Wallingford, OX10 8DE, UK
Your privacy rights
As set out in applicable law (and according to the conditions and circumstances and subject to exceptions), you are entitled to:
Request access to the personal data we process about you: you are entitled to know whether we hold personal data about you and if we do, to obtain information about the data we hold and a copy of that personal data
Request a rectification of your personal data: you are entitled to have your personal data corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete
Object to the processing your personal data: you are entitled to ask CABI to stop processing your personal data
Request the erasure of your personal data: you are entitled to request that CABI erases your personal data, including where such personal data would no longer be necessary to achieve the purposes for which it was originally obtained
Request the restriction of the processing of your personal data: you are entitled to ask that CABI only processes your personal data in limited circumstances, including with your consent
Request portability of your personal data: you are entitled to receive a copy (in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format) of the personal data you have provided to cABI or request CABI to transmit such personal data to another data controller.
If you have any requests relating to the above rights, please contact CABI using the following methods:
send an email to dataprotection@cabi.org
in writing to the Data Controller at our registered address: CABI, Nosworthy Way, Wallingford, OX10 8DE, UK
We will endeavour to correct, update or remove your information as swiftly as possible, however, communications may be sent using the original details until the changes have been processed. Please note that it may be necessary to continue processing your personal data in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject.
You can choose to opt out of all marketing communications or to opt out of specific marketing in one of several ways such as email, SMS, phone or post.If you no longer want to receive marketing messages from us, please contact our marketing department at enquiries@cabi.org and you will be not be contacted again in relation to marketing.
Your decision to provide CABI with any personal data is voluntary, unless it is required by law or CABI’s policies. However, if you choose not to provide certain information, we may not be able to provide you with the products and services you require.
What about data security?
We use technical, organisational, and physical security arrangements for all the personal data we hold and process, including the necessary protocols and relevant policies, procedures and guidelines to maintain such arrangements. These take into account the risks associated with the categories of personal data that we hold and the processing we undertake.
Our retention of your information
We take all reasonable steps to retain your personal information only for as long as reasonably necessary or as required by law and maintain specific policies and procedures on data transfer and retention.
We will retain your data:
as long as we have an ongoing relationship with you (eg, if you have an account with us) while your account is active or for as long as you need us to provide services to you as long as needed in order to comply with our globabl legal and contractual obligations
If you no longer want us to store your information, you may ask for it to be removed from our records. Please note that such removal may prevent us from supplying certain services to you.
What about cookies?
We use cookies to recognise users after they have used our website(s), including registration where necessary, or paid for access to one of our websites. On occasion, we permit third parties to place and read cookies on our customers’ browsers, in order to deliver information of relevance to the user.
Cookies will enable our websites to recognise the information you have consented to give and use it to present you with custom web pages. So, for example, instead of seeing just a generic welcome page, you might see a welcome page with your name on it. Some features on this site will not function if you do not allow cookies.
Click here for a full description of our Cookies policy.
Like most websites we use cookies. This is to ensure that we give you the best experience possible. Continuing to use www.cabi.org means you agree to our use of cookies. If you would like to, you can learn more about the cookies we use
here.Okay, thanks