http://www.sagepub.co.uk/en-gb/eur/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
You are here
×
×
Solr exception: "0" Status: Request failed: Connection refused
×
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
Managing cookies
Personally identifiable information
SAGE cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are bits of data stored by your internet browser about a website. Websites then use this data from the browser each time the website is visited to ‘remember’ certain functions the browser had performed in past visits. The main aim of SAGE’s cookies is to help our customers have a better user experience.
At SAGE we use cookies to help customers who want us to remember them, to stay logged into our sites, so you aren’t always required to remember a password. We also use cookies to remember items that have been added to your basket/cart.
SAGE's cookie policy
To be able to order inspection/review copies or to purchase products from SAGE, you will need to have cookies enabled. If you do not enable cookies, you will still be able to browse our site but will not be able to add anything to your basket/cart or place an order.
We don't store any credit card details in cookies or any information to identify you personally. We do use information gathered from some cookies to help improve your experience. For example, some of the cookies we use ultimately help us identify potential areas of our site that customers may find difficult to interact with or find confusing and in turn either leave the website or drop out of making a transaction. If we are able to identify these areas, it means we are able to improve them for our customers.
This information is being provided to ensure that SAGE is being transparent about our use of cookies, to make it clear how we use the information we collect and to be in compliance with EU legislation.
Third-party cookies
On the SAGE website we allow our users to conveniently be able to share information about products of interest via different platforms such as Twitter and Facebook or even by a simple email. The functionality has been created by the companies themselves and provided to us to display on our site. By using these functions there may be cookies being created or updated on your machine that are not set by SAGE but by these third parties. Because we don’t control the settings of these cookies, please check the third party websites for more information.
SAGE may utilize re-marketing and re-targeting tracking cookies to permit certain third-party companies (such as Google AdWords, Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook) to help us deliver advertisements and special promotions to you across their advertisement networks. These cookies do not include your PII.
For more information on cookies and how to manage them visit www.aboutcookies.org; please note that www.aboutcookies.org is not a SAGE website and SAGE cannot be responsible/accountable for content on third party websites.
Google User ID
We use the Google User ID feature to associate individual user visits/website sessions from different devices with a unique user ID. This data is used in accordance with Google’s policies, and we do not transmit personally identifiable information to Google. We may use the Google User ID feature to stitch together data from unauthenticated sessions and authenticated sessions, and also combine this with data in our contact database. We use this data to understand usage better, and to serve the needs of users through tailored communications. You can opt-out of Google Analytics’ tracking entirely by using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on developed by Google, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. If you opt-out, you may receive marketing or advertising from us that is not as tailored as it otherwise would have been.
Managing cookies
Having cookies enabled will ensure that you get the best user experience when using the SAGE website. Your use of the SAGE website will signify your consent to our use of cookies. If however you would like to restrict, block or delete cookies from SAGE or any other website, you can do this through your browser.
If cookies aren't enabled on your computer, this might prevent the SAGE website from displaying correctly.
To enable cookies
For PCs: click on 'Help' at the top of your browser window and select the 'About' option
For Macs: with the browser window open, click on the Apple and select the 'About' option
How to check if cookies are enabled for PCs
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0, 11.0
Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window or the gear-wheel icon at the top right of your browser window and select 'Internet options' , then click on the 'Privacy' tab
Ensure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browser. Settings above Medium will disable cookies(IE 6.0-10.0)
Select 'Advanced' button and accept first-party cookies and third-party cookies that will enable cookies in your browser. Check 'Always allow sessions cookies'(IE 11.0)
Microsoft Edge
Click on 'More actions' button on the toolbar and select 'Settings'
Find 'View advanced settings' and click on it
Under cookie section, select 'Don't block cookies'
Mozilla Firefox
Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select Options
Then select the Privacy icon
Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set cookies'
Google Chrome
Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select Options
Click the 'Under the Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content settings' button
Now select 'Allow local data to be set'
Safari
Click on the Cog icon at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option
Click on 'Security', check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising cookies'
Click 'Save'
How to check if cookies are enabled for Macs
Safari on OSX
Click on 'Safari' at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option
Click on 'Security' then 'Accept cookies'
Select the 'Only from site you navigate to'
Mozilla on OSX
Click on 'Mozilla' at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option
Scroll down until you see cookies under 'Privacy & Security'
Select 'Enable cookies for the originating web site only'
Opera
Click on 'Menu' at the top of your browser window and select 'Settings'
Then select 'Preferences', select the 'Advanced' tab
Then select 'Accept cookies' option
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX
Click on 'Explorer' at the top of your browser window and select 'Preferences' options
Scroll down until you see 'Cookies' under Receiving Files
Select the 'Never Ask' option
All other browsers
If you have any other browsers please consult your documentation or online help files.
For more information on cookies and how to manage them visit www.aboutcookies.org; please note that www.aboutcookies.org is not a SAGE website and SAGE cannot be responsible/accountable for content on third party websites.
Personally identifiable information
As part of purchasing products from SAGE, requesting services, participating in surveys, or accessing special areas on our Web Site, you may be required to supply us with personally identifiable information (“PII”).
SAGE may use your PII for internal purposes, to process your transaction, or for marketing purposes.
Since some areas on our Web Site are co-branded with or sponsored by a third party, you should be aware that your PII may be shared with such third parties and we encourage you to review their separate privacy policies.
SAGE does not respond to “Do Not Track” signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of PII about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third party web sites or online services. SAGE does not track such online activities
SAGE may provide access to course materials and/or services to educational institutions, associations and other similar customers through its web site or through a third party web site. Information collected on these web sites is only used by SAGE and such customers and third parties as needed in relation to the course materials or services which may include, without limitation, the collection and tracking of certain usage data. Student records which may include PII may be protected by the Family and Educational Rights Privacy Act (FERPA).
You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose your PII (such as your name or email address) in a forum accessible to others (e.g., on blogs, bulletin boards, chat areas and other similar forums including, without limitation, those hosted within a social site), your PII may be collected and disclosed by others. SAGE cannot take responsibility for such collection and disclosure.
We may also disclose PII in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this PII is reasonably necessary to: comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms of business, protect our rights and those of our users, or with your consent.
If you do not wish to have your PII exchanged or disclosed, please see our contact information above.
SAGE may also send you emails about other products, services and offers relevant to your interests and occupation in addition to sending you emails related to your order placed on our website. If you do not want to receive these, you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe links within each email. Please refer to our Privacy Policy or Contact Us for more details
SAGE cookies
Cookie Name
Cookie Purpose
SAGE cookies
SESSexp, SESStk
This primary session cookie is used to hold information about your current session on the SAGE website.
SSESS
This stores your SAGE user session when you’re logged in.
DYN_USER_CONFIRM
This is used to protect your current session, preventing cookie theft/spoofing.
STYXKEY-region
This stores the default region of the site you have selected. For example this helps to ensure you only view the North American (or your selected region) site when moving between pages.
STYXKEY-currency
This stores information about your currency.
STYXKEY-http-referer
This stores information about the URL of a previously visited page.
course-instance
This stores information on course instaqnces created through the Review Copy/Inspection Copy flow.
Third-party cookies
Google **
__utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz, NID, S, PREF, khcookie, NID, SID, IDE, DSID, FLC, AID, TAID, ANID, eschange_uid, _ga, _gid, __gcl, __gads, __gac
We also use Google Analytics to capture and analyse visitor usage of our site as well as track GA client id of visitors.
We also use Google Books on some product pages to allow users to preview Book content.
We also use Google Ads to send relevant advertisements to you.
These cookies allow these three services to work.
Twitter **
guest_id, __qca, auth_token_session, secure_session, twll, k, pid, __utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmv, __utmz, original_referer, twitter_sess, Syndication_guest_id, Eu_cn
These cookies allow you to Tweet about our products from our website and also allow us to send related advertisements to you.
Facebook **
datr, c_user, csm, lu, s, xs, act, p, presence,
ff, oo, ddid, fr, _fbc, _fbp
These cookies allow you to “Like” and share our products with your friends on Facebook. The cookies also allow us to send relevant advertisements to you.
LinkedIn **
L1c, BizoID, BizoData
These cookies help us to deliver advertisements and special promotions to you through LinkedIn.
Sharing Widget  - addthis.com **
uit, ssh, sshs, ssc, uid, uvc, psc
These cookies enable our “sharing” functionality to work across our product pages.
widgetserver.com **
widgetserver.com
This cookie enables our “Social Media at SAGE” carousel on the home page to operate.
Selligent **
sbt_i, sbt_p, sbt_pi, sbt_dnt, sb_<universeGUID>
These cookies help us understand user interaction on our site and help deliver additional information or relevant advertisements to you.
Hotjar **
_hjClosedSurveyInvites, _hjDonePolls, _hjMinimizedPolls, _hjDoneTestersWidgets, _hjMinimizedTestersWidgets, _hjDoneSurveys, _hjIncludedInSample, _hjShownFeedbackMessage
These cookies help us understand user interaction on our site and help display the correct content to you and improve your experience on our website.
Highspot **
viewer2, rack.session2, viewer_authorized_[id]
These cookies help us direct message to customers and share review pages.
** As these are third party cookies we do not have direct control over the cookies used. There maybe additional cookies used to allow these services to work, which are not outlined here. The third party websites will be able to provide more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
×
Close
×
Close