http://www.ametsoc.org/index.cfm/ams/privacy-policy-and-disclaimer/
Use Appreciated Assets
Giving Stories
AMS Giving Program
Our Publications
Journals Online
Glossary of Meteorology
Special Collections
AMS Bookstore
Publishing with AMS
Attend a Meeting
Participate
Education
Careers
Stay Informed
Get Involved
Take Action
Join a Community
Give to AMS
Sponsor AMS Events
Resources from AMS
Find an Expert
Explore AMS
Search
Search
Donate
Your Account
Hi, {{ memberDetails.firstName }}!
My Account
AMS Community
AMS Code of Conduct
New! Random Glossary Term
Log out
Log out
Search
Home
Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
The American Meteorological Society (AMS) respects the privacy of members, users of its services, and visitors to its various websites. AMS operates according to the following policies.
Personal Information
Some personal information including addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, and other demographic information is collected for membership, subscriptions and publications, meeting registrations, submission of articles, and other similar transactions. AMS has put into place reasonable technical, physical, and administrative safeguards to protect personal data collected by AMS. AMS may make internal use of your contact information to inform you of situations or services that may interest you.
The AMS online Membership Directory is a service restricted to use by members. It contains basic contact information and membership data. E-mail addresses are not released to outside organizations, except when a vendor performs a service for AMS under its supervision. Member postal mailing lists are sold on a carefully screened basis, and only when the mailed material is thought to be of significant interest or benefit.
Personal data may be retained by AMS for so long as necessary or useful to pursue the legitimate interest of AMS. Individuals generally have the right to access their own personal data and to request that AMS correct any errors or incompleteness in their own personal data. There is also a limited right to request deletion of personal data. Such requests can be made by contacting the Membership Department at amsmembership@ametsoc.org.
AMS members may change and update their addresses, e-mail address, suppress use of their contact information in the Membership Directory, decline to receive AMS-generated e-mail messages, or request to be excluded from externally sold mailing lists by visiting   "AMS Member Service Center" or by contacting the Membership Department at amsmembership@ametsoc.org.
When you submit credit card transaction information to our site online, we use a secure server with commercial encryption software.
Individuals should be aware that some AMS-related activities are conducted through nonAMS servers (such as submitting a manuscript for publication or an abstract for a conference). Those sites have their own privacy policies to protect personal information of users.
Author or referee information is never sold, and is only used for purposes related to AMS, its journals, and/or manuscripts which have been submitted to them.
Cookies
A “cookie” is a file a Web site places in your computer for future reference. AMS uses cookies to improve some of its services, such as membership renewal online. Information supplied through an AMS cookie is used only by AMS and is not shared with others.
Server Logs
As you travel through the AMS website, our servers log information about your session. Information logged includes items such as your IP address, what browser you are using, the time and date you visited, how long your session lasted, and what pages you visited. We use this information from our server logs primarily to learn about our visitors as a group. It helps us to improve services on the site and plan for future needs so that we can assure continuity of service. Systematic (“robotic”) downloads of journal material are not permitted, and an individual log may be examined and/or access terminated when this activity is observed. Or, we may check an individual log for editorial purposes or when an individual has reported trouble accessing an AMS system.
Future Changes
AMS reserves the right to change this policy in any manner at any time without prior notice. If we make material changes to our privacy policy, these changes will be posted on this page.
Disclaimer
AMS encourages you to exercise discretion while browsing the Internet. The AMS website provides links to other websites which are not controlled by AMS. A link from the AMS website is not an AMS endorsement for any company or organization. AMS is not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained on any other website. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each website that collects personally identifiable information.
We take measures to protect our website but there is no guaranty that the AMS website will be free of infection by viruses or any other contaminating or destructive properties. The user accepts sole responsibility and risk associated with the use and results of AMS website materials, irrespective of the purpose to which such use or results are applied.