http://www.mountaingorillas.org/privacy/
Privacy | International Gorilla Conservation Programme (IGCP)
International Gorilla Conservation Programme
Support us
About
Gorillas
Support
Blog
Library
Contact
Find us on facebook
Follow us on twitter
Subscribe to our newsletter
Subscribe to our RSS feed
Privacy
Privacy
igcp.org is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you.
We strictly adhere to the requirements of the data protection legislation in the UK. The purpose of this statement is to explain to you what personal information we collect and how we may use it.
We will only contact you with your consent.
We do not sell, rent or exchange your personal information with any third party for commercial reasons.
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access in accordance with the UK data protection legislation.
We do not collect sensitive information about you except when you specifically knowingly provide it.
In order to maintain the accuracy of our database, you can check, update or remove your personal details by contacting info@igcp.org
We use a technology called “cookies” as part of a normal business procedure to track patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. A cookie is an element of data that our Website sends to your browser which is then stored on your system.
You can set your browser to prevent this happening. Any information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you change your browser settings.
If you have any questions about privacy please contact us
The work of IGCP is to facilitate collaborative actions for conservation of mountain gorillas and their habitat.
Anna Behm Masozera – IGCP Director
Tweets
Tweets by @IGCP
Legal bits2015 IGCP. Photography & copy: Jose Kalpers, Maryke Gray, Anna Behm Masozera, Annette Lanjouw, Jamie Kemsey , Juan Pablo Moreiras, IGCP & FFI & WWF. All rights reserved.
Useful links
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Public relations