https://www.colchester-zoo.com/terms-conditions/
Book Tickets
Discover
View All
Bringing The Zoo To You
Colchester Zoo App
Audio Encounters
Our Animals
Play Areas
Lost Madagascar Train
Face Painting Station
Interactive Area
Dining
The Outpost
Plan Your Visit
View All
Book Tickets
Information & FAQs
Opening Times
Zoo Map
Zoo Passes
Encounters
Accessibility
Where to Stay
Getting Here
Schools & Groups
What’s On
View All
News
Events
Experiences
View All
Exclusive Elephant or Giraffe Feeding
Keeper for the Day
Keeper Shadowing
Birthday Parties
Kids Zoo Academy
Team Building
Perfect Moments
EXTRA-Ordinary Experience
Hen Parties
Experience Gift Vouchers
Our Mission
View All
Support Us
Animal Adoptions
Conservation at The Zoo
Action For The Wild
UmPhafa Reserve
Corporate Opportunities
Research
Enclosure Design
Environmental Enrichment
About
Support Us
Gift Vouchers
Adoption
Careers
Education
Press & Media
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Quick Links
Info & FAQs
Safe Visits
Online Shop
Support Us
1. Use of www.colchesterzoo.org
The Site is provided to you free of charge for your personal use subject to these Terms and Conditions. By using the Site you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DO NOT AFFECT YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS.
2. Registration
To register with www.colchesterzoo.org you must be over eighteen years of age or have the permission of the adult whose computer gives you access to the site. You must ensure that the details provided by you on registration or at any time are correct and complete.
You must inform us immediately of any changes to the information that you provided when registering by updating your personal details.
3. Password and security
When you register to use the Site you will be given a password. You should keep this password confidential and not disclose it or share it with anyone. You will be responsible for all activities and orders that occur or are submitted under your password. If you know or suspect that someone else knows your password you should notify us by contacting Guest Services (see below for contact details) immediately.
If Colchester Zoo has reason to believe that there is likely to be a breach of security or misuse of the Site, we may require you to change your password
4. Excluded Services
The services provided by the Colchester Zoo Site do not include the provision of computer or other necessary equipment to access the Site. To use the site you will require Internet connectivity and appropriate telecommunication links. We shall not be liable for any telephone or other costs that you may incur.
5. Intellectual property
The content of www.colchesterzoo.org website is protected by copyright, trade marks, database and other intellectual property rights. You may retrieve and display the content of the Colchester Zoo Site on a computer screen, store such content in electronic form on disk (but not any server or other storage device connected to a network) or print one copy of such content for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all and any copyright and proprietary notices. You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy or distribute or use for commercial purposes any of the materials or content on the Colchester Zoo Site without written permission from Colchester Zoo.
No licence is granted to you in these Terms and Conditions to use any trade mark of Colchester Zoo, without limitation.
6. Limitations
You may not use the Colchester Zoo Site for any of the following purposes:
disseminating any unlawful, harassing, libellous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, or otherwise objectionable materialtransmitting material that encourages conduct that constitutes a criminal offence, results in civil liability or otherwise breaches any relevant laws, regulations or code of practicegaining unauthorised access to other computer systemsinterfering with any other person’s use or enjoyment of the Colchester Zoo Sitebreaching any laws concerning the use of public telecommunications networksinterfering or disrupting networks or web sites connected to the Colchester Zoo Sitemaking, transmitting or storing electronic copies of materials protected by copyright without the permission of the owner
You will indemnify us against all losses, liabilities, costs and expenses reasonably suffered or incurred by us, all damages awarded against us under any judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction and all settlements sums paid by us as a result of any settlement agreed by us arising out or in connection with:
any claim by any third party that the use of the Colchester Zoo Site by you is defamatory, offensive or abusive, or of an obscene or pornographic nature, or is illegal or constitutes a breach of any applicable law, regulation or code of practice;any claim by any third party that the use of the Colchester Zoo Site by you infringes that third party’s copyright or other intellectual property rights of whatever nature; andany fines or penalties imposed by any regulatory, advertising or trading body or authority in connection with the use of the Colchester Zoo site by you.
7. Availability of the Colchester Zoo Site
Although Colchester Zoo aims to offer you the best service possible, we can make no promise that the services at the Colchester Zoo Site will meet your requirements. Colchester Zoo cannot guarantee that the service will be fault free. If a fault occurs in the service you should report it to the Guest Services (see below for contact details) or by email at enquiries@colchesterzoo.org and we will attempt to correct the fault as soon as we reasonably can.
Your access to the Colchester Zoo Site may be occasionally restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new facilities or services. Colchester Zoo will attempt to restore the service as soon as it reasonably can.
8. Colchester Zoo’s right to suspend or cancel your registration
Colchester Zoo may suspend or cancel your registration immediately at our reasonable discretion or if you breach any of your obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
You can cancel this agreement at any time by informing us in writing. If you do so, you must stop using the Colchester Zoo Site.
The suspension or cancellation of your registration and your right to use the Colchester Zoo Site shall not affect either party’s rights or liabilities.
9. Colchester Zoo’s liability
The Colchester Zoo Site is provided by Colchester Zoo without any warranties or guarantees. You must bear the risks associated with the use of the Internet.
The Colchester Zoo Site provides content from other Internet sites or resources and while Colchester Zoo tries to ensure that material included on the Colchester Zoo Site is correct, reputable and of high quality, it cannot accept responsibility if this is not the case. Colchester Zoo will not be responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information or for any technical problems you may experience with the Colchester Zoo Site. If Colchester Zoo is informed of any inaccuracies in the material on the Site we will attempt to correct the inaccuracies as soon as we reasonably can.In particular, we disclaim all liabilities in connection with the following:
incompatibility of the Colchester Zoo Site with any of your equipment, software or telecommunications linkstechnical problems including errors or interruptions of the Colchester Zoo Siteunsuitability, unreliability or inaccuracy of the Colchester Zoo Siteinadequacy of the Colchester Zoo site to meet your requirements
To the full extent allowed by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable to you/or any third party for any consequential or incidental damages (including but not limited to loss of revenue, loss of profits, loss of anticipated savings, wasted expenditure, loss of privacy and loss of data) or any other indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever that arise out of or are related to the Colchester Zoo Site.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude Colchester Zoo’s liability for personal injury or death caused by its negligence.
Our acceptance of an order takes place on despatch of the order, at which point the purchase contract will be made and you will be charged for your order.
10. Applicable Law
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and any disputes will be decided only by the English courts.
The Colchester Zoo Web Site is owned and operated by Colchester Zoo Limited a company registered in England and Wales whose registered office is at Colchester Zoo, Maldon Road, Stanway, Colchester, Essex, CO3 0SL. Telephone 01206 331292.
If you have any queries please contact enquiries@colchesterzoo.org
Newsletter Signup
Sign up to our newsletter for all the latest deals, news and more!
Subscribe To Our Newsletter
Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience and analyse our website traffic. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website however you can opt-out if you wish. You can change your mind about your consent choices at any time by returning to this site. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.