http://www.surveyingstuff.com/terms-conditions
Menu
Home
Contact Us
Blog
About us
Your Account
Your Wishlist
Home
Contact Us
Blog
About us
Your Account
Your Wishlist
£0.00
Checkout
Search
Go
Choose Category
Lasers
Pipe Lasers
Laser Levels
Grade Lasers
Interior Lasers
Machine Control
Laser Receivers
Laser Accessories
Line Lasers
Upgradeable Lasers
Levels
Optical Levels
Digital Levels
Level Accessories
Locators
Cable Locators
Ground Penetrating Radar
Precision locators
Surveying and Engineering
Manual Total Stations
Robotic Total Stations
GPS / GNSS
GIS Data Collection
Theodolites
Surveying Accessories
HDS Laser Scanners
Construction
Leica Builder Total Stations
Leica iCON
Safety
Gas Detectors
Breathing Equipment
Fall Arrest
Inspection
Moisture Meters
Metal Detection
Visual Inspection
Gas Analysers
Measuring
Laser Measurers
Temperature, Humidity & Moisture
Tapes, Rules, Laths & Rods
Environmental Monitoring
Angle & Inclination
Measuring Wheels
Used
Customer Menu
About Us
FAQs
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Delivery Information
Refunds & Returns
Terms & Conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF BUSINESS1. Definitions In these terms and conditions the following definitions are used. “ We”, “Us”, “the Company” means Lord Technical Ltd or its online trading name surveyingstuff.com. “ Contract” means any contract between the company and the customer for the sale, purchase or hire of goods. ” You”, “Purchaser”, “Customer” means the person(s) or company whose order for the goods is accepted by the company. “ Goods”, “Products” means any goods or services which the company is to supply to the customer. “ Trade Counter” means the trade counter at the company’s head office.2. Overview and Interpretation The following terms and conditions cover all sales by Lord Technical Ltd and its online trading name surveyingstuff.com, a company operating in the United Kingdom. The head office of Lord Technical Ltd (Company Registration No. 2007401, VAT Registration No. 436 271 260) and of surveyingstuff.com is at Deptford Road, Gateshead, Tyne & Wear, NE8 3AZ. These terms and conditions exclude all hire agreements and payments by pre-arranged credit account, both of which are covered by separate agreements.3. Contract All contracts between us, the company, and you, the purchaser, are subject to the laws of England. Any order placed with the company, via the web site, or by email, telephone, post, or fax or in person, together with these terms and conditions, represents the only agreement between us and constitutes a legally binding contract. If you are buying as a consumer these terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights. You will receive confirmation or receipt of your order by email and goods will be dispatched when full payment has been received.4. Price All prices quoted on our web site are displayed in pounds sterling (£), exclusive of VAT and relevant delivery charges. We reserve the right to amend prices at any time in accordance with market conditions and purchasers should note that prices are only valid at point of purchase, unless you have been supplied with a formal quote, which remains valid for 30 days. Purchasers should visit the web site or contact us directly for up to date pricing information. Prices displayed on the surveyingstuff.com web site are only valid on orders placed online. They are not available when making a purchase in person or by telephone.5. Payment Goods will only be dispatched once payment has been received in full. This will include the full selling price for the goods, plus any additional charges as stated at the point of purchase. Any exceptions to this will be at the discretion of the company. Cheques are accepted on a pro-forma basis and goods will be despatched once funds have been cleared. Cheques should be made payable to Lord Technical Ltd.6. Delivery Orders for goods which are shown on the web site with 'next day' delivery and that are received before 3.30pm Monday to Friday will be dispatched the same day, subject to the goods being in stock. The company may use any method of delivery available to it. The company will endeavour to meet delivery targets, but can accept no liability of any kind for late delivery or non-delivery. Royal Mail First Class Post may be used for some deliveries of smaller or lower value items, and although over 90% of first class deliveries arrive next day, where Royal Mail is used we can not guarantee next day receipt. All delivery prices and lead times quoted on the web site are for mainland UK only when delivered between 9.00am and 5.30pm Monday to Friday. Extra charges will apply for Saturday deliveries or other premium services. Orders which include several products with varying lead times will be dispatched when all parts of the order are in stock unless otherwise arranged.Delivery is free on all orders of £150 (ex VAT) or more in mainland UK during business hours. Delivery charges and free delivery offers apply to mainland UK only. Excluded areas include the Highlands and Islands of Scotland, Northern Ireland, Isles of Scilly, Isle of Man and the Channel Islands. For deliveries to these destinations, and to other European destinations including the Republic of Ireland, please contact us for a quotation. For orders below £150 (ex VAT) delivery is charged at £4.95 (ex VAT).7. Availability The company will endeavour to state as accurately as possible the availability of goods on its web site and to meet the estimated delivery times wherever possible. However, circumstances beyond the company’s control may occasionally prevent delivery targets from being fulfilled. On such occasions we will meet all orders as quickly as is reasonably possible to do so. When a product has a long-term manufacturer’s delay, or is removed from sale, the company will offer an equivalent product where possible.8. Force majeure The company shall not be liable in any way for failure to perform any of its obligations if the failure was due to any circumstances beyond the company’s control (which includes, but is not restricted to, government actions, acts of God, war, fire, flood, explosion, import or export restrictions, embargoes, resource shortages, industrial action and other labour disputes).9. Returns policy Except in respect of goods purchased by an individual consumer, or goods that are faulty or damaged, incorrect in quantity or description or non-delivered, all returns are entirely at the discretion of the company and subject to a 30% restocking charge. For the policy on returning faulty or other unacceptable goods please consult Section 10.For any other returns the purchaser must obtain a returns authorisation number. If cancellation is accepted goods must be returned within seven days of delivery, unused and in their original packaging and must be complete, undamaged and in such a condition that enables immediate resale. Company policy is to provide a replacement product within a reasonable timescale or a credit note for the value of the returned goods. Should the goods arrive in a condition that prevents their immediate resale, they will be liable to a restocking charge of 30%. Additionally all returns outside this seven-day period will be subject to the standard 30% restocking charge. No credit shall be allowed for goods until they have been received complete. Purchasers are responsible for returning the goods to us, at their own expense and liability and for providing acceptable proof of delivery.10. Inspection, damage and non-delivery The purchaser must inspect the goods as soon as is reasonably practicable after delivery and we shall not be liable for any defect in the goods unless the purchaser notifies us in writing within seven days of delivery. In addition, no liability for any claim for damage or non-functionality, missing items or accessories, or the order differing in quantity or description from the delivery note, shall be accepted unless the purchaser notifies the company, in writing, within seven days of delivery. The onus is on the purchaser to prove any non-functionality, loss or shortage. In this instance, company liability is limited to replacement of goods within a reasonable time or a refund of monies in respect of goods at our own discretion. Any goods returned as faulty that are found to have no fault will be subject to a 30% restocking charge. Purchasers are responsible for returning the goods to us, at their own expense and liability and for providing acceptable proof of delivery.Defects arising from improper use, unauthorised repairs, incorrect storage or handling will not be accepted as grounds for refund or return.11. Guarantee The company will endeavour to pass on to the customer the benefit of any warranty given by the manufacturer of any product. However, not all goods are supplied with a manufacturer’s warranty, and such warranties will vary in duration and terms. The onus is on the purchaser to check the terms under which an individual product is covered by warranty or guarantee. The purchaser is responsible for all carriage and other additional charges incurred when returning the goods to the company under any warranty arrangement.12. Liability and consequential loss The company shall not be held liable in respect of any loss or damage whether suffered by the purchaser or any customer of the purchaser and whether direct, indirect, consequential, or however else arising. In addition the company cannot be held liable for any loss or damage from defects arising after the goods have been accepted and checked by the purchaser, nor can the company be held liable for incidences of misuse, incorrect storage or improper handling.Any dates specified for the availability of the goods are approximate only and the company shall not be liable for any losses, costs, damages, charges or expenses caused by any delay in delivery of the goods.13. Calibration The purchaser is responsible for any outward and return carriage costs involved in returning the product for service, calibration or repair. Any calibrated instrument is deemed to be correctly calibrated when it is dispatched from the company’s service department, but cannot subsequently be guaranteed.14. Online purchasing Online purchases are only available to persons in the UK. Overseas orders may be arranged at the discretion of the company. For overseas enquiries, please contact the company directly.All images, descriptions and technical specifications are given in good faith and the company will take all reasonable steps to ensure their accuracy, but the company does not guarantee this and can accept no liability for any loss arising from errors in description. All descriptions given are for guidance and do not form part of a contract. Products may vary from images shown. The responsibility for ensuring that any product is sufficient and suitable for a particular purpose is the responsibility of the purchaser. Any advice or recommendation given by an employee of the company is acted on entirely at the purchaser’s risk and no liability for such advice will be accepted by the company or its employees.For purchasers buying products as a ‘consumer’ (see The Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000), goods may be returned within seven working days for a full refund. To cancel an order and receive a refund the purchaser must first inform the Returns Department and be issued with a returns authorisation number together with instructions for return. The purchaser is liable for the return postage costs and goods must be returned in their original packaging and in a condition that enables immediate resale.The company reserves the right to decline to trade with any company or person.15. Link & Save products Where a 'Link & Save’ product is offered, the saving quoted is the difference in price compared to buying the individual products separately at their current selling price. Where a product is included in the ‘Link & Save’ but is not listed individually, the saving quoted will be against the R.R.P. of that product. The ‘Link & Save’ special purchase price is only available when you purchase using the ‘Add to basket’ link from the ‘Link & Save’ entry in the online store and not when you purchase through the links in the individual listings of the included products. The saving will not be applied if the products included in the ‘Link & Save’ are individually added to the basket, even if they are paid for together.16. Privacy statement All customer details held on our database are for the use of the company only. We do not sell or share our customer information with any other business. We will only use customer information to send marketing items we consider to be of interest to the customer. Email addresses will only be used for marketing purposes with the consent of the customer. Entry into the marketing database must be requested in writing, by email, or by subscribing via the web site or at point of purchase. You can be removed from the marketing database at any time. Upon your written or emailed request, we will delete all personal marketing data held on our database. To view the full privacy statement, click here.17. Collection of goods Goods may be collected from the trade counter. Unless otherwise arranged, goods must be collected within three working days of the order, or a discretionary restocking charge of up to 30% may be charged. Proof of identity will be required for collection of goods.
This website is Copyright © 2017. All Rights Reserved.