http://www.cabi.org/terms-and-conditions
Skip to content
Terms and conditions
You are here:
Home / Terms and conditions
Copyright
Copyright is an intellectual property right that gives copyright holders exclusive rights over how others use their work. This includes making it available to the public by copying, distribution, adaptation and putting work on the internet. It is an infringement for anyone else to do so without the copyright owner's permission. Copyright is time limited (in the UK and US it is life of the author plus 70 years), and is legally protected in most countries, though the level of legal protection varies.
Unless otherwise stated, CABI or CAB International is the copyright holder for all its content and products, including, but not limited to, the databases, internet resources, compendia, and books.
By submitting journals and books for inclusion in CABI’s databases and related products, you accept that CABI holds the copyright for the abstract records it produces as a result of abstracting your material.
Book authors grant CABI the exclusive right for the legal period of copyright to produce and publish the work and book editors assign copyright and all other intellectual property rights to CABI. Authors and editors who are subject to Crown Copyright or work for a US government department or agency give CABI a licence or grant limited copyright terms for the publication of their contributions. For more information, please see the author guidance or contact the books editorial team.
CABI takes copyright very seriously and will take action, if necessary, to protect and defend its authors’ work and their reputation by getting infringing material taken down. CABI also takes allegations of plagiarism, ethic disputes and fraud very seriously. If an author becomes aware of a possible infringement or plagiarism, they should contact their CABI publishing contact in the first instance.
CABI also takes seriously the need to ensure that any material we publish does not infringe the copyright of others and that all necessary permissions have been granted for use of third party material in CABI products and services.
Permissions
Material published by CABI is subject to all applicable copyright, database protection, and other rights so you will need to seek permission if you wish to re-use any of this material, whether it is in any printed or electronic publication, or for other uses. Such material will include, but is not limited to, text, illustrations, tables, charts, photographs or other material, and, depending upon the circumstances, may be re-used for commercial or non-commercial purposes. Whatever the purpose, you must properly acknowledge and reference CABI as the original source of the material thus: Author(s)/Editors(s); Year of publication; Title; Publisher (CAB International, Wallingford, UK).
Permissions Enquiries
Requests to reuse content from CABI are now being processed through PLSclear. Please visit www.plsclear.com to complete your request.
If you are unable to fulfil your permissions request through this service, please email permissions@cabi.org giving clear information about what CABI content you would like to request, including, where applicable, figure or table number, page number, chapter, book title, authors/editors, year of publication, datasheet or factsheet title, number and URL, distribution map title, number and URL. Please state how you would like to reuse the content, including attaching copies of proposed modified content and publication details such as publisher, type of publication, name of publication, estimated date of publication and circulation, languages and territories. While CABI undertakes to process permissions requests in a timely manner, failure to provide all the relevant information could result in lengthy delays in processing such requests.
CABI is a signatory to the STM Permissions Guidelines, which enables permission to be granted by one STM signatory publisher to another for the re-use of limited amounts of material from published works in other publications. Further information on the guidelines, including details of excluded content, and an up-to-date list of the STM signatory publishers can be found here. Please note that co-signatories of the Guidelines still need to clear permissions with CABI.
Buying rights
CABI is willing to sell certain rights for its books, particularly for translations. CABI is also willing to consider translations of abridged versions of our books. If you wish to purchase rights, including translations for any of CABI’s books, please visit our page on IPR License where you will be guided through the purchase process.
Privacy
CABI is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office for the purpose of collecting and storing personal information about its customers and subscribers. CABI does not, under any circumstances, sell, trade or rent personal details to any other third party. For more information about CABI’s undertakings on privacy, please read our Privacy Policy. For information about the use of cookies on CABI’s websites, please read our Cookie Policy.
CABI uses commercially reasonable, industry-standard measures to protect the security of its websites and services. Despite these measures, CABI cannot guarantee that unauthorised persons will not be able to defeat its security measures. Your access to some of our websites and services and content may be password-protected. To maintain the security of information contained in the websites and services, including personal information, you must keep your username(s) and password(s) strictly confidential and not disclose them to anyone. You will be solely responsible for any action, activities, and access to CABI’s websites and services that are taken using your username and password and that occurred before you notified us of their loss. If you become aware of any security breach of your password or of the security of CABI’s websites or services, you must contact CABI as soon as possible at dataprotection@cabi.org.
Disclaimer and Liability
Although CABI has taken reasonable care to ensure that the information, data and other material made available online and in its other products and services is error-free and up to date, it accepts no responsibility for corruption to the information, data and other material thereafter, including but not limited to any defects caused by the transmission or processing of the information, data and other material. The information made available online, including any expression of opinion and any projection or forecast, has been obtained from or is based upon sources believed by CABI to be reliable but is not guaranteed as to accuracy or completeness. The information is supplied without obligation and on the understanding that any person who acts upon it or otherwise changes his/her position in reliance thereon does so entirely at his/her own risk. Information supplied is neither intended nor implied to be a substitute for professional or medical advice. CABI provides the content on this website and in its products and services “as is”.
The presentation of material in CABI products and sites does not imply the expression of any opinion whatsoever on the part of CABI concerning the legal status of any country, area or territory or of its authorities, or concerning the delimitation of its borders. The depiction and use of boundaries, geographic names and related data shown on maps and included in lists, tables and datasheets on this website are not warranted to be error free nor do they necessarily imply official endorsement or acceptance by the CABI. The term “country” as used in the presentation of maps, lists, tables and texts also refers, as appropriate, to territories or areas.
The information on bioprotection products contained in CABI products and sites/portals is for informational purposes only. Whilst every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of the information CABI cannot be held responsible for any omission of data or any error in product or company details shown. Furthermore, CABI cannot be held responsible for the ineffectiveness or any accident that may result from the use of a cited product.
Advertising disclaimer
Any advertising that may appear on any CABI online product is entirely independent of any relationship between CABI and other publishers or external suppliers, and does not imply in any way an endorsement of the advertiser's products or services by CABI.
Use of CABI sites and portals
Users of any CABI sites or portals must do so with respect for other users as well as for CABI and may not distribute other people’s personal details without their consent. Appropriate credit should also be given to people for the use of their information or data elsewhere and this should be correctly cited.
Users acknowledge that their unauthorised use or misuse of any CABI-owned or hosted websites, portals and services could cause CABI irreparable harm. Any unauthorised use of any of these websites, portals and services or other breach of these T&Cs shall automatically terminate any licence or permission granted to you by CABI. In addition, CABI reserves the right, but is not obligated to, investigate any potential violations of its T&Cs and/or any behaviour that is potentially unlawful, and such investigations may involve cooperation with law enforcement authorities.
Users may not use CABI’s websites or services in a way that harms CABI or other users. Users may not use CABI, its logo or any other marks in any way to suggest an affiliation with or endorsement by CABI of any individual, organisation, product, service, or research.
Licensing
Access to all of CABI's online products and services is provided on the understanding that end-users have read and are willing to abide by a set of Licensing Terms and Conditions, which cover a broad set of conditions of purchase. These Licensing Terms and Conditions are designed to make it clear to users of our products what they may and may not do with the content provided to them as part of their subscription (general permitted and prohibited use of CABI’s online products are shown below). Our aim has been to make the Licensing Terms and Conditions unambiguous and fair to all parties, and have mostly adopted the standard Licence Agreements recommended by recognised bodies within our industry, but if further explanation is required, please email enquiries@cabi.org with your question.
Individual Licence Agreements will be agreed by negotiation and completed with details of individual subscriptions and access rights. Only one Licence Agreement is required per site; details of all subscribed products should be entered into Schedule 1 of the Agreement. Please email enquiries@cabi.org for a copy of the relevant standard licence for the product you would like to purchase.
We recognise that it can often be difficult to determine if your organisation requires a single-site licence or a multi-site one, particularly since different publishers have different policies in this regard. The decision is usually dependent on the publisher’s definition of a “site” and on whether or not a surcharge is levied for multi-site access.
We also recognise that it is hard to generalise when dealing in a global market, and that site licences will nearly always require some individual negotiation. However, to try to make our policy as clear as possible, we have produced a definition of a “typical” single site, which we hope will help you decide what sort of licence you require. If this definition does not match your organisation, please contact enquiries@cabi.org for further information.
What is the definition of a site? A “typical” single site will have a single billing address for all subscription purchases. It may consist of several physical buildings, but they would typically be found on a single campus or within a radius of 5-10 miles from the main administrative building. A site may consist of many different departments or units, but they would all be recognised as belonging to the same parent establishment or institution. Staff working at the different locations would be recognised as reporting through a single management structure, ultimately to a single common point or person.
Selected content is subject to Creative Commons licensing.
Compendia
Text in the Invasive Species Compendium is published under a CC-BY-NC-SA 4.0 licence.
Pest Risk Analysis output reports from the Crop Protection Compendium are published under a CC-BY licence, where users have given explicit permission to share them.
Plantwise Knowledge Bank
Technical factsheets are published under a CC-BY-NC-SA 4.0 licence.
Pest Management Decision Guides and Plantwise Factsheets for Farmers are published under a CC-BY-SA 4.0 licence.
Compendia and the Plantwise Knowledge Bank
Distribution data downloads from all Compendia and the Plantwise Knowledge Bank, and Horizon Scanning Tool CSV downloads, are published under a CC-BY-NC-SA 4.0 licence.
Permitted use
Authorised users may make unlimited online use of the licensed content, including searching, displaying and viewing on screen, and may download, print or email retrieved content for the purposes of research, teaching or private study and not for commercial use (Prohibited use).
Prohibited use
Systematic downloading and/or archiving, including the copying of more than two copies of a CABI article or abstract is prohibited other than for classroom or instructional use. Users wishing to reuse articles or abstracts for purposes other than classroom or instructional use should contact CABI to obtain written permission. Individual articles or abstracts may not be used for the purposes of monetary reward by means of sale, resale, loan, transfer, hire or other form of exploitation of the licenced materials, and may not be systematically supplied or distributed onward from the site of the user.
Plantwise Knowledge Bank - Data accuracy
View this page in Spanish Términos y condiciones or French: Conditions générales
Although the greatest care is undertaken in the preparation of content, users of the Plantwise Knowledge Bank accept that inconsistencies or inaccuracies of data may be noted. Wherever possible we link to the original source or reference of a plotted pest incidence, and users are required to use their judgement on the validity of that source. We are constantly developing our import mechanisms and display mechanisms to improve on accuracy, and value any feedback you can give. Access to this material is subject to CABI's Terms & Conditions.
Please contact plantwise@cabi.org to send us your feedback. For example:
If you believe a plotted pest point in a country is inaccurate
If you believe there has been a verified instance of a pest in a region, and it is not currently plotted on Plantwise
If you have any other feedback on the Plantwise Knowledge Bank
Fall Armyworm Research Collaboration Portal
Use of this portal and its content is governed by a CC BY 4.0 licence and you should read the licence terms at https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ to ensure that you understand and comply with the licence. Under the terms of this licence, users may use the content contained in the portal but must attribute the originators of the information and data and the site. Users who deposit content in the portal still own that content but agree to its use, both in the portal and elsewhere, under the terms of the CC BY 4.0 licence.
Users may not violate any national and international rules and regulations governing the export and re-export of commodities or technical data. Users may not upload or transmit any data, content, or material that infringes or misappropriates any person's copyright, patent, trademark, or trade secret, or disclose via the portal any information the disclosure of which would constitute a violation of any confidentiality obligation on their part. Users may not upload any viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other forms of harmful computer code, nor subject CABI’s networks or servers to unreasonable traffic loads, or otherwise engage in conduct deemed disruptive to the ordinary operation of CABI’s websites and services. Users are strictly prohibited from communicating on or through this portal any unlawful, harmful, offensive, threatening, abusive, libellous, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, profane, hateful, fraudulent, sexually explicit, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any sort, including, but not limited to, any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable national or international law. Users are further prohibited from harvesting addresses, email addresses, or other personal data for commercial purposes and from sending unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional materials, or other unsolicited communications to other users of this portal or any of CABI’s websites or services. Users may not deposit, edit, modify, or otherwise use any data in a manner that makes it false, incomplete or misleading, except to anonymise or protect identifying information as required by ethical or legal prescriptions for sharing data. Users may not manipulate identifiers to disguise the origin of any data.
Like most websites we use cookies. This is to ensure that we give you the best experience possible. Continuing to use www.cabi.org means you agree to our use of cookies. If you would like to, you can learn more about the cookies we use
here.Okay, thanks