http://www.seaturtle.org/privacy.shtml
MTN
ISTS
Directory
Groups
Bookstore
Resources
Sign In
Currently Online
Users:
Guest:
Where are they?
Recent Favorites
Privacy Policy
Information Collection and Use
SEATURTLE.ORG is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information in ways other than as disclosed in this statement.
SEATURTLE.ORG collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We partner with other organizations to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
For example, symposium registration information is provided to the organizers of the Sea Turtle Symposium and subscription information is provided to the Marine Turtle Newsletter editors and subscription manager.
This information is NOT provided to any other parties.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we [SEATURTLE.ORG] are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Newsletters
If a user wishes to subscribe to one of the newsletters hosted by SEATURTLE.ORG (Marine Turtle Newsletter/Noticiero de Tortugas Marinas), we ask for contact information such as name and email address.
Users may optionally provide additional contact information in case we need to contact them regarding subscription problems or changes in the future.
Surveys & Petitions
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or petitions.
Participation in these surveys or petitions is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
IP addresses are collected to prevent multiple votes by a single user.
Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Petition information will be used to support sea turtle conservation and protection.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information.
When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
SEATURTLE.ORG does not currently collect sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), but if we provide online commerce services in the future, that information will be encrypted and protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL.
While on a secure page, such as an order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'.
To learn more about SSL, follow this link.
We do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line.
All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted to SEATURTLE.ORG staff members only.
Only staff members who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Furthermore, ALL staff members are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure server environment.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to security@seaturtle.org.
Services
For some services new members will receive a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Site and Service
Updates
We may send users site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
Correction/Updating Personal Information: If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us.
This can usually be done from the sign-up page for a particular service or by emailing support@seaturtle.org.
Choice/Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletters or other materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by unsubscribing to that particular service.
User information is NEVER collected by any outside parties.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email.
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
About seaturtle.org
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Copyright © seaturtle.org All rights reserved.
If you have questions or comments about seaturtle.org please contact support@seaturtle.org.
If you have questions or comments about the website please contact the webmaster.