https://www.csols.com/wordpress/privacy/
We have created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our commitment to the privacy of your personal information. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the website.
If you have any questions or queries regarding this policy, please contact us at the address at the end of this policy.
Information We Automatically Collect
As part of the ongoing process of improving our website, its content and the services we provide, we may record information about your computer by the use of “Cookies”. Cookies identify your PC and are sent to your browser when you visit our website to assist the website to recognise your PC when you return to the website. You can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you a chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
Information You Provide
Our website makes provision for individuals to supply their personal information. All information collected via the website may be used by CSols.
We do not gather any more information about individuals without their knowledge, active participation and permission, than is set out in this policy.
Data Use
You agree that we may use your personal data supplied via the CSols website so that we may keep you informed of any activities undertaken by CSols which we believe may be of interest to you.
Part of our use of your information may include sending you e-mail messages. If you do not wish to receive messages please click the following link or just send a blank email to unsubscribe@csols.com with the subject: remove.
Legal Disclosure
In some cases we may be required to disclose your information to comply with legal requirements.
Changes And Information
Should you wish to have your information updated or believe that the information that we have is incorrect, please contact sales@csols.com
If you have any further questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of the CSols website or your own dealings with the CSols website please contact sales@csols.com.
Recent Posts
Integration with Beckman AU5810
LimsLink Migration Offer
COVID-19 update
CSols Ltd become UK distributor for Phytronix of Canada
CSols part fund Carbon footprint project
Upcoming Events There are no upcoming events at this time.
Mailing List
First Name
Last Name
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Iconic One Theme | Powered by Wordpress
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks