http://www.maparchive.org/terms-and-conditions.aspx
What service do you need?
Post Request
Join as a Pro
Login
Login
Signup
Join as a Pro
Post Request
Browse Quotes
How it Works
FAQ
Mobile Apps Download
Contact Us
Home
Enter service category Eg. DSTV Installers
Enter City Name,
Eg. Durban
x
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to Snupit! Snupit is an online platform allowing you to find and hire local service professionals (Pro’s). We are transforming the way customers connect with local service professionals.
These Terms and Conditions sets forth the agreement between you and Snupit (Pty) Ltd. It governs your use of the products and services we offer through our website, applications and mobile apps (collectively the "Site" or "Snupit Platform").
This agreement provides important information to you, including information about your obligations about your content, our limitation of liability to you, and your agreement to resolve any disputes by individual arbitration and to waive the right to participate in a class action.
Please make sure to read this agreement, because your use of the Site is consent to these terms. If you do not agree to any of the updated terms, you should stop using the Snupit Platform.
The Snupit Platform is Solely a Venue for Communications
The Snupit Platform is a communications platform for enabling the connection between individuals seeking to obtain services ("Customers") and/or individuals seeking to provide services ("Professionals/Pro’s"). Customers and Professionals together are referred to as "Users". Those certain services requested by the Customers, which are to be completed by the Professionals, are hereinafter referred to as "Services/Customer Requests". Snupit does not itself provide Services or Products. The provision of all Services is up to the Professionals, whom may be found through use of the Snupit Platform.
Snupit Services
Snupit provides customers with two options on how to look for a particular service. One: search and find Pros directly on the website. Two: allow us to find the services for you. We recommend you to allow us to help you. You tell us what you need by answering a few simple questions to post your quote request.
Once you’ve submitted your quote request online, interested professionals will contact you to discuss the details of your project. This is a great time to review their profile on Snupit and discuss how to get an accurate quote for your project. You compare the quotes, review the Pro’s business profile and hire the right Pro when you ready.
1
Snupit – After you enter quote request details, we will attempt to match you with up to at least 5 Pro’s in your City, who may be interested in quoting you. However, we do not guarantee that we will be able to match your service needs with a Pro in your area that are either capable or willing to complete your service needs.
2
Directory You can search and view a directory of businesses and Pro’s who have listed with us and who provide services in the project categories that you select. These listings include photos, videos, location maps, ratings and reviews.
3
No Guarantees or Endorsements. Although we take certain steps to examine the credentials of our listed Pro’s, we make no guarantees or representations regarding the skills or representations of such Pro’s or the quality of the job that he or she may perform for you if you elect to hire their services. Snupit does not endorse or recommend the services of any particular business/Pro’s listed on our online platform. It is entirely up to you to evaluate a Pro’s qualifications, and to enter into a direct contract with the business. We do not guarantee or warrant any Pro’s performance on the job or the outcome or quality of the services performed. The Pro’s and their businesses are not employees or agents of Snupit, nor is Snupit an agent of the Pro’s.
4
No Contracting via the Snupit Website. Snupit does not guarantee or warrant the pricing or discounts that a Pro may offer you. Any quotes provided by Pro’s via the Snupit website or apps, or which you find on the Snupit or apps, are not contractually binding offers, are for informational purposes only, and cannot be accepted on or via Snupit. No contractual arrangement is created based upon the quotes provided to you from Pro’s (or your scheduling of an appointment with a Pro) via the Snupit platform. To contract with a Pro, you must work directly with the Pro. Snupit does not perform, and is not responsible for, any of the services requested by you in your quote request. Your rights under contracts you enter into with Pro’s are governed by the terms of such contracts and by applicable legal laws.
5
Release from Damages or Claims. Should you have a dispute with any Pro, you must address such dispute with the Pro directly. You hereby agree to release Snupit (and our officers, directors, affiliates, employees and agents) from any damages or claims (including consequential and incidental damages) of every kind or nature, suspected and unsuspected, known and unknown, and disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes and your dealings with service professionals (Pro’s).
6
No Liability- Snupit shall bear no responsibility and have no liability whatsoever in respect of the provision of the services acquired by any customer or anyone. The customer agrees to indemnify Snupit against any claims made by any person against Snupit in respect of any loss or damage caused directly or indirectly by the acquisition of any services.
Your use of the Snupit services and prohibited uses
You acknowledge and agree that your use of Snupit is for your personal use and not for advertising purposes. You may not use Snupit to recreate or compete with Snupit, to solicit or harass Snupit Pro’s/businesses, or for any other purpose not contemplated herein. You acknowledge that a violation of the foregoing could result in significant damages, and you agree that you are liable to Snupit for any such damages, and will indemnify Snupit in the event of any third party claims against Snupit based on or arising from your violation of the foregoing. We reserve the right to revoke your access to any Snupit products or properties at any time. All information about Pro’s are confidential and for your personal use only. If it is determined or suspected by Snupit in its sole discretion that you are misusing or attempting to misuse or circumvent the Snupit services or system, or are using or attempting to use them for any inappropriate or non-personal purposes, including but not limited to activities such as hacking, scraping content, infiltrating, fraud, advertising, jamming or spamming, Snupit reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to immediately terminate your access without notice and to initiate without notice appropriate legal actions or proceedings to seek appropriate remedies and/or damages, including but not limited to lost revenue, repairs, legal fees, costs and expenses, and to seek injunctions or other equitable remedies.
Information you provide to us
Upon using Snupit, you will be prompted to disclose certain information about yourself and your project requirements, and you will be able to store information, such as quote request records, on our website or apps. Some of this information will be sent to Pro’s who will need this information to respond to your request. By providing this information to us, or by submitting a quote request, you are requesting, and you expressly consent to being contacted by us and by our Pro’s and providers via phone, text message, fax, email, mail or other reasonable means, at any of your contact numbers or addresses, in order that we may provide the services set forth on our site, to service your account, to reasonably address matters pertaining to your account or for other purposes reasonably related to your service request and our business, including marketing related emails. For complete details on our use of your information, please see our privacy policy. You agree that by completing a quote request, you are entering into a business relationship with Snupit and its partners and thus agree to be contacted by Snupit and/or its partners. You promise that all information you provide (including but not limited to your contact information, and any Ratings and Reviews of Pro’s/Business’s that you provide) will be accurate, current and truthful to the best of your knowledge. If you provide any information that is untrue, not current or incomplete, or if Snupit has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Snupit has the right to refuse any current or future use of the Snupit services (or any portion thereof) by you. You are responsible for any use of the Snupit services by persons to whom you intentionally or negligently allow access to your password.
To knowingly input false information, including but not limited to name, phone number, address or e-mail address is a very serious and fraudulent matter that could result in significant costs and damages including invasion of privacy rights, to Snupit and its Pro’s, as well as the loss of time, effort and expense responding to and pursuing such false information and request, and further, could result in fines and penalties. Accordingly, if you knowingly input false information in a quote request, including but not limited to someone else's name, e-mail address, physical address or phone number or a random or made up name, address, e-mail or phone number you agree to fully indemnify and be liable to Snupit and each Snupit Pro who accepts such quote requests for the actual damages that may arise from such intentional, misleading, harmful and fraudulent activity, plus reasonable legal fees.
Dispute resolution assistance
While we cannot guarantee the work performed by a listed Pro, and while we have no obligation to you with regard to your relationship with a Pro, the Snupit resolution process has been developed to try and assist you in resolving any disputes that may arise in the process of submitting a quote request on Snupit. We may, upon your request, provide limited assistance in resolving disputes between you and a Pro. You must participate and use good faith efforts to resolve problems through the Snupit resolution process. Such limited assistance in no way nullifies the release and indemnification described in these Terms & Conditions.
Call Recording
You acknowledge and agree that Snupit may monitor and/or record any telephone calls between you and Snupit.
User generated content
You agree that all of the content and information posted by you or your agents or designees on Snupit, including but not limited to:
Ratings & Reviews
Photographs or Images
Comments, Questions and/or Answers
Any other content
(known collectively as "Content") is the sole and exclusive property of Snupit, and that you have no right to reproduce, post, publish, or otherwise use such information other than for your personal use relating to your quote request.
1.
Our Right to Use Your Content. You acknowledge and agree that any Content you post or provide may be viewed by the general public and will not be treated as private, proprietary or confidential. You authorize us and our affiliates, licensees and sub-licensees, without compensation to you or others, to copy, adapt, create derivative works of, reproduce, incorporate, distribute, publicly display or otherwise use or exploit such Content throughout the world in any format or media (whether now known or hereafter created) for the duration of any copyright or other rights in such Content, and such permission shall be perpetual and may not be revoked for any reason. Further, to the extent permitted under applicable law, you waive and release and covenant not to assert any moral rights that you may have in any Content posted or provided by you.
2.
Grant of License. You hereby grant Snupit and its users a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, assignable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to use, store, display, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, perform, distribute, print, publish, disseminate and place advertising near and adjacent to your Content in any format or media (whether now know or hereafter created) on the Snupit and apps in any manner that we deem appropriate or necessary, including, if submitted, your name, voice and likeness throughout the world, and such permission shall be perpetual and cannot be revoked for any reason.
3.
Representation of Ownership and Right to Use Content. By posting or providing any Content to Snupit, you represent and warrant to Snupit that you own or have all necessary rights to use the Content, and grant to Snupit the rights granted below. The forgoing representation includes, but is not limited to a representation and warranty that you own or have the necessary rights (including any necessary releases) to grant all rights granted below in relation to any persons, places or intellectual property pictured in any photographic Content that you provide. In addition, if you post or otherwise provide any Content that is protected by copyright, you represent that you have obtained any necessary permissions or releases from the applicable copyright owner.
4.
Content Guidelines. Snupit reserves the right, but not the obligation, to edit or abridge, or to refuse to post, or to remove any content that you or any other users post on any Snupit owned or operated websites or apps if Snupit determines (in its sole discretion) that such content contains or features any of the following:
1.
Offensive, harmful and/or abusive language, including without limitation: expletives, profanities, obscenities, harassment, vulgarities, sexually explicit language and hate speech (e.g., racist/discriminatory speech.)
2.
References to illegal activity.
3.
Language that violates the standards of good taste or the standards of this Site.
4.
Statements that are or appear to be false.
5.
Comments that disparage Snupit.
6
With respect to Ratings and Reviews of Pro’s and Businesses, all of the above and in addition the following:
1.
Reviews that do not address the goods and services of the business or reviews with no qualitative value (e.g., "work has not started yet").
2.
Comments concerning a different business.
3.
Information not related to work requested in the quote request.
4.
If a dispute arises between a customer and Pro, the rating submitted may be held in pending status until resolution is reached. You represent and warrant that any Rating and Review provided by you is accurate and truthful, and that you will only provide a Rating and Review for a Pro/Business that has performed services for you pursuant to your applicable quote request.
Notice specific to documents and information available on this website.
Permission to use documents (such as press releases, datasheets, content, informational items and FAQs) from the Snupit server ("Server") is granted, provided that (1) the below copyright notice appears in all copies and that both the copyright notice and this permission notice appear, (2) use of such documents from the website is for your informational and non-commercial or personal use only and will not be copied or posted on any network computer or broadcast in any media, and (3) no modifications of any Documents are made. Use for any other purpose is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. No logo, graphic, sound or image from any Snupit website may be copied or retransmitted unless expressly permitted by Snupit. Snupit and/or its respective suppliers make no representations or warranties about the suitability of the information contained in the documents and related graphics published on this server for any purpose. All such documents and related graphics are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Snupit and/or its respective suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. The documents and related graphics published on the Snupit website could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. Snupit and/or its respective suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described herein at any time.
Professionals (Pro’s): Snupit allows Pro’s to upload business profiles about themselves and their business on the Snupit website or apps. Snupit does not review or verify the information or representations set forth in those profiles, except as expressly set forth above, as they are self-reported by the Pro. Snupit therefore makes no representations or warranties regarding any information uploaded by a Pro, and assume no liability for such information.
The above procedures may change from time to time at the sole discretion of Snupit. Snupit believes that it uses commercially reasonable methods to check these matters but does not make any representations or warranties that members continue to meet the above screening criteria after the date of their enrolment in the Snupit network.
Disclaimer: Snupit expressly disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied relating to the screening process for Pro’s, criteria, procedures, or information obtained or presented in the screening process of Pro’s or disclosures including but not limited to any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular use, or that the screening of Pro’s or verification procedures or standards are sufficient or that the information received in these screening of Pro’s or verification procedures is accurate, timely or error free.
For Professionals providing a service
Having a profile on Snupit is free, and it provides you with an advantage to market your business to new Customers. Customers can contact you directly for your services through your profile.
Snupit uses a pay-per-lead model which allows you to receive lead notifications for free. You get a summary job requirement with an option to view the Customer’s contact information by purchasing the business lead. Professionals pay to access the full details of the job requirement through Snupit credits.
Snupit Credits
Your purchase of Snupit Credits allows you to view the full details of the quote request posted by the Customer requesting your Services. Professionals use credits each time to view the Customers contact details so that they may meet with the Customer to get clarification of the Services requested or send through a quote to the Customer. We will always be transparent with you about the number of Snupit Credits you may use to view the Customers Requests.
Snupit Credits have no monetary/cash value and your purchase of Snupit Credits does not represent a pre-funding of stored value that can be accessed or used in the future for any purpose. You agree that all sales of Snupit Credits are final and non-refundable. Information and current pricing can be found in the Pro Centre. All pricing of Snupit Credits are in South African Rands (ZAR) and VAT inclusive.
Pay per Quote with Snupit Credits
Snupit reserves the right to grant and deduct Snupit Credits acting reasonably, on notice, and if applicable, in accordance with our refund and cancellation policies.
All credits charged per Customer Request / lead will be in accordance with the scale of charges and rates published from time to time by us on our site, errors and omissions excepted.
Purchasing of Customer Requests
You acknowledge and agree that:
a.
any and all of the terms and conditions pertaining to the Services requested by the Customer and your quote/proposal to offer those Services constitute a contract between you and the Customer and does not involve or implicate Snupit in anyway;
b.
the lowest priced or best quote will not necessarily be the quote selected by the Customer;
c.
Snupit plays no role whether active or inactive in the method of selection by the Customer of the selected quote;
d.
And Snupit takes no responsibility for the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of the content provided by a customer posting a request for Services.
Credit Offers and Discounts
For new professionals joining Snupit, we may offer special promotions. Some of these offers may be visible on-screen within your account when buying credits.
These offers and discounts will be in accordance with the special promotions published from time to time by us on our site or via email, errors and omissions excepted.
New Business Guarantee for Professionals
The New Business Guarantee is a great way for Professionals to find success on Snupit and to secure new customers. If Professionals do not secure at least one job on Snupit with their first purchase of 50 credits, we will refund their credits.
The New Business Guarantee will be subject to:
Professionals will have a verified business.
Professionals will have a minimum of 2 positive customer reviews.
Professionals will have a minimum profile strength of 80% before they make their first customer request purchase.
Professionals will claim the New Business Guarantee between 7 days and 30 days of their last customer request purchased.
Professionals will need to provide feedback regarding their customer experience for each of the requests purchased.
This offer may only be claimed once and shall only be valid for the first purchase of 50 credits.
Refund Policy
You acknowledge and agree that as a term and condition of using the Snupit platform, any fees incurred are non-refundable. If you are unhappy with the service of Snupit and have outlined in detail the reasons for your grievance, Snupit will consider the application for a refund and in its absolute discretion will either:
a.
deny the claim;
b.
or offer you a credit on your account;
c.
or refund your payment.
All cancellation and refund requests will be subject to Snupit’s review and absolute discretion. We will normally process your valid written request within thirty (30) days of receiving it, unless a shorter period is required by law. You may request a cancellation or refund by emailing your request to Snupit support at support@snupit.co.za. If you cancel your Account at any time, you will not receive any refund.
Returns of Purchased Customer Requests
If you receive a lead where the customer never requested the Services, the location is incorrect or the contact information is wrong, you may dispute this lead by bringing it to our attention. Our audit team will verify the credibility of the lead and act according to our Refund Policy stated above.
You must inform us within 14 days of purchasing a customer request to qualify for a refund. Any refunds go back to your Snupit balance – we don’t provide cash or credit card refunds.
Cancellation of User Account
Snupit may at any time terminate, suspend, block, limit or deactivate your access to your Snupit account or to the Snupit platform without giving any explanation, justification or prior notice. Snupit will use its sole discretion in determining suspension, termination, blocking, limitation or deactivation of a user’s account or access. The following may occur due to suspension, termination, blocking, limitation or deactivation:
a)
Communication of the suspension, termination, blocking, limitation or deactivation to third parties;
b)
The taking of further action against the user, if deemed necessary by Snupit;
c)
If your Snupit account is suspended, terminated, blocked, limited or deactivated the user will not qualify for a refund or for any compensation from Snupit;
d)
Snupit will have no obligation to return or delete any content provided to the platform by the suspended, terminated, blocked, limited or deactivated account.
If a user wishes to terminate, suspend, block, limit or deactivate their account of their own accord, they should email their request to support@snupit.co.za. Users who terminate, suspend, block, limit or deactivate of their own accord will not qualify for a refund or for any compensation from Snupit.
Ratings & reviews are not endorsed by Snupit
All Ratings and Reviews of a Pro/Business displayed to you reflect the opinions of other customers, and do not reflect or represent the opinions or representations of Snupit. Snupit disclaims any and all representations or warranties with regard to the Ratings and Reviews. Snupit does not assume responsibility or liability for any Review or for any claims, damages, or losses resulting from any use of the Site or the materials contained therein.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify Snupit, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, co-branders, and other partners and hold them each harmless from any and all claims or demands, including attorney's fees, made by any third party due to or arising from your use of the Snupit services, in connection with the Snupit website, with regard to any dispute between you and a Pro/Business, or your violation of these terms and conditions, or arising from your violation of any rights of a third party.
General provisions
You acknowledge and agree that the Snupit services are provided to you on an "AS IS" basis without any warranty whatsoever, and your sole and exclusive remedy, and Snupit’s sole obligation to you or any third party for any claim arising out of your use of the Snupit services or the Snupit website or Snupit apps, is that you are free to discontinue your use of the Snupit services or the Snupit website or Snupit apps at any time. Except as expressly set forth herein, Snupit expressly disclaims any implied warranties of any kind, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, and you agree that Snupit shall have no liability for direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential (including lost profit), exemplary or punitive damages (even if Snupit has been advised of the possibility of such damages) arising out of this agreement or any consequences which flow from it. Some local authorities and provinces do not allow limitations on or exclusion of incidental or consequential damages. In such local authorities and provinces, the above exclusions may not apply to you. The Terms and Conditions will inure to the benefit of Snupit’s successors, assigns and licensees. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable, for any reason, by any court of competent jurisdiction that provision shall be modified in order to make it enforceable, while maintaining the spirit of the provision. Alternatively, if modification is not possible, such provision shall be stricken and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms. The failure of Snupit to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms and Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Snupit services or the Terms and Conditions must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
The user hereby agrees that the law applicable to these terms and conditions of use, their interpretation and any matter in connection therewith will be the laws of the Republic of South Africa.
Privacy Policy
Doing Business
Browse Quotes
Join as a Pro
Pro Success Stories
Pro Centre
Get to Know Us
About Us
Join Our Team
Blog
Service Guides
Let us Help You
How It Works
Trust & Safety
Request Quote
Contact Us
Download Apps
© 2020
Terms
Privacy