http://www.re-energy.ca/privacy
re-energy.ca
HOME
TEACHER MATERIALS
SOLAR OVEN CHALLENGE
ABOUT US
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Copyright
& Terms of Use
All material on this re-energy.ca website is the protected property of
GreenLearning Canada, except where otherwise indicated.
Re-energy.ca materials may be reproduced and distributed according to the following terms:
Materials may be used for educational or informational purposes,.
All material on the re-energy.ca site is protected by copyright unless otherwise noted.
In the case of third party materials, including but not limited to
photos and illustrations, permission should be obtained from the
copyright owner prior to use.
All photographs contained on the re-energy.ca site indicate
copyright of each. Permission to use any of the images other than
within the materials on the re-energy.ca site is prohibited.
If a recognizable person appears in the photograph, use for
commercial purposes may infringe a right of privacy or publicity and
permission should be obtained from the recognizable person.
Materials may not be reproduced and used for commercial purposes.
GreenLearning Canada must always be acknowledged as the source of all materials and the copyright holder of the same.
This permission to reproduce materials does not include logos appearing on the website.
No material on this site may be used to state or imply the
endorsement by GreenLearning Canada of a commercial product,
service, or activity, or used in any manner that might mislead.
GreenLearning Canada will not be held liable for any costs,
expenses, claims, or demands arising out of the use any materials on
the GreenLearning.ca site.
Disclaimer
Information at this site is provided solely for the user's
information and, while thought to be accurate, is provided strictly "as
is" and without warranty of any kind. GreenLearning Canada, its agents, employees or contractors will not be liable
for any damages, direct or indirect, or lost profits arising out of
your use of information provided at this site, or information provided
at any other site that can be accessed from this site.
Any queries about this copyright and terms of use, or about the
site in general should be sent to info@greenlearning.ca.
© 2003-2020 GreenLearning Canada Foundation • Privacy Statement
Previous Challenges
Results of the 2019 Solar Oven Challenge!
GreenLearning Canada is happy to announce the results of the 2019 Solar Oven Challenge.
Thank you to all the many classes across Canada who participated in the Challenge this past year!
It is very gratifying to see the many students involved as well as their enthusiasm and investment in the renewable energy activities.
•	First place
– Lester B Pearson
•	Second place – Hillside Public School
•	Third place – David Lloyd George
All Solar Oven Challenge entries can be viewed in
2019 Solar Oven Challenge Showcase!
The Solar Oven Challenge is now part of the Re-Energy Challenge – find out more by visiting the link:
http://greenlearning.ca/reenergychallenge/
Teaching Materials
For supporting lesson plans, national curriculum connections, and building plansclick here.