https://www.badbedbugs.com/bug-bites/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy at BadBedBugs.comBADBEDBUGS.COM PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy describes how we handle your personal information for services available through the badbedbugs.com Web Site (the “Web Site”). By accepting the Privacy Policy and the Conditions of Use Agreement through your use of this website and/or in registration of an account or other use of this Web Site, you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is effective upon acceptance for new users and is otherwise effective on Oct 1, 2008 and shall continue to be effective thereafter for all users until such time as this Privacy Policy shall be revised.
COLLECTION
You may browse the Web Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information to our servers.
We may collect and store the following personal information:
email address, physical contact information, and (depending on the service used) sometimes the financial information, such as credit card or bank account numbers that you may use for badbedbugs.com Services or other transactions on this Web Site;
transactional information based on your activities on the Web Site (such as services used and searching, including item and content you generate from such search or that relates to your transactions); and
computer sign-on data, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the Web Site, and other information, including IP address and standard web log information.
USE
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. You agree that we may use your personal information to, among other things:
provide the services and support you request;
resolve disputes, collect fees, process transactions and payments, and troubleshoot problems;
prevent, potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our User Agreement;
customize, measure, and improve our services and the Web Site’s content and layout; and
tell you about targeted marketing, updates, and promotional offers based on your communication preferences; and compare information for accuracy, and verify it with third parties.
COOKIES
We use cookies (small files placed on your hard drive) on certain pages of the Web Site to help analyze out web page flow, customize our services, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety.
A few important things you should know about cookies are that:
We may offer certain features that are only available through the use of cookies;
We may use cookies to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status in secure areas of the Web Site;
Most cookies are session cookies, meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session; and
You are always free to decline out cookies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of the Web Site.
You may encounter cookies from third parties on certain pages of the Web Site that we do not control. (For example, if you view a web page created by another user, there may be a cookie placed by that web page.) We are not responsible for cookies placed by web sites not under our control and any information obtained by such cookies.
ACCOUNT PROTECTION
If you make payments on this Web Site for an account (e.g. water service), you should take steps to protect the information you provided. If you do share any passwords or personal information with others, remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account. If you lose control of any passwords related to this Web Site, you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if a password or other account information has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately notify badbedbugs.com.
ACCESSING, REVIEWING AND CHANGING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information related to your accounts with badbedbugs.com may or may not be accessible from the Web Site. If information relating to any accounts with badbedbugs.com is incorrect, you should contact badbedbugs.com by phone to discuss the changes and the process for making such changes. You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate.
SECURITY
Your information may be stored on our servers or our contractor’s servers which are located in the United States. We treat data as an asset that must be protected and use lots of tools (encryption, passwords, physical security, etc.) to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure. However, as you probably know, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, and other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Web Site. Therefore, although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private. The design of the payment services provided on this Web Site is such that financial data remains primarily with financial institutions. Wherever possible, financial information is not seen or collected by badbedbugs.com itself. Instead, designated banks route the data, transfer the funds and confirm payment to both you and badbedbugs.com. In addition, measures including, but not limited to, encryption are used to ensure the integrity and security of your financial information.
THIRD PARTIES
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. If you disclose your information to others, whether they are advertisers, buyers, or sellers on our Web Site or other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. Since badbedbugs.com does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post any Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Policy changes). Each version of this Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date, and we will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
DISCLOSURE
Amazon Services LLC:
BadBedBugs.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
I may place ads on my site to help pay for the server, but that’s as far as it goes. I do not own or work for a pest control company.
Please note that affiliate links may be used to link to some of the products featured on this website when available. This means that a commission may be paid if someone buys something by clicking on one of the links on this blog – at no extra cost to the person making the purchase.
Paid advertisements may be featured in various places on the site. Additionally, companies sometimes send free products in order for them to be reviewed here on the website, such as a mattress cover or bed bug trap.
NONE OF THE ABOVE influences the opinions on this website or the decision of whether or not to feature them on the site.
DISCLOSURE TO LAW ENFORCEMENT
We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, or protect anyone’s rights, property, or safety.
We may also share your personal information with:
related entities to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and provide joint services;
other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information (or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a specific service);
law enforcement or other governmental officials, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity (In such events we will disclose name, city, state, telephone number, and email address); and
Although we attempt to restrict disclosure as provided in the agreement, badbedbugs.com and any related entity or individual shall not be liable under any circumstances for any disclosure of any kind whether intentional or unintentional.
Click here to add your own text
AdditionalBlog
Mite Bites
Flea Bites
BedBug FAQ
Hotel Bedbug Check
Bat Bugs or Bed Bugs?
Our Information
Privacy Policy
Conditions of Use
About My Website
Scroll to top