http://www.alta.org/about/privacy-policy.cfm
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
ALTA Privacy Policy
We recognize the importance of protecting the personal information you provide at websites owned or controlled by the American Land Title Association (ALTA). For these websites, we maintain the following privacy policy:
What Information We Collect
ALTA gathers information needed to maintain membership records, process transactions and fulfill your requests. This information includes:
Contact information you provide (for example, your personal and business addresses, phone and fax numbers, firm affiliations and titles)
Tracking information which our web server recognizes each time you visit one of our sites or communicate with us by email (for example, your domain name, your email address, and what pages you visit). For instance, we use cookies to identify you so that you only have to login with your username and password only once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site
Information you volunteer, via applications or surveys (for example, education, designations, specialties, affiliations with other real estate organizations and general demographic data)
Sensitive information such as credit card data to complete purchases
How We Use This Information
Improve and customize the content and layout of our sites and other communications tools, such as TitleNews, TitleNews Online, Advocacy Update, News You Can Use and marketing emails.
Notify you of updates to our sites
Notify you of relevant products and services
Notify you of upcoming events and programs
Compile specialty directories about which you will be made aware (Leadership, Membership and Vendor directories)
Track usage of our sites
Help consumers find companies that provide title insurance and other settlement services in their area
ALTA may also use any non-personal or anonymous data about you for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics and developing marketing plans. ALTA may disclose any data deemed necessary to comply with any applicable law or on the request of any appropriate authority.
Associated Companies
ALTA may share some or all of your data with its associated websites or companies (Home Closing 101, Title Action Network, ALTA Title & Settlement Agent Registry and Land Title Institute). In these cases, ALTA will require associated companies to comply with this policy.
Third Parties
ALTA may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions on its behalf in relation to the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. Examples include data analysis firms, customer support specialists, webhosting companies, and companies used to provide marketing services. Such third parties may be provided with access to data needed to perform their functions, but may not use such information for any other purpose. ALTA allows the rental of its list through INFOCUS, which handles all list inquiries and orders.
Links
This website may contain links to or from other websites. Please be aware that ALTA is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. This privacy policy applies only to the information ALTA collects on this website. Please read the privacy policies of other websites you link to from ALTA’s website or otherwise visit.
Security
ALTA implements various security measures to protect the security of your personal information, both online and offline.
Business Transfers
As ALTA continues to develop its business, the association might sell or buy entities or assets. In such transactions, user information, including personal data, generally is one of the transferred business assets, and by submitting your personal information on the website you agree that your data may be transferred to such parties in these circumstances.
Notification of Changes
ALTA may revise this privacy policy from time to time. If ALTA decides to change the privacy policy, it will post the revised policy here. As ALTA may make changes at any time without notifying you, ALTA suggests that you periodically consult this privacy policy. Please note that ALTA’s rights to use your data will be based on the privacy policy in effect at the time of the use.
Updating Your Information
You have the ability to review, change or remove your personal data contained on our database. You can change your personal data or request that ALTA removes your personal data from its database at any time.
Choice/Opt-Out
If you do not agree to ALTA’s processing of your data in the manner outlined within this privacy policy, please do not submit any personal data or sensitive personal data. You can request that ALTA remove your personal data, including sensitive personal data, from its database at any time.
×
Cancel
Continue
×
OK