https://www.neuroscience.cam.ac.uk/about/privacy/
Study at Cambridge
About the University
Research at Cambridge
Quick links
For staff
For current students
For alumni
For business
Colleges & departments
Libraries & facilities
Museums & collections
Email & phone search
Search
Search site
Log in | Join
Home
About Governance Neuroscience in Cambridge Introduction by Andrew Huxley A short history Privacy Policy
Research & Collaboration Research themes Collaboration in action Publications
Directory Search Principal investigators All members Departments Institutes Popular keywords
News, Events & Seminars Seminars Latest news Events news Public Engagement news News archive CamNeuro events CamNeuro events archive
Information Job applicants Prospective students Current students Researchers Current vacancies Media
Vacancies
Contact us
Cambridge Neuroscience
About us
Governance
Neuroscience in Cambridge
Introduction by Andrew Huxley
A short history
Privacy Policy
Research and Collaboration
Research themes
Collaboration in action
Publications
Directory
Search
Principal investigators
All members
Departments
Institutes
Popular keywords
News, events and seminars
Seminars
Latest news
Events news
Public Engagement news
News archive
CamNeuro events
CamNeuro events archive
Information for...
Job applicants
Prospective students
Current students
Researchers
Media
Vacancies
Join
Log in
Contact us
Privacy Notice
Introduction
This page explains what personal information we gather when you visit this web site.
Who will process my personal information?
The information published here applies to the use of your personal information (also known as 'personal data') by the University of Cambridge through the viewing or use of this site.
As part of the services offered to you, for example through our Website, the information you provide to us may be transferred to and stored outside of the University as we use remote website/email server hosts to provide the website and some aspects of our service, which are based in the UK – this is generally the nature of data stored in “the Cloud”. It may also be processed by staff who work for one of our suppliers, e.g. our website server host.
General personal information collected on our websites
When you visit any of the websites within the Cambridge domain we hold certain information about you for service and security reasons. For more information on this, please see https://www.cam.ac.uk/about-this-site/privacy-policy
Specific personal information collected on this website
1. Research Directory
This site asks you to provide information about yourself when you fill in the registration form to join the Research Directory (https://www.neuroscience.cam.ac.uk/account/newAccount.php). Registration allows eligible researchers to create a research profile in our searchable Directory - to do this you must be a member of the University of Cambridge or an affiliated institute with an interest in Neuroscience and its related disciplines.
We gather this information so that we can create a profile for you on the Research Directory.
We use this personal information with your consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
Some of your data on your public profile is visible to external parties (not your telephone number or CRSID). You have the option to choose whether your email address is made visible to external parties on your profile page, if you wish to be publicly contactable in this way. If we make changes to your Research Directory profile for the purposes of updating it, we will notify you. You may edit your own profile by logging into your account and changing your settings. All user edits require moderator approval before going live.
We will hold your data until your CRSID expires or until you request us to delete your page.
We also use Google Webmaster Tools to index the status and optimise visibility of our website. For information about how Google Webmaster Tools use your personal information, please see http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
2. Newsletter registration
This site asks you to provide information about yourself when you fill in the form to join the newsletter distribution list (https://www.neuroscience.cam.ac.uk/account/newAccount.php). Any member of the public with an interest in neuroscience is eligible to join the newsletter distribution list.
We gather this information so that we can send you a regular newsletter, which includes, but is not limited to, information on news, events and research associated with Cambridge Neuroscience and other neuroscience-related organisations.
We use this personal information with your consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We will not share your information with third parties.
You may be removed from newsletter distribution list at any time by contacting the moderator or by logging into your account and changing your settings.
3. Events registration
This site asks you to provide information about yourself when you fill in the form to register for an event. We gather this information so that we can contact you with information regarding the event.
We will ask you whether you are happy for your contact details to be included on a printed list of participants at the event to assist in networking activities. If consent is given, your details will be given to delegates at the event, but will not be used for any other purposes.
We will ask you whether you are happy for your contact details to be shared with selected sponsors of the event for the purposes of communicating with you that they will be attending the event and/or for future marketing purposes. If consent is given, your details will be given to selected sponsors of the event, but will not be used for any other purposes.
Historical data (delegate lists) from past events are kept on a database. This is so we can see the demographic (e.g. Department, Career stage etc.) of our audience at different events and it helps with the planning of future events. You may request to have your data removed from any historical delegate list by contacting the moderator.
We will ask you whether you are happy for your contact details to be shared with selected sponsors of the event for the purposes of communicating that they will be attending the event and/or for future marketing purposes. If consent is given, your details will be given to selected sponsors of the event, but will not be used for any other purposes.
Use of cookies
Our Website uses cookies. We use Google Analytics cookies to gather information about your computer for our services and to provide statistical information regarding the use of our Website. Such information will not identify you personally – it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our Website. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever. We also use session cookies for the functioning of our website login, this information is required to allow a user to stay logged in to a web site without needing to submit their username and password for each page visited. Without this cookie, a user is unable to proceed to areas of the web site that require authenticated access. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. This cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer, as cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our Website and the service that we provide to you. All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies.
Further information
For more information about how we handle your personal information, and your rights under data protection legislation, please see https://www.information-compliance.admin.cam.ac.uk/data-protection/general-data
This page was last updated in May 2018.
Cambridge Neuroscience Coordinator
For information about Cambridge Neuroscience please contact
Dr Dervila Glynn
coordinator@neuroscience.cam.ac.uk
Cambridge Neuroscience NewsletterIf you have an account, log in and check your preferences.Otherwise create an account now and then choose your preferred email format.
© 2020 University of Cambridge
University A-Z
Contact the University
Accessibility
Freedom of information
Terms and conditions
Study at Cambridge
Undergraduate
Graduate
International students
Continuing education
Executive and professional education
Courses in education
About the University
How the University and Colleges work
Visiting the University
Map
News
Events
Jobs
Giving to Cambridge
Research at Cambridge
News
Features
Discussion
Spotlight on...
About research at Cambridge