https://www.led-professional.com/misc/privacy-statement
Info
General Information | Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Privacy policy and data protection information.
Privacy Policy
Luger Research e.U. ("LR") believes strongly in protecting the privacy of the personally identifiable information you share with us. We also believe it is important to inform you about how we will use your personal data, and to give you choices about how those data will be used. Therefore, we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
In general, this Privacy Policy applies to all personal information of consumers collected or used by Luger Research e.U. or its subsidiaries (LR). This includes information from websites for commercial use that are owned by Luger Research e.U. and offline collections of personal data for commercial use owned by LR. However, some of our websites or data collections work with special kinds of data (for example, subscriptions) which require a somewhat different privacy policy. Whenever and wherever that is the case, LR will make it clear that the privacy policy concerned is different from this general LR Privacy Policy.
Why should you share your personal data with LR?
Sharing your personally identifiable information enables us to offer you a number of benefits. It will make it easier and more convenient for you to:
* Register your purchase so you can receive all the benefits to which your purchase entitles you;
* Request information specific to your interests;
* Participate in online communities;
* Receive personalized messages and special offers that are relevant to your interests;
* Save time by storing your preferences;
* Buy LR products online.
It will also allow us to conduct market research to help us develop better products, to provide more responsive customer service, and to improve our websites.
You may choose to share your information with us in a number of ways online, such as completing an registration form to become a member of Club LR, ordering a product, entering a contest, registering a purchase, participating in a promotion, or subscribing to a newsletter.
You can also share your personally identifiable information with us by returning the reply card that comes with the product you purchased or by communicating with one of our customer care representatives by e-mail, telephone, or in writing.
Sometimes LR obtains your personal data from other parties outside LR. This includes the buying of a business of which you already are a customer or the disclosure of your personal data by one of our partner companies. If you do not want us to use your personal data which you have not provided to us yourself, you can let us know by contacting us at the address listed below.
Sharing information
We want to know you better so we can serve you better. But the choice of whether you want this kind of service is up to you.
You should know that your personally identifiable information may be transferred from your home country to other LR companies around the world, who may communicate with you about our products or special offers you may find useful. If you do not want us to send you personalized offers or information, you can let us know by sending us an e-mail. LR will only share your data with third parties outside LR in the following circumstances:Sometimes LR sells you a product or offers you a service in a joint marketing effort with other companies. In such cases, your personal data will be shared with these companies. We will always let you know that such relationship exists and who these companies are prior to your registration. Note that these companies often have their own privacy policies that apply to the way they use your personal data. These privacy policies sometimes differ from the LR Privacy Policy. LR sometimes uses outside companies for handling your purchase or request or for processing your data. LR requires these companies to adequately safeguard your personal data and not use your data for any other purpose not authorized by LR. LR sometimes sells a business to another company. Such transfer of ownership could include the transfer of your personal data directly related to that business to the buyer. LR will release personally identifiable information if compelled by law. LR will not sell or provide your personal data to other third parties allowing them to use your personal data for their own purposes.
LR will not share any personal financial information you provide (such as credit card information) with other parties unless this is needed to handle your order, process our invoice, or prevent or combat fraud (e.g. ShareIt services).
From time to time, this Web Site may provide links to other websites. You should carefully review the privacy policies on those sites; they may differ from the LR Privacy Policy.
"Cookies” and website logging
Some of our Web Sites will send a "cookie," a small text file, to your computer. This allows us to recognize your computer the next time you visit, without bothering you with another request to register. And, if you use an online “shopping cart,” cookies allow us to keep track of the products you purchase. If you do not wish to receive cookies, please refer to the "Help" file of your Internet Browser to learn how to either block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. To learn more about cookies we encourage you to visit www.cookiecentral.com
If you visit our Web Sites to browse, read, or download information, we collect and store some "visitor information" from you, such as the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet, the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using, the date and time you access our Web Site, and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our Web Site. We use this information to measure the traffic on our Web Sites and to help us make our Web Sites more useful. We delete this information after some time.
Safeguarding the information you share with us
We recognize our responsibility to protect the information you entrust to us. LR uses a variety of secure techniques to protect your information, including secure servers, firewalls, and encryption of financial data.
LR websites also may make chat rooms, forums, message boards and/or newsgroups available to you. Please remember that any personally identifiable information you provide in these areas is also available to other users, and you should exercise caution before deciding to disclose it.
Your rightsOnce you have provided us with your personally identifiable information, you will have reasonable access to that information so you can change or delete it. You may do this by accessing your online profile, or by requesting a copy of your profile at the contact address listed below.
Because LR sells many products in different countries, you may have previously provided us with personally identifiable information through reply cards, our call centers, or in some other manner. Your decision not to register now will not affect the information you have already provided to LR. Of course, you will always have the option to unsubscribe to any online contact from LR or change your personal profile information.
Special information for parents
While LR Web Sites are generally not targeted at children under the age of thirteen, it is LR policy to comply with the law when it requires that a parent's or guardian's permission is secured before knowingly collecting, using, or disclosing personal information from children under the age of thirteen.
We strongly recommend that parents take an active role in supervising the online activity of their children.
Contacting us
You may contact us through this contact form if you would like to:
* ask us any question regarding our privacy policy;
* request a copy of your personal data, or change or delete your personal data;
* opt-out from receiving any future personalized offers or information from LR.
Our Address
Luger Research e.U.Moosmahdstrasse 30,6850 Dornbirn,Austriaphone: +43 5572 394489fax: +43 5572 394489 90e-mail: info@lugerresearch.com
If you have a concern about our use of your personally identifiable information, please let us know and we will make all reasonable efforts to address it.
FEATURED
New Calibration Standards in the UV A/B/C Range
UV radiation encompasses a very wide wavelength spectrum between 10 and 400 nm and is subdivided in ISO Standard 21348 into three ranges. The UVC range between 100 and 280 nm is currently extremely relevant for air and water disinfection for combating COVID-19. Since the outbreak of the pandemic ...
Read more »
FEATURED
A Cree® J Series® 2835 LED for Every Application on Your List
Cree's J Series 2835 LEDs combine high efficacy and lower power consumption. J Series 2835 LEDs are optimized for low density applications requiring high efficacy and smooth appearance, such as downlights, troffers, and panel lights. Thirteen models of J Series 2835 LEDs are available in 2200 K - ...
Read more »
Webinars & White Papers
Analysis of Heat Paths in LED Retrofit Lamps
Dec 01, 2020
How to Address the Lighting Industry‘s Concerns Regarding Product Compliance Online
Nov 02, 2020
HCL Basics- Ergonomy & Geometry in Integrative Lighting / HCL
Oct 15, 2020
Webinars & White Papers -
More…
Featured Listing
New Calibration Standards in the UV A/B/C Range
Dec 09, 2020
NICHIA Unveils Advanced Tunable LED Pairing with ‘Circadian Tune’ Functionality to Enhance Body Clock Management
Dec 08, 2020
A Cree® J Series® 2835 LED for Every Application on Your List
Dec 01, 2020
LUXTECH Introduces LUXroll: Architectural-Grade Flex Family
Nov 01, 2020
Edison Released Brand New DOB III Series Products
Oct 15, 2020
Versatile and Ultrafast – The New CAS 125 Series of Spectroradiometers for LED Production
Oct 07, 2020
LUXEON 3030 HE Plus Deep Dimming: Uniform Dimming To 1%
Oct 01, 2020
Cree® XLamp® XHP35.2 HI – Newest Extreme High Power LED
Oct 01, 2020
LUXTECH Introduces ONECUT: 47” LED Module Cuttable Every ½”
Sep 26, 2020
The 25th Guzhen Lighting Fair Set Date on Oct. 22-26, 2020
Sep 02, 2020
Featured Listing -
More…