http://www.klingereducational.com/privacy-policy/
1-800-522-6252
info@klingereducational.com
About Us
My Account
0 Items
Selected Leybold Physics Experiments
Mechanics Experiments
Motion and Forces
Heat Experiments
Electricity Experiments
Optics Experiments
Atomic and Nuclear Experiments
Solid State Experiments
Volume, Mass, and Density Experiments
Physics Science Lab Kits
Rotational Motion
Two Dimensional Motion
Translation Motion
Garage Physics
Physics
Quantum
AU Physics Enterprises
Advanced Physics
Atomic
Electricity & Magnetism
Heat
Mechanics
Modern Physics
Optics
Photonics
Waves & Sound
X-Ray Apparatus
Stand Equipment
Power Supplies
Engineering
Tactiles iQube
Snap Circuits®
COM3LAB
Robotics
Drones
Technology
Snap Circuits®
COM3LAB
Robotics
Drones
Automotive Technology
Alternative Drive Technology
Leybold™ Automotive Training Systems
Vehicle Technology: Electrics
Vehicle Technology: Engines
Vehicle Technology: Comfort Systems
Vehicle Technology: Drive Train
Vehicle Technology: Networking Automobile & Diagnosis Systems
Biology
Biochemistry
Biology Models
Forensic Science
Botany
Cell Biology
Dissecting Instruments
Manipulative Kits
Power Supplies
Anatomical Models
Human Skeleton Models
Human Skull Models
Human Torso Models
Disarticulated Human Skeleton Models
Human Spine Models
Human Heart Models
Urology Models
Pelvic & Pregnancy Models
Arm and Hand Skeleton Models
Human Leg and Foot Models
Muscle Models
Brain Models
Ear Models
Lung Models
Joint Models
Digestive System
Skin Models
Chemistry
Labware
Selected Leybold Chemistry Experiments
Biochemistry
Crystal Models
Inorganic
Metalware
Organic Chemistry
Stem Kits
Power Supplies
Cylinders
Beakers
Flasks
Test Tubes & Holders
Burettes - Glass
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We Protect Your Right to Privacy KlingerEducational.com respects your privacy. Our guidelines for protecting the information you provide us during your visit to our Web site appear below. Privacy Statement This statement discloses the privacy practices for www.KlingerEducational.com. We have designed KlingerEducational.com so that no personal identifying information is displayed online or is accessible to the general public. You can browse the science first website and online catalogs without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Use of Data For ordering and operations purposes, we collect only the following information about our users: name, account number (if applicable) street address, Zip Code, state, and country, use of equipment and email address. For promotions we collect other information to help us track the success of the promotion (i.e. how you learned about the offer). We use the name and email address to manage registrations. We do not sell or distribute that information to any third party. We do not reveal your email address or other personal information, except to complete transactions with our third party suppliers. The ZIP code, state, and country information is used only to assess our needs in the way of technology, for the purposes of offering the best possible service to our world-wide customer base. We do not sell or distribute this information to any third party. Information such as name, phone number, and credit card numbers are collected through third party partners of KlingerEducational.com, such as Visa, MasterCard, and American Express. Use of Your Email Address When you provide us with your email address during registration as a customer or make a purchase from us, we will occasionally send you email with recommendations or notices of new products, prices, and services. At the time that you register or make a purchase, you will be given an opportunity to opt out of this service. If you do not initially choose to opt out, you may still block future email of this type, simply by following the instructions at the bottom of the update messages. Eventually, we send email to keep you informed about the status of your orders. These messages cannot be blocked. Registration During the KlingerEducational.com registration process, we ask you to provide us with contact information, such as name, email address, phone number, ZIP code, state, and country. We do not sell, rent, or share any customer information that we collect on our site except for the purposes described here and to our suppliers for the same purposes. By contract, third parties such as must comply with their own privacy policies with regard to the renting, selling, or sharing of information. Links KlingerEducational.com contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are clicking to another Web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites, as their privacy policies may differ from ours. Log Files KlingerEducational.com maintains log files of the traffic that visits the KlingerEducational.com site. We do not link any information gathered in these log files to personally identifying information. Log files are used to manage traffic loads and information technology requirements for providing reliable service. Information collected includes IP addresses and browser types. Feedback We collect user feedback. Users who would like a response to specific questions concerning the service or their subscriptions are directed to the customer service area. These questions will be responded to as quickly as possible. We read all of our customer service queries and use the information contained therein only to resolve the question at hand. Update User Information Users can update or correct, their personal information on KlingerEducational.com by changing their profile information. All information gathered on the KlingerEducational.com site is stored and maintained in secure facilities that limit access to authorized personnel only. Our personnel can only access the information through a series of access-control procedures. All KlingerEducational.com employees are briefed about the company’s privacy and security policies on a regular basis. The KlingerEducational.com Web site is regularly tested for security breaches to ensure that all information collected is secure from unauthorized viewing.
Save & Share Cart
Your Shopping Cart will be saved and you'll be given a link. You, or anyone with the link, can use it to retrieve your Cart at any time.
Save Cart & Generate Link
Send Cart in an Email
Done! close
Empty cart. Please add products before saving :)
Back
Save & Share Cart
Your Shopping Cart will be saved with Product pictures and information, and Cart Totals. Then send it to yourself, or a friend, with a link to retrieve it at any time.
To
From Name
Subject
Have a look at this Shopping Cart sent by a friend via Klinger Educational Products
Send Cart Email
Your cart email sent successfully :)