https://www.labsource.com/pages/privacy
Know part number?
Quick Order
Contact Us | Log In | Register
Gloves
Lab
Protective Apparel
Safety
Brands
Catalog
$0.00
0
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Labsource Inc. uses and protects any information that you give Labsource Inc when you use this website. Labsource Inc is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Labsource Inc may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from September 1st, 2015.
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather:
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We may provide your information to our third party partners for marketing or promotional purposes.
We will never sell your information.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question
My Account
Log In
Order History
Quick Order
My Favorites
My Quote List
Contact Information
800-545-8823
Info@LabSource.com
1260 Garnet Dr Northlake, IL 60164
Information
About Us
Contact Us
Credit Application
Privacy Policy
Return Request
Request Physical Catalog
Return Policy
Sitemap
©Copyright
Labsource Inc. All Rights Reserved
Add to Favorites
Success! You have successfully logged in.
Create New List
×
Close
×
Please sign in or register to access lists
Close
×
Close
Close
Your message has successfully been sent. We will respond back soon
Close
Email entered was invalid.
Close
Name, Email, and your message are all required
Close
×
On Thursday, May 2nd, we will be implementing a new phone system. During this time our system will be completely down. Please contact us at info@labsource.com and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
Close