https://www.fdbhealth.com/privacy-notice#interest-based-advertising
USA
Select a Region
USA
Canada (English)
Canada (French)
Middle East
United Kingdom
Customer Login
FDB Community
Engage. Collaborate. Learn.
Join or Login Now
Contact Us
Applications
Applications
Provider
Ambulatory and Home Health
Behavioral Health
Drug Alert Management
Electronic Health Records (EHRs)
e-Prescribing
Medication Adherence
Medication Reconciliation
Opioid Risk Management
Population Health and Care Management
Telemedicine / Telehealth
Pharmacy
Dispensing
Drug Formulary Management
Medication Therapy Management
Administrative
Drug Claims Processing
Drug Pricing Analysis
Drug Utilization Review (DUR)
Government and Regulatory
Consumer
Consumer Applications
Medical Devices
EHR Documentation
Item Master Management
Medical Device Formulary Management
Point-Of-Use
Featured
Telemedicine
Learn how FDB supports telemedicine, an increasingly sought-after option for patient and providers.
Solutions
Solutions
Drug Knowledge
MedKnowledge
The most widely used integrated drug database in the United States
Clinical Modules
Foundations
Drug Pricing
Integration Options
OrderKnowledge
Medication order strings for CPOE efficiency
AlertSpace
The breakthrough solution for medication alert fatigue
Targeted Medication Warnings
Actionable medication guidance from a patient-first perspective
CDS Analytics
Insights into the effectiveness of an organization’s CDS
Meducation
Individualized medication instructions that help improve medication adherence
AnalySource
Powerful analytics for FDB drug pricing data
Infusion Knowledge
IV medications and parameters for use within smart pumps
Pet MedKnowledge
The first veterinary drug database to support commerce and dispensing
Device Knowledge
Prizm
Medical device knowledge that helps improve clinical, financial and operational outcomes
View All Solutions
Markets
Markets
Markets We Serve
Technology Developer
Enabling the development of effective healthcare solutions
Healthcare Provider
Supporting hospitals, ambulatory clinics and home health agencies
Payer
Supporting efficient healthcare payment and reimbursement
Retail Pharmacy
Supporting efficient clinical and business-related decisions
Group Purchasing Organization
Enabling healthcare providers to achieve cost savings and improve outcomes
FEATURED
Healthcare Provider
Making hospital and other provider IT systems more insightful
Insights
Insights
Topics
Alert Management
Clinical Screening
Drug Pricing
Electronic Health Records
ePrescribing
Health Policy
Medical Device Knowledge
Medication Adherence
Medication Decision Support
Resources
Blog Articles
Brochures
Case Studies
Datasheets
Flyers
Infographics
Issue Briefs
Posters
White Papers
Featured
Press Release: FDB Partners with RxCap for Medication Adherence Mobile App
Blog Article: How Label about Naloxone Can Help Save Lives from Opioid Overdose
Press Release: FDB Selected as Drug Database for CliniComp EHR Pharmacy Solution
Case Study: Williamson Medical Center - Addressing Alert Fatigue with FDB AlertSpace
Issue Brief: Medication Adherence
Blog Article: Repair Hospital Supply Chain Data Breaks to Protect Patient Safety
Our Experts
Media Coverage - Technology optimization: refining clinical decision support
Charles Tuchinda, MD, MBAExecutive VP, Hearst Health &Executive Chairman, FDB
View All Insights
Support
Support
Contact Support
800.633.3453 Option 3
Email Support
Customers
Customer Success
Manufacturers
Manufacturer Relations
Manufacturer Web Portal
COVID-19
Related Drug Information
Related Medical Device Information
Letter to Customers and Partners
Company
Company
About FDB
About Us
Vision and Mission
Leadership
Company / Locations
Careers
For Consumers
Follow Us
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Press Releases
First Databank Updates COVID-19 Medical Supply Guide with More Than 1,300
of the Latest Products to Help in Fight Against Pandemic
First Databank Partners with RxCap for Medication Adherence Mobile App
FDB Selected as Drug Database for CliniComp's EHR Pharmacy Solution
Nationwide Children's Hospital Wins 2020 Hearst Health Prize
View all press releases
Media Coverage
COVID 19 Supply Chain DME Shortages for At-Risk Patients
Patient Education Can Improve Medication Adherence
Why Patient Education Is More Important Than Ever
Low-Dose Aspirin Daily Use Could Increase Cancer Risk for Seniors
Best Practices for Medication Decision Support
Stay in Sync with Innovations in Medication Decision Support
View all media coverage
Upcoming Events
FDB does NOT provide specific drug product information on this website. Learn more here.
FDB does NOT provide specific drug product information on this website. Learn more here.
Privacy Notice
Last updated: April 11, 2019
This Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) describes how First Databank, Inc. and its affiliates (“FDB US”, “we”, “our” or “us”) handle personal information obtained in connection with the operation of the FDB US website available at www.fdbhealth.com linking to this Notice (the “Site”). This Notice describes how we can use the information we obtain and with whom we may share it. The Site is made available for informational and research purposes and is intended for users acting in a professional capacity.
This Notice does not describe the privacy practices of FDB US in relation to personal information about patients or other individuals we obtain on behalf of our clients through FDB US products and services.
Our privacy practices may vary among the countries in which we operate to reflect local practices and legal requirements. Specific privacy notices may apply in certain countries or regions. Please visit the webpage of the specific country or region to learn more about our privacy practices in relation to that country or region, as well as available products and services.
WHAT INFORMATION WE OBTAIN
FDB US obtains different types of information, including personal information, when you use the Site. This information may be provided by you directly, such as when you complete a form on the Site, it may be automatically collected from your browser or mobile device using technologies such as cookies, or it may be obtained from other sources.
Information we collect directly from you:
We may ask you to provide your information when you use the Site, such as when you complete a Contact Us form. You may not be able to use certain features if you choose not to submit the requested information.
The information you give us may include details such as:
Contact information (e.g., name, email address, company name and address).
Demographic and interests information (e.g., region and industry sector).
Other information you choose to share with us (e.g., when you provide information through the “Message” box in the “Contact Us” form).
Transactional and activity information (e.g., when you download our research documents or other assets).
Information automatically collected:
We and our service providers may automatically obtain certain information when you access the Site from your web browser or mobile device, such as information about the number and frequency of visitors, technical information about browsers and devices used to access the Site, and information about crashes or other technical issues. In addition, we and third parties may automatically collect certain information through automated means about your activities over time across the browsers and devices you use to access the Site as well as across third-party sites, apps or other media. These technologies may assign or collect a unique identifier on your browser or device, and may reside, among other places, on your computer or device, within webpages, mobile apps, emails or other digital content. We may use these technologies to administer the Site, understand usage of the Site and improve the content and offerings of the Site.
Information we obtain from other sources:
We may combine information we obtain through the Site with other information we may have about you, including information obtained offline. If you are a representative of an FDB US client or potential FDB US client, we may obtain information about you from your organization, for example, through the contract negotiation process or for billing and other administrative purposes. We may obtain your information if you attend an industry conference or event or provide us with your business card. We may also obtain information from social media channels and third-party data providers.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE OBTAIN
FDB US uses the information we obtain in connection with the operation of the Site for a number of purposes, including, but not limited to:
Making the Site available and providing you with information or materials you may request.
Communicating with you by email and other means, including sending marketing and promotional communications.
Improving the Site and the services we provide and customizing the user experience.
Generating and analyzing statistics about your use of the Site and our offerings.
Detecting, preventing, and responding to violations of this Notice or the Terms of Use, violations of law, or other misuse of the Site.
Interest-based advertising:
We and third parties may collect information about your online activities to provide you with advertising tailored to your interests. You may see certain ads on websites because we or third parties participate in advertising networks. Ad networks track your online activities over time and across different browsers and devices you may use by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs and web beacons. We adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising developed by the Digital Advertising Alliance.
The information ad networks may collect includes information about your visits to websites that participate in the relevant advertising networks, such as the pages, advertisements or videos you view and the actions you take on the websites. This data collection may take place both on the Site and on third-party websites or apps that participate in ad networks. This process allows us and third parties to deliver more tailored advertising and helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. To learn more about your rights in relation to interest-based advertising on your browser, including your choice to opt out, please see the section on Interest-Based Ads Opt-Outs below.
WITH WHOM WE SHARE INFORMATION
FDB US shares the information we obtain:
With our affiliates and subsidiaries.
With our business partners.
With third parties that provide services or handle transactions on our behalf.
As we believe is necessary or appropriate to protect, enforce, or defend our legal rights, the privacy or safety of our employees, users of the Site or other individuals and entities, or to comply with or enforce applicable law or legal process, including responding to court orders, warrants, subpoenas and other requests from public and government authorities.
We also reserve the right to transfer any of the information, including personal information, we have about you to proceed with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets to a third party, such as in the event of a merger, acquisition or other disposition, or in connection with a bankruptcy reorganization, dissolution, or liquidation; and we may share your information with third parties when you consent to or request such sharing.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we obtain through the Site. However, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we make reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
YOUR CHOICES, INCLUDING MARKETING AND INTEREST-BASED ADS OPT-OUTS
Email Marketing Opt-Out
You may unsubscribe from marketing and promotional communications and newsletters by clicking on the unsubscribe link in each email.
Web Monitoring and Analytics Opt-Outs
To opt out of Google Analytics on your browser or device, please visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and follow the instructions.
To opt out of Oracle Marketing Cloud on your browser or device, please visit https://www.oracle.com/marketingcloud/opt.html and follow the instructions.
To opt out of LinkedIn Insights, please visit https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out?trk=microsites-frontend_legal_cookie-policy and follow the instructions.
Interest-Based Ads Opt-Outs
To learn more about your rights in relation to interest-based advertising on your browser, including your choice to opt out, you can follow the instructions provided by the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) and/or the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) to place an opt-out cookie on your browser. These opt-out cookies enable you to block participating companies from installing future cookies on your computer or browser. If you place opt-out cookies but subsequently clear or delete cookies on your computer or device browser, your opt-out cookies may be deleted and you may have to renew your opt-out choices for that specific browser.
To limit interest-based advertising on your mobile device, you can review and adjust the settings provided by your device manufacturer, such as “Limit Ad Tracking” for iOS or “Opt-out of interest-based ads” for Android.
These opt-out mechanisms are provided by third parties. FDB US does not control or operate these mechanisms or the choices provided through these mechanisms.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS AND FEATURES
The Site may contain links to third-party websites, mobile apps or features, including through social media features and widgets. FDB US is not responsible for the collection or use of your information by such third parties. We encourage you to review the privacy policies or other similar statements applicable to third-party websites, mobile apps or features.
DO NOT TRACK
FDB US does not currently take steps to respond to browsers’ “Do Not Track” signals as no uniform standard to respond to such signals has been developed at this time.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Information collected through the Site will be processed in and subject to the laws of the United States, which may not provide the same level of protection for your personal information as your home country.
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
The Site is not directed to, nor does FDB US knowingly collect personal information from, children under the age of 13. If you become aware that your child or any child under your care has provided us with information without your consent, please contact us as indicated below.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We may update this Notice from time to time to reflect changes in our privacy practices or applicable laws. We may, as permitted by law, make such changes without prior notice. We will publish the updated version on the Site and indicate at the top of the Notice when it was most recently updated. Your use of the Site will be governed by the current version of this Notice.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Notice or, in accordance with applicable laws, you would like to review or request changes to the information collected in connection with your use of the Site, please contact us at cs@fdbhealth.com.
First Databank, Inc.
701 Gateway Boulevard
Suite 600
South San Francisco, CA 94080