http://www.airo.org/index.php/it/privacy
Registration
Log in
AIRO Privacy Policy
Last updated: 2018-05-22
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect?
When registering on our site, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, sign up for our newsletter, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To send periodic emails regarding our activities.
How do we protect your information?
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off it will turn off some of the features of the site.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website, except for relevant informational links such as conferences, job offers and journals.
Email usage:
We collect your email address in order to send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
We allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us by emailing us at Questo indirizzo email è protetto dagli spambots. È necessario abilitare JavaScript per vederlo..
Informativa sulla Privacy
AIROYoung
EURO
UMI
Airo
© 2020
More Education Joomla Themes at TemplateMonster.com
×
Chiave segreta
Ricordami
Accedi
Dimenticato il nome utente?
Dimenticato la password?
Registrati
We use cookies to improve our website and your experience when using it. Cookies used for the essential operation of this site have already been set. To find out more about the cookies we use and how to delete them, see our privacy policy.  I accept cookies from this site. Agree