https://www.valeport.co.uk/supplier-requirements/anti-slavery-policy/
Your browser is no longer supported. Please
upgrade your browser
to improve your experience.
Products
Find a product by Groups
Find a product by Product Types
Find a product by Applications
Find a product by Parameters
Product Search
Browse all products
Back to products
Coastal
Inland
Offshore
Back to products
CTD & Environmental
Current
Echosounders & Bathymetry
Sound Velocity
Tide
Wave
Back to products
AUV ROV ASV
Hydrography
Hydrometry
Metrology & Positioning
Oceanography
Ports, Harbours & Dredging
Renewable Energy
Back to products
Chlorophyll a
Conductivity
Density
Depth
Fluorescein
Phycocyanin
Pressure
Rhodamine
Salinity
Temperature
Turbidity
Water Level
Back to products
Search
About Valeport
Corporate Social Responsibility at Valeport
Environmental
Latest news
Meet the team
Our philosophy
Save Our Seagrass with Valeport
Valeport history
Valeport’s premises
Articles
Contact
Cookie Policy
Our international distributors
Privacy Policy
Products
Services and Calibrations
Sound Velocity Sensors
Supplier Requirements
Anti-Bribery Policy – Supplier Obligations (“Policy”)
Anti-Slavery Policy – Supplier Obligations (“Policy”)
Anti-Tax Evasion Policy – Supplier Obligations (“Policy”)
Data Processing Agreement
Support
Resources
Support by product
Training videos
Support Form Response
Technology you can trust
Warranties and Repairs
Website Terms & Conditions
Home
Supplier Requirements
Anti-Slavery Policy – Supplier Obligations (“Policy”)
This Policy is:
(i)	is supplemental to the Contract and specifies Valeport requirements for Supplier to comply with in performance of the Contract; and
(ii)	shall remain in force for the longer of either (a) the duration of the Contract; or (b) until such time as any continuing obligations of the Supplier have ceased.
1. Definitions
1.1. “Contract” means the agreement entered into between Valeport and Supplier for the supply of certain products and services.
1.2. “Modern Slavery Policy” means Valeport anti-slavery and human trafficking policy as updated by Valeport and notified to the Supplier from time to time.
1.3. “MSA Offence” means an offence under the Modern Slavery Act 2015.
1.4. “Supplier” means the person (legal or natural) who is party to and performs the Contract entered into with Valeport.
1.5. “Supplier Associated Persons” means all or any of the following:
1.5.1. persons associated with the Supplier (“Supplier’s Associates”); and
1.5.2. persons associated with any of the Supplier’s Associates,
in each case, involved in performing services for or on behalf of the Supplier in connection with the Services and the Contract.
1.6. “Valeport” refers to Valeport Limited a private limited company registered in England and Wales under Company number 01950444 and references to persons associated with Valeport include all companies in the same group of companies of which it forms part.
2. Modern slavery
2.1. The Supplier undertakes, warrants and represents that:
2.1.1. neither the Supplier nor any of its employees, workers, subcontractors or any other member of its supply chain has:
2.1.1.1. committed an MSA Offence;
2.1.1.2. been notified that it is subject to an investigation relating to an alleged MSA Offence or prosecution under the Modern Slavery Act 2015; or
2.1.1.3. is aware of any circumstances within its supply chain that could give rise to an investigation relating to an alleged MSA Offence or prosecution under the Modern Slavery Act 2015;
2.1.2. it shall comply with the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and the Modern Slavery Policy; and
2.1.3. it shall notify Valeport immediately in writing if it becomes aware or has reason to believe that it, or any of its employees, workers, subcontractors or any other member of its supply chain have breached or potentially breached any of Supplier’s obligations under this clause 2. Such notice shall set out full details of the circumstances concerning the breach or potential breach of Supplier’s obligations.
2.2. Any breach of clause 2.1 shall be deemed a material breach of the Contract by the Supplier that is not remediable and entitle Valeport to immediately terminate the Contract.
2.3. The Supplier shall prepare and deliver to Valeport each calendar year, an annual slavery and human trafficking report setting out the steps it has taken to ensure slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in any of its supply chains or in any part of its business.
2.4. The Supplier shall provide ongoing training for its employees, workers and any third party contractors and, where applicable, in compliance with Valeport’s anti-slavery related policies and procedures.