http://www.istcorp.com/supplemental-privacy-policy
Let our experts help:
Need information or have questions about our products, services, training, or pricing? We are here to help. Please fill out this form or view our office locations for regional phone contacts.
First Name
City
Last Name
Email
Phone
Country
Country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Antigua & Deps
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (Democratic Rep.)
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Fiji
Finland
France
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland Republic
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
North Korea
South Korea
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
St. Kitts & Nevis
St Lucia
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Company
Industry/Market
Industry/Market
Nuclear Power
Medical
Military
Civil Defense & Homeland Security
Laboratory & Research
Industrial & Environment
Decontamination & Decommissioning
Other
Product Application
Product Application
Contamination Monitoring & Clearance
Criticality Accident Alarm Systems
Decontamination & Decommissioning
Dosimetry
Environmental Monitoring
Cameras for Extreme Environments
Instrumentation & Control
Military (CBRN) & Homeland Security
Portable Radiation Measurement
Radiation Monitoring Systems
Spectroscopy & Counting Labs
Waste Management
Other
What is the nature of your inquiry?
General Inquiry
Technical Support
Message/Comments
Mirion is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, and we’ll only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you requested from us. From time to time, we would like to contact you about our products and services, as well as other content that may be of interest to you. If you consent to us contacting you for this purpose, please tick below to say how you would like us to contact you:
I agree to receive other communications from Mirion.
By checking this box you agree that we may store and process your information for the specific request(s) that prompted you to fill out your contact information.
I agree to allow Mirion to store and use my personal data.
You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information on how to unsubscribe, our privacy practices, and how we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, please review our Privacy Policy.
Denotes Required Fields
Submit
Thanks for your submission!
We‘ll be in touch as soon as possible.
Close
Sorry, something went wrong.
There was a problem with you form submission. Please try again later, or contact us by phone or email.
Close
The EEA/CH Supplemental Website Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy
1. SCOPE OF NOTICE
European Union Regulation 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data ("GDPR") and other local European laws, require us to provide additional and different information about our data processing practices to data subjects in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). If you are accessing our Site from a Member State of the EEA or Switzerland, this EEA/CH Supplemental Privacy Notice applies to you in addition to portions of our General Website Privacy Policy, as permitted by applicable law.
2. TYPES OF DATA AND COLLECTION METHODS
Through the Site, we receive data that you actively submit as well as data that we track when you request information, respond to an online survey, or otherwise actively send us data, we usually collect data such as your name, email address(es), mailing address(es), telephone number(s), and certain information related to the business you represent. In each such instance, you will know what data we collect through the Site, because you actively submit it. We also collect data through cookies, tags, and other tracking technologies (collectively, "cookies") for both essential and non-essential purposes. Please see our Cookie Policy below for further information.
3. COLLECTION PURPOSES, USE OF DATA
We collect actively submitted data for two purposes: firstly, for the purpose for which you originally sent us the data (e.g., to send information to you); and secondly, for purposes of informing you about products, services and events; you can opt-out of receiving marketing emails as explained below. We collect passively tracked data, like cookies, for purposes of administering, protecting and improving our Site and our systems, to better understand the preferences of our Site visitors, to identify server problems, to compile aggregated statistics about Site usage, and to help personalize your experience of our Site.
4. LEGAL BASES FOR PROCESSING
We process your personal data on several different legal bases, as follows:
1. Based on necessity to perform contracts with you - we need to process your personal data to ensure products and services you use are working as they should, answer questions and requests from you, and provide customer support.
2. Based on legitimate interests - we process personal data from you for security and safety; to detect and prevent fraud; to protect and defend the rights or property of others, or our own rights and interests; we consider your privacy interests in this regard and redact personal information to the largest extent practicable to avoid affecting your privacy rights.
3. Based on compliance with legal obligations - we need to process your personal data to comply with relevant laws, regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests, court orders, and legal process;
4. Based on your consent for direct marketing communications - you can unsubscribe at any time by following the Opt-Out procedure described in the General Website Privacy Policy.
5. YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
You have the right to be informed of whether we are processing your personal data, and to request a copy of the personal data that we have about you. You also have a right to access, correct, delete, or object, upon verified request and free of charge, to our use of your information, to the extent required by law, by contacting us at privacy@mirion.com. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
If you have provided consent for non-essential cookies, direct marketing emails or other data processing, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Use of our services is purely voluntary and you do not need to provide personal data, but without certain personal data, you will not be able to fully use our services. Nevertheless, you can use our services without consenting to non-essential cookies or direct marketing emails; the only consequence is that our services will be less communicated and you may miss out on attractive promotions and news about our products.
We do not use automated decision-making, including profiling, as referred to in Article 22(1) of the GDPR, that is, in a way that produces legal effects concerning you or significantly affects you.
6. DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL DATA
We share your information with our affiliates. We also share your information with our agents and service providers who use the data only on our behalf and for our purposes under data protection agreements. We share your personal data as required by law or in the interest of protecting or exercising our or others’ legal rights, e.g., in connection with requests from law enforcement officials and in connection with court proceedings. We share or transfer your information in connection with a prospective or actual sale, merger, transfer or other reorganization of all or parts of our business. Also, we reserve the right to fully use and disclose any information collected via the Site that cannot be linked to an identifiable individual.
7. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
We, and our service providers, maintain databases around the world and store your information in locations outside of your home country, including the United States. We provide appropriate protections for cross-border transfers as required by law for international data transfers, including for information transferred to third parties. With respect to such transfers from the EEA to the United States and other non-EEA jurisdictions, we implement data processing agreements and data transfer agreements that include standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission. Such data processing agreements are available upon request by contacting privacy@mirion.com.
8. DATA RETENTION
We retain your information only as long as needed to provide our services and for legitimate business purposes, unless we are required by law or regulation or for litigation and regulatory investigations to keep it for longer periods of time.
9. COOKIE POLICY
What are cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive to improve your user experience. When you visit the Site, we passively track information on your computer and Internet connection, such as the IP address of your computer and/or Internet service provider, the date and time you access our websites, the Internet address of websites from which you link to our Site, the computer technology you are using and your movements and preferences on our Site. This enables the Site to "remember" you – either for the duration of your visit (using a "session cookie") or for return visits (using a "persistent cookie").
How do we use cookies?
Cookies on our Site are used for a host of different purposes, but generally speaking their use breaks down into the following categories:
a) Strictly Necessary Cookies: These are required for the operation of our Site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas.
b) Analytical/Performance Cookies: These allow us to recognize and count the number of users of our Site and see how such users navigate through our Site. This helps to improve how our Site works, for example, by ensuring that users can find what they are looking for easily.
c) Functional Cookies: These improve the functional performance of our Site and make it easier for you to use. For example, cookies are used to remember that you have previously visited the Site and asked to remain logged into it.
d) Targeting Cookies: These record your visit to our Site, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed to recognize you as a previous visitor and to track your activity on the Site.
What cookies do we use?
The following table lists the cookies used on our Site:
Cookie / Technology Type andName
Source
Category
Purpose and Function
Cookie Duration After it is Loaded
PHPSESSID
Local
Necessary/Functional
Tracking
_hstc
Hubspot
Hubspot Analytics
Targeting
2 years
_hssrc
Hubspot
Hubspot Analytics
Targeting
30 min
_hssc
Hubspot
Hubspot Analytics
Targeting
30 min
hubspotutk
Hubspot
Necessary/Functional
Analytics
10 years
_cfduid
CloudFlare
Analytical
Identifies trusted web traffic
5 years
_utmt
Google Analytics
Analytical
Used to throttle request rate.
10 Minutes
_utma
Google Analytics
Analytical/Targeting
Used to distinguish users and sessions.
2 years
_utmb
Google Analytics
Analytical/Targeting
Used to determine new sessions/visits
30 minutes
_utmc
Google Analytics
Analytical/Targeting
Determines whether the user was in a new session/visit.
End of session
What are your options if you do not want cookies on your computer?
You do not need to have non-essential cookies turned on to visit our Site. You can refuse cookies by configuring your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, thereby giving you a chance to decide whether to accept it or not. Further, you have the option to block all cookies. Please note, however that if you refuse or otherwise block essential cookies you will not be able to use all of the functionality of the Site.
Combinations: Unless you also actively submit personal information such as your name or address, passively tracked data does not typically allow us to identify you personally (even though it can theoretically be done, we do not have the means or an interest to find out who you are, unless you identify yourself voluntarily through an active submission of data). To the extent permitted by applicable law, we reserve the right to combine passively tracked data with personal data that you actively submit.
10. CONTACT US
Please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions, complaints or suggestions you might have regarding this Privacy Policy. You may send us an email at privacy@mirion.comor write to us at Attn: Privacy Group, 3000 Executive Parkway, Suite 222, San Ramon, CA 94583 USA.
You accept web cookies by clicking on “Accept and Close” or clicking elsewhere on this website; see our Cookie Policy
Here for more information
Accept and Close