http://www.arabic-translations.com/legal.html
Legal Notice
In compliance with Article 10 of Spanish Law 34/2002 of 11 July on Information Society Services and e-Commerce (LSSICE), shown below is the information relating to the owner of http://www.arabic-translations.com.
A)
IDENTIFICATION
The company LinguaVox S.L. is the holder of this website and has its head office at Santa Eulalia, No. 6-1º
izqda, 48980 Santurtzi, Vizcaya, Spain. It is registered in the Vizcaya Company Register in Volume 3,980, Book 0, Folio 54, Section 8, Sheet BI-29582. Its company tax code (CIF) is B95126009 (ES-B95126009). LinguaVox S.L. is a company which provides translation services.
Contact data: e-mail address: translations@linguavox.net.
Telephone: +34 944 936508
The http://www.arabic-translations.com website is informative in nature, open and available to the public in general, be they individuals, companies, customers or translators and interpreters.
RESPONSIBILITY
The users and visitors to the website are responsible for the truthfulness of the data which they send and administer through the system. The user will need to have the material means, systems, communication network, machines and equipment necessary for correct system operation. Both the user and LinguaVox will adopt all the necessary security means appropriate to the technology and market situation in order not to introduce any type of contaminating code or virus to the system.
Notwithstanding the above, LinguaVox will not be held responsible for any damages and harm to the user or third parties in relation to:
Incorrect operation of the website, as well as the lack of adaptation of the website for a specific purpose anticipated by the users.
The presence of contaminating code or viruses or the presence of other elements which could cause changes to the users' computer system or files.
Damages which may be caused as a consequence of third party contents included in the http://www.arabic-translations.com website.
The users are responsible for the compliance with these obligations of their employees, representatives and agents, where these exist.
Privacy Policy
All written contents, images and graphic designs and video and audio files,
where such exist, which make up the site are the intellectual property of
LinguaVox, S.L. and their respective authors. Some editorial content and news
may have been taken from different sources, after receiving authorisation from
their respective authors, maintaining the authors' right and always giving them
the corresponding credit. All the http://www.arabic-translations.com website's
external links or hyperlinks are the property and responsibility of their
respective authors and, unless stated otherwise, have no direct relationship
with this website. In the case of hyperlinks to other LinguaVox, S.L. websites,
ownership of these will be indicated in the "Legal notice" or "Privacy policy"
for the corresponding domains.
LinguaVox, S.L., in the interests of
maintaining the privacy of the data to which it has access in the carrying out
of its professional activities, in compliance with that laid down in Spanish
Organic Law 15/1999 of 13 December on the Protection of Data of a Personal
Nature (LOPD), informs its users that:
They agree unequivocally with the inclusion of their data of a personal
nature in the file belonging to LinguaVox, S.L., with its head office at Santa
Eulalia, No. 6-1º izqda, 48980 Santurtzi, Vizcaya, Spain. This file is entered
in the Spanish General Data Protection Register and has the code assigned by
this body.
The purpose of this file is to provide information on the services supplied
by LinguaVox, S.L. In the case that the collected data is to be used for a
purpose other than that for which they were asked for or collected, it will be
necessary to request the prior consent of those involved.
The confidentiality of all data supplied is guaranteed by means of the
adoption of the technical and organisational measures necessary for the security
and integrity of the data, as well as to prevent their alteration, loss,
handling or unauthorised access.
The user may exercise his or her rights to opposition, access, correction and
deletion, in compliance with the legislation in force, by means of communication
by post sent to the address indicated above, or by e-mail to the e-mail address
also stated above. The user will need to include his or her name, surname,
address and to specify their request in this communication.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------