http://www.rss.org.uk/policy-campaigns/policy/rss-policy-groups-get-in-touch/
Introducing the RSS
A short, two minute video introduction
Watch our video
Who we are and what we do
Our history and where to find us
View our about section
Consultants Directory
Find a professionally qualified statistical consultant
Find a consultant
President and staff
Meet our personnel
Meet our president and staff
About RSS
Home
Policy
RSS policy groups/Get in touch
< Back to Policy
In this section
Covid-19 Task Force
Working Group on Diagnostic Tests
Our Data Manifesto
Policy submissions and reports
RSS policy groups/Get in touch
Price indices and the measurement of inflation
RSS policy groups
The RSS has expert groups that focus on the Society’s policy work in specific areas:
AAAG members
Jon Forster (chair)
Mark Briers
Rhian Daniel
Theodore Kypraios
Adele Marshall
Emma McCoy
Claire Miller
Natalie Shlomo
Charles Taylor
Darren Wilkinson
The Academic Affairs Advisory Group
The Academic Affairs Advisory Group (AAAG) is a volunteer-led group with an interest in policy surrounding statistics and academia. The purpose of the group is to provide formal recognition within the RSS of statisticians working within UK universities and to give guidance and support for the Society’s activities relating to this community. It is chaired by the RSS vice-president for academic affairs. Membership is at the invitation of the chair, ideally taking into account diversity and experience of potential members, to ensure there is a breadth of expertise and backgrounds.
The group’s activities include:
Reviewing and monitoring the strength of statistics as an academic discipline in UK universities
Supporting the work of the Society and of individual fellows in liaising with Research Councils and with other learned societies
Contributing to responses to consultations and policy initiatives that may have an impact on academic statisticians
As required, advising Council on the Society’s arrangements to support academic statisticians.
For more details about AAAG please email policy@rss.org.uk.
NSAG members
Steve Penneck (chair)
Paul Allin
Giuliana Battisti
Michael Baxter
Oliver Burrows
David Caplan
Mike Hughes
Rebecca Killick
Alison Macfarlane
Guy Nason
Jia Shao
Geoff Tily
Dev Virdee
The National Statistics Advisory Group
Official statistics provide the cornerstone of the evidence needed to generate informed debate and drive good decision making. The National Statistics Advisory Group (NSAG) is a group of volunteers with a strong interest in a range of policy issues surrounding the UK's official statistics system. It helps to develop the Society's policy on official statistics on behalf of RSS Council, and in an advisory capacity to the RSS President.
NSAG has, over the years, had a significant impact on the development of official statistics in the UK. It has contributed to the RSS’s work in areas such as inflation measurement, influencing the legislation on data sharing and improving the UK Statistics Authority's 'Code of Practice on Official Statistics'. UKSA described the Society's contribution to the Code as 'excellent and very helpful'. It has also given evidence to parliament on the further development of UK’s statistical system. For more details about NSAG, please email policy@rss.org.uk.
EPAG members
Sharon Witherspoon (chair)
Stella Dudzic
Elinor Jones
Roger Porkess
Neil Sheldon
Nigel Walkey
The Education Policy Advisory Group
The work of the Education Policy Advisory Group (EPAG) seeks to influence education curricula and policy to improve the quality of the teaching, learning and assessment of statistics and data.
The EPAG provides advice and helps to formulate the Society’s consultation responses, research and policy work in statistical education. The EPAG also liaises on behalf of the Society with other key influencing organisations on education research and policy.
It holds at least one meeting each year, usually at the Society’s London office, and occasional telephone conferences as needed. To find out more, contact: policy@rss.org.uk.
News
Press releases
RSS in the news