https://www.kratomyard.com/privacy-policy/
Kratom Yard knows that how personal information and privacy is important for its users. Here this website is disclosing its privacy policies to clear all doubts about the privacy policies. We here describe what information we collect from our users and what data users can use here. Here users of this website can read that what kind of data we collect and what we do with the collected data.
What Information We Collect:
Personal Information:
We collects only non-personal identifying information from the visitor’s web browser and web server. From browser we collect this kind of information;
Language
Type of web browser
Referring website
Date & time of visit
Duration of using our website
Activity logs
This kind of information is clearly non personal identifying information that is only used to judge the nature of the user using this website. It collects some potential personal identifying information by the web servers like IP (internet protocol address). Well it is cleared that this website does not use this data to identify users and or disclose this information to someone else. This website keeps all information protected and does not disclose these details the website only disclose personal identifying information under some conditions that are mentioned below.
Congregation Personal Identifying Information:
This website use to collect personal identifying information according to nature of user interaction that urges the site to collect the personal identifying information. This website only collects the information in so far as the amount of data is required or fitting to fulfill the purpose of doing this. If visitor will refuse to share personal identifying information then website will be unable to collect these details so, it is recommended for the user to leave the website.
Website only displays personal identifying data publically if any user or visitor shares personal information in the comment section. Visitor will be responsible for sharing personal information publically and for this website is not responsible.
How To Protect Personal Identifying Information:
This website discloses visitor’s personal identifying information to its workers and affiliated persons only for business purpose under the same privacy policies. We only disclose personal identifying information and potential personal information under some conditions with laws and conditions.
Cookies And Ads:
Cookies are like string of information that our website collects from the visitor’s web browsers. Our website collects time of visit and duration of using our content, with web browsers properties. This information that visitor provides to our website with permission otherwise visitor can unable cookies setting to avoid sharing information with our website but with this drawback may be our website may not work properly.
On our website there are some ads appears for advertisement by the advertisement partner. Visitor will get ads according to interest of the user that may be set by cookies. On this website you can see online advertisement or targeted ads. This website shares Google AdSense and these ads don’t use cookies information.
Privacy Policies Updates:
Our website is continuously updating the privacy policy of the website according to the requirement. Visitors should have to read our policies or contact us to get through the changes that recently made by the website.
Search
Recent Posts
Kratom Weight Loss – Develop Healthier Eating Habits And Portion Control
Kratom Strains And Their Effects
Herbal Salvation Gives You 10% Back In Loyalty Rewards Points
Kratom Syndicate Offers Any Thing That One Ought To buy Kratom
Urban Ice Organics Offers Kratom Capsules, Powders, And CBD
Menu
#1 Kratom Vendor Buy Now