http://www.iop.org/terms-and-conditions
Terms and conditions | Institute of Physics
Skip to main content
Explore
Menu
Close
IOP | Institute of Physics
Home
About
News
Contact
Blogs
Our strategy
The IOP and diversity and inclusion
Business innovation
Support and grants
Awards
International
Publications
Governance
IOP history
Policy
Policy statements and consultation responses
Education
How to become a physics teacher
Teaching physics in higher education
Teaching physics in school and college
Support for ITE providers
School and college students
University students
Physics community
Become an IOP member
IOP membership where you are
Special interest groups
IOP Conferences
University student community
Retired members' network
Events
Resources for public engagement
Membership Code of Conduct
Information for members during COVID-19
Careers with physics
Your future with physics: A guide for young people
Professional registration for IOP members
CPD for IOP members
Explore physics
Do Try This at Home
The Moon Adventure
Physics stepping stones
Technology in our lives
Understanding our environment
Sustainable building design
Search
Log in
Member Login
Explore
IOP | Institute of Physics
Do search
Close search
Close
Explore
Microsites menu
IOP Publishing
Physics World
IOPConnect
Log in to personalise your experience and connect with IOP.
Log in
Breadcrumb
Home
Terms and conditions
Terms and conditions
Please read this document carefully. By accessing or using any part of this website, you are agreeing to be bound by all of these terms and conditions.
References to ‘IOP’ mean the Institute of Physics and/or IOP Publishing as appropriate. References to ‘this website’ are to the IOP website from which the user is linking to these terms and conditions.
Using this website
This website is maintained by IOP for personal viewing and use. For the purposes of these terms and conditions, all references to the 'user' are to any person who accesses or uses this website or any of the services provided by it, whether on their own behalf or on behalf of an organization or institution that they represent.
User responsibilities
User names and passwords are not transferable and the user must keep them strictly confidential and secure.
The user will use this website only in accordance with these terms and conditions and only for lawful purposes and in a lawful manner.
If the user submits information for display on this website then they are responsible for ensuring that it is true, accurate, complete and up to date, and for updating it whenever necessary. The user is also responsible for ensuring that no data are uploaded or submitted that are defamatory, obscene, abusive or otherwise objectionable or in breach of any applicable laws or third-party rights.
By submitting data for display on this website, the user warrants that they have taken all reasonable precautions to ensure that they are free from viruses and anything else that might have a contaminating or destructive effect on any part of this website or any other technology.
The user will make no attempt to undermine the integrity of this website or any of its content, and will not adapt or circumvent the systems in place in connection with this website nor access it other than through normal operations.
Systematic downloading of files is prohibited.
Privacy policy
IOP takes the privacy of its users very seriously and is committed to safeguarding that privacy. Refer to IOP's privacy and cookies policy for more details.
Disclaimer
The terms of IOP's disclaimer are incorporated within these terms and conditions.
Miscellaneous
Unless otherwise stated, any and all competitions offered by IOP from this website (‘competitions’) are open to anyone aged 18 or over, except for employees (and their families) of any company in the same group as IOP or anyone else connected with running competitions. As not all countries in the world accept the legality of competitions, it is the sole responsibility of each non UK based entrant to ensure that they are not breaching any laws of their country of residence by submitting an entry. IOP will not be held responsible for any entrant entering any competitions unlawfully. If in any doubt, the entrant should check with the relevant authorities in their country. All entrants must register for competitions by giving their correct name and postal address, together with their email address. By registering for competitions, users acknowledge that they have read and agree to the provisions contained in IOP’s privacy policy, as referred to in clause 8 above. All competitions will be subject to the terms and conditions as displayed on this website.
Any information submitted by the user, other than personal data that are covered by IOP's privacy policy, will be treated by IOP as non-confidential and IOP shall be entitled to reproduce, distribute and communicate that information to others without restriction and without obligation.
Without limiting its rights to seek other remedies, IOP reserves the right to change, alter or remove all or part of this website, temporarily or permanently, and without notice and without liability. This includes the right to remove offending material placed on this website by the user that IOP considers to constitute misuse of this website or to be potentially harmful to other users.
These terms and conditions are in addition to, and supplement, any other terms and conditions that the user is required to accept in order to access any of IOP's specific goods or services on this website.
IOP will use its reasonable endeavours to allow uninterrupted access to this website but access may be suspended, restricted or terminated at any time.
IOP has the right to amend these terms and conditions at any time and continued use of this website after the change will be deemed as acceptance of the changed terms and conditions. It is the responsibility of the user to check the terms and conditions frequently for changes and to discontinue use if the user is unhappy with the changes.
IOP reserves the right to prohibit access by persons to all or part of this website or the services provided on it at its sole discretion.
Each provision of these terms and conditions shall be construed separately and independently of each other and the invalidity of any one part shall not affect the validity of any other part.
English law governs these terms and conditions and the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to determine any disputes.
Contact information
If the user has any questions or comments about these terms and conditions, they should contact:
Group Legal Adviser
Institute of Physics
37 Caledonian Road
London
N1 9BU
UK
Tel: +44 (0)117 929 7481
Fax: +44 (0)117 929 4318
Email: legal@iop.org
Last updated: 22 June 2010
Footer
Environmental statement
Modern Slavery Act
Accessibility
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy and cookie policy
Terms and conditions
Jobs at the IOP
© 2020 IOP All rights reserved. The Institute is a charity registered in England and Wales (no. 293851) and Scotland (no. SC040092)Homepage and IOPConnect image © Simulating eXtreme Spacetimes (SXS) Project
Website by Catch
Manage privacy and cookies