http://www.bostonbioproducts.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Account
Home
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy at all times.
Boston BioProducts may ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified with when using our site. This information will be used accordingly with this privacy statement.
Boston BioProducts may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Please check this page once in a while to ensure that you are content with any changes. if changes are made, we will do our best to notify customers via email or an announcement clearly visible on our website.
What information do we collect?
The various forms of information we may collect include the following:
Names
Addresses
E-mail addresses
Telephone numbers
Credit / Debit cards
What is the information used for?
We require this information to help us understand your needs and provide quality service, as well as fulfilling orders.
In-house record keeping
We may need to share your information with our trading subsidiaries, service providers, associated organizations and agents for the purposes mentioned above, but will never sell or otherwise make available any of your private information with any third party for marketing purposes. (I.E. - We may provide an address you give us to our shipping carrier to obtain pricing information on shipping services, or we may provide credit card information to our processor for billing purposes).
We maintain strict security standards on the information you provide us, and regularly monitor our systems for intrusion attempts.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Upon visiting BostonBioProducts.com, we place a cookie on your computer which allows us to properly maintain your session on our website. This cookie is only used to keep you logged in, as well as track items added to the shopping cart.
Do we save Credit Card Numbers?
When any Credit Card information is provided to us, it is immediately sent to our payment processor via an encrypted channel, and immediately discarded. For identification purposes, we do save the last 4 digits of credit cards used on our website. The employees of Boston BioProducts do have access to the full credit card numbers used in any transactions.
Controlling your personal information
Boston BioProducts is committed to ensuring that your information is protected. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect and secure the information we collect online.
By providing your personal information to us including any "sensitive" personal information you consent to the collection and use of any information you provide in accordance with purposes mentioned above and this privacy statement.
You also consent to Boston BioProducts to transferring any required information, for any of the purposes mentioned above, to countries and/or jurisdictions which may not provide the same level of protection as the US. In the event of any such transfer, Boston BioProducts will, if appropriate, ensure that your information is protected properly.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you at any time.
Changes
If your personal details change, please notify us at the above address in order to help us to keep your information up to date.
Have questions?A Boston Bio expert is happy to help!Contact Us
Call 888-881-8691 or Contact Us
Sign up to receive technical advice and special offers straight to your inbox.
Sign Me Up
Oops! We could not locate your form.