https://www.sciencefestival.co.uk/privacy-policy
This website uses cookies
We use cookies on our site to provide our online booking service, analytics and other functionality. Find out more about what cookies we use and how to disable them.
Accept Cookies
Privacy Policy
Edinburgh Science’s Privacy Notice concerns the personal information the charity collects and processes. Please read our data protection policy here.
Who we are
Edinburgh Science Foundation is a registered charity (SC 003790), based at Harbourside House, 110 Commercial Street, Edinburgh EH6 6NF. The charity operates its UK Festival and education work through the company Edinburgh Science Ltd (company number 106331) and under the brand Edinburgh Science. The Data Protection Act 1998 requires every data controller who is processing personal information to register with the Information Commissioner’s Office. Our registration number as a Data Controller is Z8473068.
What information do we collect?
Edinburgh Science Ltd collects personal data from you when you create an account with us, register for a newsletter/e-newsletter, buy tickets for our events, make a donation/become a supporter - as well as from any email correspondence that you might send us.
When we ask you to provide your personal data, we will let you know why we are asking and how your data will be used by referring you to our Privacy Notice.  Personal information may include but is not limited to your name, gender, postal address, email address and a contact phone number. We only collect the personal information that is necessary to meet our business needs and to provide you with the services you have requested.
What does Edinburgh Science Ltd do with my personal information?
We collect personal data from you where there is a valid legal basis for doing so, such as to fulfil a contract with you or because you have given your consent. If you are purchasing tickets, this information is used to process the transaction and provide you with goods and services. It also allows us to notify you in case of cancellation, postponement or relocation of any events/shows/workshops.
We rely on your consent for our marketing communications. If you wish to hear from us about our Festival and Education programmes and have given us permission to contact you, we will send you information and updates on our work by your preferred channel (email / post). We may also provide you with information on our fundraising work as a charity, including requests for support. We may also send you surveys for market research purposes or events from trusted partners we feel would be of interest to you. We will only contact you if we have received your permission and you can opt out of receiving communications at any time by contacting data@scifest.co.uk or by clicking the unsubscribe button at the end of each email communication.
Who we might share your information with
We never disclose personal data to any third parties, other than data processors carrying out work on our behalf and working with us to provide a service.  This includes mailing, processing orders and card payments, email delivery and website hosting. Examples of this include our Box Office provider, Red61. We also work with a bulk email distributor – MailChimp – to send out e-newsletters to subscribers. All of our data processors have their own data security processes and protocols in place, in compliance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and GDPR.  We may share your access requirements with venue partners if you have given consent, in order to support your visit. We may also share anonymised data with GDPR compliant data companies to produce market research information. Our current list of third party data processors includes: MailChimp, Survey Monkey, WuFoo, Eventbrite, Red 61, Corner Shop PR, Pi Communications, Forth Tech, We Are Everyone, Venue Partners.
Your data is never sold or shared commercially. It is only used by Edinburgh Science Ltd.
Our employees and data processors are legally obliged to respect the confidentiality of personal data.
How long will my data be held for?
We will retain your data for as long as we have a relationship with you and/or as long as necessary for the purpose it was collected. This covers supplying services to you (or you to us) or providing you with information about the services you request.  We may also need to retain your information beyond the term of our relationship for legal and financial compliance reasons , including to evidence the relationship between us.
How can I access the information about me?
You can make a Subject Access Request for a copy of the personal data that we hold about you. We require proof of identity before we can process this, such as a driving licence. We aim to provide such information within 40 days of the request. Please send to:
The Data Protection Officer
Edinburgh Science Ltd
Harbourside House
110 Commercial Street
Edinburgh EH6 6NG
Email : data@scifest.co.uk
You may request that we correct or delete your personal information at any time by contacting data@scifest.co.uk
Lawful Basis
Edinburgh Science Ltd processes personal data under a number of lawful basis for a variety of different reasons.
Consent: We process personal data under the lawful basis of consent for our marketing newsletters, photography/videography/audio, job alerts and volunteer lists and involvement with Edinburgh Science groups, such as the Youth Consultation Group.
Legitimate Interest: We process personal data under the lawful basis of legitimate interest for friends, content suppliers, supporters and suppliers of the Science Festival, those on our invite list for special Science Festival events and those involved in the Edinburgh Science Festival Call for Ideas.
Contract: We process personal data under the lawful basis of contract when an individual or a company enters into a contractual agreement with Edinburgh Science.
Use of photographs
When a photographer commissioned by Edinburgh Science Ltd is present at any of our events, we may use the resulting images on this website and in publicity materials. Permission to use the images for promotional purposes is requested from the subjects (or their parents/carers) at the time the photographs are taken. However, if you have a valid reason why and image should not be used, please contact us at data@scifest.co.uk. You can request the removal of your image at any time by contacting data@scifest.co.uk, in which case we will endeavour to remove the image where possible. Instances where this might not be possible are on social media if the image has already been shared, or in marketing materials that have already been printed.
Children’s privacy
Many of the events and information used by Edinburgh Science Ltd may be of interest to children and young people. Children under the age of 14 should request permission from a parent, guardian or teacher before making any type of online enquiry.
Our website
As many of our customers buy tickets online, our website has security measures in place to protect the information you provide us. We conform to the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard and use SSL (Secure Sockets Layer).
Our website uses cookies - small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit – in order to analyse visits, provide social media features and personalise online content.
There are three types of cookies, session, analytical and share. Session cookies provide our online booking service, allowing us to link you to the website if you are logged in. These are created temporarily and once you log-out and close the browser – ending the session – the cookies are deleted. You can choose whether or not to allow cookies using the privacy settings of your browser. However, session cookies must be enabled in order for our online service to process your bookings. The site also uses ShareThis to allow the user to share content from the website over multiple social networks. You can see more information on our cookies here.
We do use tools to monitor the effectiveness of our communications, including website and email tracking. Analytical cookies allow us to record page visits and sources so that we can measure the performance of our site. We use a service called Google Analytics and more details can be found at www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy.
We also analyse when an e-newsletter is opened and what links contained in that email are clicked. All of this data is used in an aggregated and anonymised form to monitor, for example, opening rates (as a percentage) or the number of visitors to the website.
GDPR Statement
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaces the current Data Protection Act and becomes effective from 25.5.18. It includes a number of rights for individuals, including:
The right to be informed about how we collect and process data
The right to request to see full details of the personal information held
The right to ask us to stop processing your personal information and delete data
The right to withdraw consent at any time
The right to correct personal data if you feel it is inaccurate or incomplete
Please read our data protection policy here.
What do we do if there’s a data breach?
Edinburgh Science Ltd and its data processors review the security of all data. If we are made aware of a breach of data, Edinburgh Science Ltd will inform the Information Commissioner’s Office and, if required, inform the data subject.
Privacy Policy first updated 8 May 2018. Last updated 1 June 2018.
Download for the EdSciFest Data Protection Policy
Keep up to date with all things Edinburgh Science
Subscribe to our mailing list
Subscribe
* indicates required
Email Address *
First Name *
Last Name *
Marketing Permissions
Edinburgh Science will use the information you provide to send you our newsletter. Please tick the below box to confirm you want to receive our newsletter.
Email
You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us, or by contacting us at data@scifest.co.uk.
We will treat your information with respect. Please read our privacy policy found on our website. By clicking below, you agree that we may process your
information in accordance with these terms.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for
processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
Contact us
0131 553 0320
marketing@scifest.co.uk
General enquiry
Reason?
Name
Email
Contact number
Enquiry
Connect with us
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
About Us
Contact us
© 2020 Edinburgh Science