https://www.trumpeterswansociety.org/how-to-help/adopt-a-swan/
Skip to main content
Who We Are
Mission & History
Origins of the Society
Board & Staff
Contact Us
Financial Statements
What we do
North America Swan Populations
Continent-wide
Pacific Coast Population
Rocky Mountain Population
Interior Population
Restoration & Management
Swan Health
Trumpeter Watch
Report a Swan
Education & Research Projects
Current Research Projects
TTSS Swan Conferences
Outreach & Advocacy
Swan Information
Identification and Behavior
Adult Voice, Head and Bill
Juvenile Swan Identification
Similar Species and Hybrids
Swan Behavior
Family Bonds
Flight
FAQs
Threats to Trumpeter Swans
Swan Library & Links
Swan Library
Swan Range Maps
Swan Restoration Stories, Odds & Ends
TTSS Swan Conference Abstracts
Swan Links
Swan Links - General Information
Swan Links- United States
Swan Links- Canada
Swan Links- International
Swan Events
Resources for Teachers
How To Help
Donate
Year-end Gift
Membership
Fund a Swan Sighting
Adopt A Swan
Amazon Smile
Gift Shop
North American Swan Fund
Pick a Project
Planned Giving
Stock Gifts
News
Sign up for Enews
Blog
Current TTSS Blog
Blog Archive
News and Notes Archive
2020 News and Notes
2019 News and Notes
Swan Stories
Trumpetings Newsletters
Adopt A Swan
Donate
Year-end Gift
Membership
Fund a Swan Sighting
Adopt A Swan
Amazon Smile
Gift Shop
North American Swan Fund
Pick a Project
Planned Giving
Stock Gifts
Why Adopt a Swan?Trumpeter Swans have returned to about one third of their historic range, thanks to the restoration efforts of states and provinces and people just like you!
Yet they still face significant threats. In the west, there is a growing scarcity of winter habitat. There are low reproductive rates in the U.S. Rocky Mountain Population.
Across North America, powerline collisions and lead poisoning continue to be serious threats to swan health and survival. Wetland nesting and winter habitat continue to face threats.
Your Adopt a Swan donation protects habitat and helps swans stay safe and healthy!
Students make a difference!
Is your class looking to help swans?
Second Grade classes at a school in Quincy, Massachusetts, held a fundraiser to help the swans. After reading the wonderful book, The Trumpet of the Swan by E. B. White, the students did research about the Trumpeter Swan and learned about the serious problem of lead poisoning. The students wanted to turn their concern into action!
They first educated the entire school body to the plight of the swans and then held a fundraiser where Origami swans, Trumpeter Swan bookmarks and other items priced at 30 cents or less were sold. A total of $103.33 was raised and then contributed to TTSS for the Adopt A Swan program. We think it is wonderful that the young people and their teachers took action to help the Trumpeters that face such a serious threat. A hearty thank you to all!
Photograph by Kimberly Stevenson
Adopt a SwanYour Adopt a Swan donation protects habitat and helps swans stay safe and healthy!
Swan "adoptions" are symbolic. Your gift will be used for swan health and habitat issues to assure the vitality and welfare of wild Trumpeter Swans. Your gift is tax deductible as allowed by law.
Your donation of any size will make a positive difference to swan health and habitat.
An Adopt a Swan donation makes a meaningful and thoughtful gift for your favorite swan lover.
If you are a school making an Adopt a  Swan donation, we may have additional education materials for your classroom. Please contact Executive Director, Margaret Smith
As an adoptive parent at the $25 donation level or higher you will receive:
An exclusive TTSS swan fridge magnet
An exclusive TTSS adhesive car decal
A one year FREE subscription to the Trumpetings newsletter
A FREE subscription to our monthly Enewsletter
We and the swans say Thank You!
Yes! I want to Adopt a Swan Now!
Facebook
Powered by Firespring