https://www.consensuseconomics.com/privacypolicy/#privacy
Consensus Forecasts Global Outlook: 2020 – 2030– GDP growth and inflation forecasts at 2050
– Consumption, Production, Exchange Rates and many more variables to 2030
– Real GDP levels and government budget deficit analysis
– An examination of population trends with projections
DetailsOrderPolls on Topical IssuesWe undertake periodic special surveys on:
– Long-Term forecasts
– Quarter-by-Quarter forecasts
– Forecast Probabilities
– and many other economic-related topics.
Topical SurveysDownload SamplesSign Up for a Free Trial!– Economic forecasts from elite panels of experts.
– Up to date special surveys on topical issues.
– See how quality data can support effective business decisions.
Sign UpAsk A QuestionUse Reliable Forecasts to Make Better Investment Decisions– Compare Different Views
– Overcome the Problem of Selection
– Use Up to Date, High Frequency Data
Download SamplesOrderEnergy & Metals Forecasts– Surveys of More than 40 Commodity Experts
– Individual and Consensus Forecasts
– Futures v Consensus Price Forecasts Charts
– 20+ Years of Historical Forecast Data
More DetailsOrder
Download Samples
Data For Investors – Time Series
Recent Forecast Changes
Special Surveys
Delivery Methods
Contact Us
Payments
We accept payments in UK pounds, US dollars and euros, by cheque or bank transfer. Cheques should be made payable to “Consensus Economics Inc.” For bank transfers, please e-mail us at editors@consensuseconomics.com for our full bank account details. If the payment is for a renewal, please provide your account or invoice number. We will then invoice you. If you have any questions about our current pricing, please consult our order page or telephone us here in London.
Consensus Economics Inc is incorporated in the United States. The company is registered for VAT in the United Kingdom and its VAT number is GB 524 7977 10.
Address Changes
If you are an existing subscriber and you wish to change the postal or e-mail address for your subscription, please email or fax a change of address request to us, indicating the name of the publication, the name and address of the current subscriber and the changes you wish to make. Please note that, as other individuals within your organisation may also have subscriptions to the same publication, simply indicating the company name may not be enough to allow us to identify your record correctly.
Multi-User Agreements
Many of our subscribers receive our publications or data as single users. Others, who wish to share our economic forecast data with broader teams of people, prefer to enter into multi-user license agreements with us. Please let us know if you would like us to tailor a multi-user agreement to fit your management requirements.
Privacy Policies
Consensus Economics Inc. (CE) collects economic data, forecasts and other information which it combines into various media, publications and data formats, which it then provides to subscribing clients, contributing panellists, prospective clients, those who have registered on its website, and to others (collectively “Users”). The information and data which CE publishes is © Copyright Consensus Economics Inc and a notice to that effect appears on its publications and data files.
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
In order to provide carefully selected portions of this wide array of information to selected Users, CE maintains detailed lists, including personal and other information provided by clients, panellists, website registrants and others among our Users. This personal information often includes name, postal address, title, email address, company, information interests, subscription records, email correspondence, and records of telephone or meeting discussions.
Why Do We Maintain this Information?
This information is maintained in order to provide better services to Users. By retaining detailed information on Users’ interests and needs, we are better able to expand, develop, adapt, compile, deliver and offer information which meets more closely Users actual and potential requirements. The availability of Users’ information enables us to communicate effectively with them about our changing array of product and services.
Protecting the Information of Users
CE is committed to protecting the privacy of its subscribers, panellists, those who register on its website, and other Users. It operates policies to endeavour to ensure that their personal data is not misused, mislaid or prejudiced by CE or others. While endeavouring to protect their privacy, CE also processes information collected from them in order to provide a personalized, high-quality service. CE uses the names, addresses (including e-mail addresses), telephone and fax numbers, information interests, subscription records, of our panellists, subscribers and those who register on our website, which we keep in our electronic databases and files, principally for the purpose of communicating with them.
Right for Individual Users to Have Personal Information Erased
Under Article 17 of the GDPR individuals have the right to have personal data erased. If you would like to have your data erased you can contact us at editors@consensuseconomics.com.
Cookies Policy
CE uses a limited number of cookies on its website for the purpose of monitoring website performance and maximizing the efficiency of each browser session. CE uses cookies which enable users to navigate through the website and order sample publications and/or submit subscription orders. CE also makes use of cookies through Google analytics which assists CE in monitoring website usage patterns. CE does not use targeting advertising cookies, which track pages visited, and provide users with targeted advertising relevant to the pages visited and does not permit the use of cookies by third-party advertisers.
May 14, 2018
Publications & ServicesConsensus Forecasts™ – G7 & Western EuropeAsia Pacific Consensus Forecasts™Eastern Europe Consensus Forecasts™Latin American Consensus Forecasts™Foreign Exchange Consensus Forecasts™Energy & Metals Consensus Forecasts™Consensus Forecasts™ – USACurrent Economics – Non-Academic JournalGlobal Outlook 2020-2030Forthcoming>>Special Surveys in February include Trends in Productivity and Wages (CF and CF-USA) and Economic Policy Evaluation (LACF).In March we survey for Quarter-by-Quarter Forecasts for the G7, Western Europe and Asia Pacific economies.In April we poll for Long-Term 5-10 year forecasts for the G7, Asia Pacific, Latin American and Eastern Europe economies.The April edition of Energy & Metals Consensus Forecasts includes a Special Analysis of Seasonal Commodity Price Patterns.In June we survey for Quarter-by-Quarter Forecasts for the G7, Asia Pacific and Latin American economies. Eastern Europe quarterlies feature in May.In our July surveys, we evaluate global monetary and fiscal policy conditions and assess likely policy directions over the next 12 months.The August edition of Energy & Metals Consensus Forecasts will feature a Special Survey on Factors Affecting Commodity Prices.In September we poll for Quarter-by-Quarter Forecasts for the G7, Western Europe and Asia Pacific economies.In October we survey for Long-Term 5-10 year forecasts for the G7, Asia Pacific, Eastern Europe and Latin American economies.Our November publications focus on forecasts for Real Interest Rates and Corporate Profits, as well as Foreign Direct Investment in Asia Pacific.In December we survey for Quarter-by-Quarter Forecasts for the G7, Western Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin American economies.In January, Consensus Economics surveys panellists for their 2019 and 2020 forecasts, as well as the risks
associated with non-consensus outcomes.