http://www.atceramics.com/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Products
Products
Capacitors
Inductors
Resistive Products
Thin-Film Technologies
Filters
Products by Application
Products by Frequency Range
Technical Notes
Design Support
Tech-Select
News
Go
Login
Register
Products
View All Products
Capacitors
Complete listing of all ATC capacitor products including specification overviews with links to PDF format data sheets.
Multilayer Capacitors
Military Products
Commercial Off The Shelf
RF Power Capacitor Assemblies
Millimeter Wave Surface Mount Capacitors
Broadband Capacitors
Ultra-Broadband Capacitors
General Purpose Capacitors
HP Series High Performance Capacitors
Precision Tolerance Capacitors
Single Layer Capacitors
MOS SIngle Layer Capacitors
Inductors
Introducing ATC's New WL Series High Frequency Wire Wound Chip Inductors
WL Series Wirewound Chip Inductors
506 WLC Ultra-Broadband Inductors
506 WLS Ultra-Broadband SMT Inductors
MOL Series Multilayer Chip Inductors
Resistive Products
New high power resistive products for microwave and RF applications.
Attenuators
Resistors
Terminations
Custom Products
NEW Ultra-Broadband Resistors
Wire Bond Resistors
High Value Resistors
RF/Microwave Attenuator
Design Kits
Design Kits Catalog
Thin Film Technologies
Complete listing of all ATC capacitor products including specification overviews with links to PDF format data sheets.
Engineered Thin Film Solutions
MOS Single Layer Capacitors
NEW Ultra-Broadband Resistors
Wire Bond Resistors
High Value Resistors
RC Equalizer Network
TL MIM Capacitor
Q-Bridge Thermal Conductor
RF / Microwave Attenuators
1206 HIgh Performance Thin Film Low Pass Filter
2816 LPF Series
Filters
Thin Film Filters
Products By Application
ATC's product offerings grouped by application category.
RF Microwave - Ultra-low ESR Capacitors
RF Microwave - Porcelain MLCs
RF Microwave - NPO (Minimum Drift) MLCs
RF Microwave Power MLCs
HF/VHF/UHF RF Microwave Power MLCs
High Capacitance MLCs
Microwave/Millimeter-wave Capacitors
Broadband Capacitors
Laser and Fiber Optics
Military Products
Commercial Off The Shelf
Circuits and Interconnects
RF/Microwave Inductors
High Power Resistive Products
Products by Frequency Range
View Applications
ATC Privacy Policy
SPECIALTY RF / MICROWAVE / MILLIMETER-WAVE COMPONENT SOLUTIONS
ATC Website Privacy PolicyEffective Date: 7/12/17American Technical Ceramics Corporation and its affiliates (“ATC”, “we”, “our” or “us”) are dedicated to protecting the privacy of the consumers of their products and services. ATC wants to provide a safe and secure environment for consumers. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you, as a visitor to an ATC web site, of the types of information we may gather about you, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct the information. This privacy policy applies to the www.atceramics.com web site and other internet-accessible ATC branded web sites and/or services that incorporate this policy. Our web site may contain links to other third party web sites. ATC is not responsible for the privacy policies of any or all of any linked web sites contained within the ATC web site. Once you have left our web site you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party web site.
About All ATC Web Site VisitorsATC web sites automatically gather certain usage information like the quantity and frequency of visitors to the web site and its areas. Whenever you visit or interact with our web site, we, as well as our service providers, may use assorted technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the web site is accessed and used. We refer to this information as traffic data. Traffic data may include browser type, device type used to access the web site, user browsing time, geographical data, unique number assigned to identify such device, operating system, application version, click path taken through the website, your use of features or applications on the website, and other publicly available information. This information helps us improve the website, products and services. Traffic data is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as an identifiable person, we will treat it as personal information.
Technologies we use on the website to collect traffic data may include cookies (data files placed on your computer or other devices used to access the website), mobile analytics software and pixel tags (transparent graphic image, sometimes called a web beacon or tracking beacon, placed on a web page or in an e-mail, which indicates that a page or e-mail has been viewed). The traffic data helps us determine how often our customers use different parts of the web site. This allows us to improve our site to assure that it is as appealing as we can make it for as many of you as possible. We also use this traffic data to maintain and help diagnose problems with our web site.
To learn how you may be able to reduce the number of cookies you receive from us, or delete cookies that have already been installed in your browser’s cookie folder, please refer to your browser’s help menu or other instructions related to your browser. If you do disable or opt out of receiving cookies, please be aware that some features and services on the Site may not work as intended and you may not have access to all of the services and features we may offer.
Information About You; Your ChoicesWhen you access an ATC web site you may obtain access to features, which may require you to submit personal information. Personal information is any information that identifies (directly or indirectly) a particular individual, name, address, birth date, Social Security number and financial information such as credit card numbers or bank accounts. We may ask for information about you when you sign up to use a service, subscribe to our newsletter, request samples, or when you submit an online order for a product. We may require certain information, such as: name, e-mail, shipping/billing address, telephone and fax numbers, and credit card number, in order to provide that service or product to you.
You may correct, update and delete your account with us. You may change your choices for subscriptions and newsletters. “Opt-out” instructions from all our newsletters and press material are included in each issue. You may choose whether to receive from us information about our additional products and services, about which you may be interested in. You may ask to see the personal information that ATC holds about you. To review, verify or correct such information, contact the Corporate Data Privacy Officer using the contact information set out below. Please note that any such communication must be in writing. Please be aware that, if you do not allow us to collect personal information about you, we may not be able to deliver certain products and services to you.
Use and DisclosureAll information transmitted on the ATC web site is confidential and will not be sold, licensed or given away. Personal information provided to ATC on this web site is secured by VeriSign and encrypted.
Personal information relating to individual customers, vendors or contractors or to employees of corporate customers, vendors or contractors that is collected is used and disclosed solely for ATC’s business purposes, including establishing, managing or terminating the sales or purchase relationships with ATC. Such uses include: processing payments; establishing credit or credit lines; collecting of unpaid amounts due to ATC; verifying of insurance; evaluating business reputation and competence; verifying compliance with laws and regulations; verifying compliance with ATC ethical and other policies; verifying authorization to take actions or issue orders; evaluating training and skills; and promoting sales of ATC products.
ATC may disclose such information to law enforcement, government officials, or other third parties if: (i) ATC is compelled to do so by subpoena, court order or other legal process, (ii) ATC must do so to comply with laws, statutes, rules or regulations, including credit card rules, (iii) ATC believes in good faith that the disclosure is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss or to report suspected illegal activity. ATC will only disclose Personal Data in response to such a request if ATC believes in good faith that doing so is necessary to comply with applicable law or a legal obligation to which it is bound. In addition, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar events, any information in ATC’s possession may be transferred to ATC’s successor or assign.
Your Privacy Rights: Direct MarketingWe do not share your personal information with third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Do Not Track Requests and Third-Party TrackingUnless your browser settings are configured to make your online activities and publicly available information about your online activities invisible to usage analytics tools, we do not presently have the capability to omit your information from site usage information we collect to the extent your browser only sends us a “do not track” message and does not otherwise screen you from tracking without any action on our part.
Third parties, other than our vendors (such as a web site analytics provider), do not have authorization from us to track which web sites you visited prior to and after visiting our web site. That said, we cannot control third party tracking and there may be some third party tracking that occurs without our knowledge or consent.
Notice to Residents of Countries Outside the United StatesWe are headquartered in the United States. Personal information may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, business partners, or service providers elsewhere in the world. If you are located outside of the United States, be advised that any information you provide to us will be transferred to and stored in the United States and that, by submitting information to us, you explicitly authorize its transfer and storage within the United States. We will protect the privacy and security of personal information according to this privacy policy regardless of where it is processed or stored.
ATC Web Site Privacy Policy ChangesWe may update our policy periodically. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes by either announcing the change on the web site or taking such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances, including, without limitation, posting the revised version of this policy on the web site so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone. Any changes to this policy will become effective upon posting of the revised policy. By continuing to use this web site following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. If you do not agree with the terms of this policy, as it may be amended periodically, in whole or in part, please do not continue to use the web site.
Contact UsYou may contact ATC’s Corporate Data Privacy Officer by e-mail: dataprivacyofficer@atceramics.com.
close
close
close
Item successfully added to your cart
Qty
Item
Description
Price
Total
View Cart
Checkout