https://www.soft-test.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
About Us
FAQ
Books
The Fundamentals of Mixed Signal Testing
The Fundamentals of Digital Semiconductor Testing
The Fundamentals of Memory Test Methodology
DFT and Simulation Techniques For Digital Test
Courses
Training Schedule
On-Site Training Options
DFT Fundamentals
Digital Testing Fundamentals
Mixed Signal Testing
RF Fundamentals
Memory Testing
Testing A/D Converters
Chip Testing Overview
Video Courses
On-Site Training
Online Training
Online Training-Members
Contact
Privacy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.soft-test.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
The data entered are only temporarily stored for processing the request and finally deleted.
Cookies
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Server log files
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called
Server log files that your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:
Browser type and browser version
Operating system used
Referrer URL
Hostname of the accessing computer
Server Request time
This data cannot be assigned to certain persons. Merging this data with other data sources is not done. We reserve the right to check this data retrospectively if we become aware of specific indications of illegal use.
Who we share your data with
No one.
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Contact information of the data security officer
Soft-Test Intnl. Limited
Broadwalk House
Southernhay West
Exeter
Devon
EX1 1WF
United Kingdom
Phone: +49 (89) 45150544
Email: admin@soft-test.com
Additional information
How we protect your data
Your data is backed up as best as possible by the state of the art. The data transfer as well as the storage of passwords is encrypted.
Opposition advertising mails
The use of contact data published within the framework of the imprint obligation for the transmission of advertising and information materials not expressly requested is hereby rejected. The operators of the sites expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam e-mails.
Semiconductor Training
Login for Online Training
Username
Password
Remember me
Forgot Password?
Join Us
Your Shopping CartYour cart is empty
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, otherwise please leave this website.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Password Reset
Please enter your e-mail address. You will receive a new password via e-mail.
Email: