http://www.istcorp.com/privacy-policy
Let our experts help:
Need information or have questions about our products, services, training, or pricing? We are here to help. Please fill out this form or view our office locations for regional phone contacts.
First Name
City
Last Name
Email
Phone
Country
Country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Antigua & Deps
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (Democratic Rep.)
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Fiji
Finland
France
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland Republic
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
North Korea
South Korea
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
St. Kitts & Nevis
St Lucia
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Company
Industry/Market
Industry/Market
Nuclear Power
Medical
Military
Civil Defense & Homeland Security
Laboratory & Research
Industrial & Environment
Decontamination & Decommissioning
Other
Product Application
Product Application
Contamination Monitoring & Clearance
Criticality Accident Alarm Systems
Decontamination & Decommissioning
Dosimetry
Environmental Monitoring
Cameras for Extreme Environments
Instrumentation & Control
Military (CBRN) & Homeland Security
Portable Radiation Measurement
Radiation Monitoring Systems
Spectroscopy & Counting Labs
Waste Management
Other
What is the nature of your inquiry?
General Inquiry
Technical Support
Message/Comments
Mirion is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, and we’ll only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you requested from us. From time to time, we would like to contact you about our products and services, as well as other content that may be of interest to you. If you consent to us contacting you for this purpose, please tick below to say how you would like us to contact you:
I agree to receive other communications from Mirion.
By checking this box you agree that we may store and process your information for the specific request(s) that prompted you to fill out your contact information.
I agree to allow Mirion to store and use my personal data.
You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information on how to unsubscribe, our privacy practices, and how we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, please review our Privacy Policy.
Denotes Required Fields
Submit
Thanks for your submission!
We‘ll be in touch as soon as possible.
Close
Sorry, something went wrong.
There was a problem with you form submission. Please try again later, or contact us by phone or email.
Close
Privacy Policy
General Website Privacy Policy
In this General Website Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy"), Mirion Technologies, Inc. and its affiliates, ("Mirion," "we" or "us")provides information about how we collect, use, and transfer personal data from you, a website visitor, through www.mirion.com and other websites that we operate and on which we post a direct link to this Privacy Policy (collectively the "Site").
SCOPE
This Privacy Policy covers only data collected through the Site and not any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data collection practices of other web pages to which we link or data that we collect offline or through websites that do not display a direct link to this Privacy Policy. Occasionally, we may refer to this Privacy Policy in notices related to surveys and special-purpose web pages; under such circumstances, this Privacy Policy applies as modified in the particular notice (e.g., with respect to types of data collected or purposes of collection). Some of our business units and web pages apply this Privacy Policy subject to specifically disclosed modifications, supplements or exceptions.
COLLECTION PURPOSES, USE OF DATA
We collect passively tracked data primarily for purposes of administering, protecting and improving our Site and our systems, to better understand the preferences of our Site visitors, to identify server problems, to compile aggregated statistics about Site usage, and to help personalize your experience of our Site.
We collect actively submitted data primarily for two purposes: firstly, for the purpose for which you originally sent us the data (e.g., to send information to you); and secondly, for purposes of informing you about products, services and events; you can opt-out of receiving marketing emails as explained below.
OPT-OUT
You will be provided with an automated way to opt-out of receiving further commercial emails in all marketing emails we send.
Please follow the instructions in the email you receive to unsubscribe. You can also contact us to request an opt-out at any time at privacy@mirion.com. Finally, you may also request to opt-out by calling us at: +1 (925) 543-0800, or sending us your written request by mail to:
Opt-Out/ Privacy Group
c/o Mirion Technologies, Inc.
3000 Executive Parkway, Suite 222
San Ramon, CA 94583    USA
Please note that other data recipients have their own data privacy policies, which may differ from ours and you would have to contact them separately with respect to opt-out requests.
SECURITY
Transmissions over the Internet are never 100% secure or error-free. However, we employ reasonable security procedures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. We also require that third party service providers acting on our behalf also provide such reasonable security measures.
It is your responsibility to safeguard any password and User ID you use to access the Site if any, and to notify us at privacy@mirion.com if you ever suspect that this password or User ID has been compromised. You are solely responsible for any unauthorized use of the Site conducted via your password and User ID.
CHILDREN´S PRIVACY
The Site is intended for adults only. We do not intentionally or knowingly collect personally-identifiable information from children under the age of 16 and we request that individuals under the age of 16 not submit any personal information on the Site.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (Cal. Civil Code 1798.100 - 1798.199)
With regard to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, we do not “sell” the personal information of our website users or our customers or our employees, other than providing such information to related/affiliated Mirion entities or to our third party vendors for the intended purpose of that information (such as to HR benefits processing for employees, or to shipping companies for purposes of delivering items to customers, or transmitting technical support information requested by a current customer).
Although we do not sell your personal information, if you would like to fill out a form to opt-out of us ever doing so, please click the button below.
CCPA OPT-OUT FORM
Through the Site, we receive data that you actively submit, as well as data that we track when you request information, respond to an online survey, or otherwise actively send us data.
We usually collect data such as your name, email address(es), mailing address(es), telephone number(s), and certain information related to the business you represent.
We collect actively-submitted data for two purposes: firstly, for the purpose for which you originally sent us the data (e.g., to send information to you); and secondly, for purposes of informing you about products, services and events; you can opt-out of receiving marketing emails as explained below. We collect passively tracked data, like cookies, for purposes of administering, protecting and improving our Site and our systems, to better understand the preferences of our Site visitors, to identify server problems, to compile aggregated statistics about Site usage, and to help personalize your experience of our Site
If requested, we will provide the personal information we have collected about a website user or a customer or employee in the preceding 12 months, or will delete personal information we have collected about a website user or a customer or employee where such deletion is feasible.
Such requests shall be directed to privacy@mirion.com , or by writing to Mirion at Attn: Privacy Group, 3000 Executive Parkway, Suite 222, San Ramon, CA 94583 USA, or by telephone to 1-877-516-3401.
EFFECTIVE DATE, AMENDMENTS
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date of its publication.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time and in our sole discretion. We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Privacy Policy the date it was last updated. When you visit the Site, the current version of this Privacy Policy as posted on the Site is the notice that applies, unless otherwise indicated under applicable law. We recommend that users revisit this Privacy Policy on occasion to learn of any changes.
CONTACT US
Please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions, complaints or suggestions you might have regarding this Privacy Policy. You may send us an email at privacy@mirion.comor write to us at Attn: Privacy Group, 3000 Executive Parkway, Suite 222, San Ramon, CA 94583 USA.
You accept web cookies by clicking on “Accept and Close” or clicking elsewhere on this website; see our Cookie Policy
Here for more information
Accept and Close