http://www.erlab-dfs.com/usa/747-43-legal.html
Change your country
Contact us
800 964 4434
captairsales@erlab.com
Experts in air filtration for the protection
of laboratory personnel since 1968
Inside Erlab
Erlab US
Our company, our history
Global presence
Blog
Patents
Personal data protection policy
Development
Our R&D laboratory
Professional Associations
Partners
Integrators of our technologies
Partners section
Human Resources
Careers
Markets
Flavor & Fragrance
Clinical Labs
Education
Biotech & Pharma
Industrial/R&D/QC Labs
Cannabis
Products
APPLICATIONS
Express Fume Hood, USP 800 Compliant, CVE
Increasing Volume Sample Throughput with CVE’s
Laboratory Grade Filtration
Chemical Handlings
Captair Smart ductless filtration fume hoods
Powder Weighing stations
Green Fume Hoods
NEW GreenFumeHood® 3
Green Fume Hood FAQ
GreenFumeHood Filtration Technology Case Studies
Chemical Storage
Captair Smart filtered storage cabinets
Chemtrap - Filtration for safety cabinets
Lab Air Pollution
Halo laboratory-grade air filtration system
Halo Sense lab air quality sensor
Handlings and Samples protection
Captair Bio PCR enclosures
Captair Flow clean air enclosures
Replacement filters
Captair replacement filters
Buy your filter online
Field-work protection
Portable glove bag
Services & support
Products
Erlab services
eValiQuest
eGuard APP
Installation and maintenance
Buy your filter online
Supports
Test reports
Register your product
Dealers area
Virtual laboratory
Resources
Library
Brochures
Case Studies
Certifications
Chemical listing
Chemical listing GFH
White papers
Markets
Services
Order Filters
ValiQuest
Technical Documents
Assembly instructions
Direct Connect with Apple
Direct Connect with Windows
Videos
Product assembly
Product features
Good laboratory practices
TOOLS
Savings Calculator
Buy Filters
Tweet
March 2020
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
Erlab respects your privacy and we’re committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy (“Privacy Policy”).
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit and use our website or use our mobile and desktop applications or any software, content, information, functionality, and services offered on or through our websites and mobile and desktop applications (altogether, the "Connected Offerings").
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect:
On our Connected Offerings.
In e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and our Connected Offerings.
Through any of our products for use with our Connected Offerings (“Related Products”).
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Connected Offerings or Related Products. By accessing or using our Connected Offerings or Related Products, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
2. Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may revise and update our Privacy Policy from time to time as is our sole discretion and the most current version is posted on this page. We will also update the “Last Modified” date at the top of the Privacy Policy. All changes are effective immediately for new users and, for existing users thirty (30) days after we post them and apply to all access to and use of our Connected Offerings and Related Products thereafter. We may require you to provide consent to the updated Privacy Policy in a specified manner before further use of our Connected Offerings or our Related Products is permitted.
If you do not agree to any change(s), you shall stop using our Connected Offerings or our Related Products. Otherwise, your continued use of our Connected Offerings or our Related Products constitutes your acceptance of such change(s).
3. Information we collect about you and how we collect it
We may collect several types of information from and about users of our connected offerings and related products, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, occupation, company, job title (“Personal Information”)
That is about you but individually does not identify you.
About your internet connection, the desktop computer, tablet computer, cell phone, or other electronics devices (“Devices”) you use to access our Connected Offerings, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Directly from you when you register your Related Product for use with our Connected Offerings.
Automatically as you navigate through the Connected Offerings. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies.
Automatically from Related Products that you register with Erlab.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information you provide to us.
The information we collect on or through our Connected Offerings may include:
Information that you provide to use our Connected Offerings or Related Products, such as creating an account through our Connected Offerings, including Personal Information.
In connection with a job application or inquiry, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume or curriculum vitae.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Information related to your use of our Connected Offerings or Related Products,
Data you have entered into our Connected Offerings or Related Products to perform your work.
Usage details, IP addresses and cookies and other technologies. As you navigate through and interact with our Connected Offerings, we may automatically collect certain information about your Related Products, Devices, usage and browsing actions, including:
Details of your visits to our Connected Offerings, or use of our Related Products, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Connected Offerings.
Information about your Devices and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is statistical. It helps us to improve our Connected Offerings and Related Products and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Connected Offerings according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Connected Offerings.
Track where and when products are installed and the service and testing history of the products.
Determine how customers use our products, including our Connected Offerings and Related Products.
Learn how to improve our products, including our Connected Offerings and Related Products, based on customer use and preferences.
Provide its Users with the best possible monitoring of the operation of their equipment in a constant concern for safety.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). Cookies are text files that are automatically downloaded and stored on the user’s device (computer, smartphone). Cookies include information such as user domain name, user internet provider name, user operating system name as well as date and time of logging. Cookies cannot harm the user’s device. Erlab obtains data collected by the cookies when the user visits our website. This information enables Erlab to improve our website content and user website browsing. Usually, it is possible to prevent your browser from accepting cookies by modifying the configuration of cookies of your browser. These settings are usually found in “Options” or “Preferences” menu of your browser. If you prevent your browser from accepting cookies or delete them, you will restrict functions that you are able to carry out on our website such as language settings, browser settings, etc.
Web Beacons. Pages of our Connected Offerings may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit Erlabs, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related Connected Offerings statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain Connected Offerings content and verifying system and server integrity).
Google Analytics. To help analyze how visitors use our Connected Offerings we may use Google Analytics, which places cookies on your Device to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The anonymous information generated by Google Analytics cookies about your use of our Connected Offerings is transmitted to Google. This information is processed to compile statistical reports on website activity for our Connected Offerings only. We use these reports to evaluate aggregate visitor usage so that we can optimize the content, and its marketing, to better meet your needs.
We do not collect personal Information automatically, but we may tie this information to Personal Information about you that we collect from other sources that you provide to us.
4. How we use your information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Information:
For the purpose of employment consideration if you have submitted a job application or inquiry.
To present our Connected Offerings and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or subscribe to.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and Erlab,
To notify you about changes to our Connected Offerings or any Related Products.
To facilitate the functioning of your registered Related Products.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
Such information will be maintained by Erlab for a period that is reasonably necessary for the purposes collected.
5. Disclosure of your information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy:
To our subsidiaries, affiliates and any successors, as permitted and in accordance with any applicable laws.
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an e-mail address to use the "e-mail a friend" feature of our Connected Offerings, we will transmit the contents of that e-mail and your e-mail address to the recipients.
For any other reasonable purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your Personal Information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including responding to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use or terms of sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Erlab, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Otherwise as permitted by applicable law
6. How we disclose your information
User personal data is not transferred to third-party for commercial or advertisement purposes
User personal data can be processed by Erlab companies or third-party and we require that they do so based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate security measures.
Access to personal data is strictly granted to employees, third-party and Erlab companies that need access to them in order to process those data on our behalf. Anyone with access to it is subject to strict confidentiality obligations and may be subject to disciplinary sanctions, up to and including termination of employment, in the event of a breach of their obligations.
Erlab also uses the services provided by several specialized companies (mailing, audience analysis), the list of which can be communicated to the persons concerned on request addressed to dpo@erlab.net.
7. Anti-Spam Law and Email Opt-Outs
When you submit an online form for job applications, inquiries, or registering for products and services on any of Erlab Connected Offerings, or otherwise request information, you will be asked to provide prior express consent for Erlab to send you “commercial electronic messages” (CEMs), which includes text messages, e-mail messages, etc. If you do not provide such consent, we may not be able to respond to your inquiry. You may thereafter opt-out of receiving further CEMs by sending an e-mail stating your request to opt-out to dpo@erlab.net.
8. Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers behind firewalls.
Any Personal Information you provide to Erlab when submitting an online form for job applications, inquiries, or registering for products and services at any of Erlab' Connected Offerings is maintained and accessible only by Erlab' employees, contractors and authorized sales representatives who we believe reasonably need to access that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs, unless specifically stated otherwise.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information and storage of data via the internet is not completely secure. Although we endeavor to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information transmitted to our Connected Offerings or through any Related Products. Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Connected Offerings or any Related Products.
9. International Visitors
If you are accessing our Connected Offerings from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. and Canadian laws, then please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States and/or Canada and by providing your personal data you consent to that transfer.
Canadian visitors, users and customers should be aware that we store some of their personal information in the United States, and such information is subject to the laws and lawful disclosure requirements of the jurisdiction(s) where it is stored. In addition, some of our contractors, service providers and other third parties who support our business are also located in the United States.
10. Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
By Email: dpo@erlab.net
Thank you for using our Connected Offerings and Related Products.
© Copyright 2020 Erlab. All rights reserved.
Menu
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Site map
Carreers