http://www.sfzoo.org/about/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
The San Francisco Zoo is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of its online users.
The San Francisco Zoological Society (SFZS), a private 501(c)(3) organization, operates and maintains the San Francisco Zoo website (the “Site”). The purpose of this privacy policy is to give you confidence as you visit and use the site and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. Your use of this website constitutes your acceptance of this privacy policy.
Information Collected
SFZS collects certain information that personally identifies you only when you wish to access certain services and information. These include:
• Purchasing a membership
• Purchasing Zoo admission
• Purchasing a ticket to a fee-based event
• Signing up for an educational program
• When subscribing to Animail, the SFZS e-newsletter
• When making a donation
The Site automatically recognizes visitors’ domain names and IP addresses (the number assigned to computers on the internet.) No personal information about you is revealed in this process. The Site may also gather anonymous “traffic data” that does not personally identify you for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer.
Disclosure of Information
SFZS will not disclose or share any personal information you provide with any other party without your permission, except if required to do so in accordance with a court order, subpoena, or similar legal order, or state or local law, and in the event such disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of SFZS, its users, and other third parties.
SFZS does not sell its mailing list to any organization or company. From time to time, in an effort to increase SFZS’s membership, SFZS exchanges or sells membership information – limited to names and addresses – with other selected institutions for a one-time use basis (for that institution). If you would like to opt out of these exchanges, please send us an email at membership@sfzoo.org with your name and membership information and we will remove your information from these lists.
Links
SFZS may provide links to third party websites and other websites may provide links to the Site. Third party websites operate according to their own terms of use and privacy policies. SFZS does not monitor or control such third party websites, and therefore you acknowledge and agree that SFZS is not responsible for the availability of such third party sites, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites. You further acknowledge and agree that SFZS, including the San Francisco Zoo, the City and County of San Francisco, will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use or reliance on any such content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites.
Children
SFZS is committed to protecting children’s privacy. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 14 years of age.
Changes to This Policy
SFZS may occasionally amend this policy. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use personal information, we will announce this to site visitors via a prominent announcement on this page.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, our online practices, or your dealings with the Site, please contact:
San Francisco Zoo Data Protection Officer
San Francisco Zoological Society
1 Zoo Road
San Francisco, CA 94132
info@sfzoo.org