http://www.pine-environmental.com/pages/policies
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Menu
Home
Policies
Our Policies
View Our Quality Policy
Quality
Pine's commitment is to extend our leadership position in the provision of rental equipment and associated services that meet customer expectations and legal and statutory requirements.
View Our Quality Policy
View Our Health & Safety Policy
Health & Safety
The management team of Pine recognize that our people are our key resource and that the promotion and improvement of a positive Health and Safety culture is essential to the management and success of the business
View Our Health & Safety Policy
View Our Privacy Policy
Privacy
Pine is committed to respecting an individual’s right to privacy and will take all reasonable steps to ensuring that any information received is treated responsibly and in accordance with any relevant legislation.
View Our Privacy Policy
View Our Environmental Policy
Environmental
All individuals within the company will have responsibilities and will take the necessary action to protect the environment. Pine will train and educate our employees on environmental issues that may affect their work.
View Our Environmental Policy
View Our Bribery & Corruption Policy
Bribery & Corruption
Pine prohibits the offering, giving, solicitation or the acceptance of any bribe, whether in cash or other form of inducement, in order to gain commercial, contractual or regulatory advantage for Pine, or in order to gain any personal advantage, pecuniary or otherwise, for the individual or anyone connected with the individual or for any other purpose.
View Our Bribery & Corruption Policy
View Our Cookies
Policy
Cookies Policy
Your privacy is important to Pine. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Pine collects, and the ways in which Pine uses that personal information.
View Our Cookies
Policy
Who We Are
Pine is the leading provider of rental equipment in the nation for Environmental Monitoring Equipment, Sampling and Safety Supplies, Non-Destructive Testing and Visual Inspection Instruments, as well as Continuous Emissions Monitoring (CEMS) Equipment and EPA Protocol Gases.
Read More
Employment Opportunities
An exceptional company requires an exceptional team, and that is who we are at Pine. To deliver legendary service and support to our customers requires a variety of skills and expertise in key roles throughout the organization.
Read More
Receive Product Updates
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
We have detected your location to be from Canada, would you like to go to our Canadian Store?
No, keep me here.
Yes, take me to the Canadian website