http://www.ezeebike.ca/privacy/
Home
Electric Bikes
Cadence
Carro
Forte
Forza
Liv
Quando
Sprint GTS
Sprint LDS
Street (Chopper)
Torq
eZee Kits
Electric Bike Info
Book a Test Ride
About eZee Bike
Locate a Dealer
Contact
Dealer Information
Blog
Privacy Policy
First the Simple No Nonsense Version
(The version we wrote)
We
are not in the business of reselling our customer information, spying
on you, or playing nasty tricks
we want to keep your information
private and we want to comply with all the privacy laws that we are
subject to. We do not employ any sinister web tools to pry into your
private life
we have better things to do.
If you have
any concerns that we are not doing everything we can to respect your
privacy, let us know and we will take prompt action to try to rectify
the situation. For the Electric Bike there is many lubricant alternatives
Thank you
eZee Bike with
forcefield fabric cleaner Canada
In addition to our Privacy Policy, we have Terms of Use for this site.
Now the full version (The version our lawyers wrote)
eZee Bike Canada, A Division of Quiet Revolutions Enterprises
Incorporated (hereinafter referred to as eZee Bike Canada) is committed
to your privacy and security.
As a visitor to www.ezeebike.ca you don't have to worry about privacy. eZee Bike Canada will never
willfully disclose individually identifying information about its
customers to any third party without first receiving that customer's
written permission.
The purpose of eZee Bike
Canada's Privacy Policy is to describe the kinds of information that
eZee Bike Canada may gather about you when you visit www.ezeebike.ca or when you otherwise contact us, how we may use that information, how we protect it and when we may disclose it.
By visiting www.ezeebike.ca, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for www.ezeebike.ca/">www.ezeebike.ca
If you have any questions or concerns about the privacy or security of your information, you may contact us at:
Quiet Revolutions Enterprises Incorporated dba eZee Bike Canada
Attention: Privacy Commissioner
1320 Cook Street
Victoria, BC
Canada
V8V 0A5
Personal and non-personal information
In order to operate www.ezeebike.ca and offer online shopping and appointment booking services to our
customers, eZee Bike Canada must collect personal information from you,
including your name, shipping address, billing address, email address,
phone number and credit card information in the course of processing
your order or when we otherwise communicate with you. This personal
information is collected from the order forms that must be completed on www.ezeebike.ca in order to make purchases and various other forms on our web site.
When
you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your
name, address and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and
notify winners.
We may also ask for some
personal information when you are booking a test drive, service
appointment, or other interaction with us.
We
may also use the information we collect to notify you about important
changes at eZee Bike Canada and special offers we think you will find
valuable.
Financial information that is
collected is used to bill you for products that you purchase. We also
may have forms for credit application which are used to extend credit
to finance the purchase of products and services. Contact and shipping
information that you provide is used to deliver your orders and order
information to you. We do not sell, rent or otherwise distribute our
customer names or addresses to third parties except in the case of
credit applications where we are sending this information to potential
financing sources with your approval..
eZee
Bike Canada may use personal account information and data collected
from you to generate statistics and internal reports to be used by eZee
Bike Canada, A Division of Quiet Revolutions Enterprises Incorporated
and its affiliates. Such statistics and reports will not contain any
information that could identify customers personally.
eZee Bike Canada, through the operation of www.ezeebike.ca eCommerce store and business to business portal, does not use the web
technology described as "Cookies" to track users. Cookies are files
that a website's servers can place in your web browser's cache to
identify a unique visitor and to track their shopping cart contents.
During the development of our shopping software, eZee Bike Canada not
to use "Cookies" in order to protect the privacy of our customers. As a
result, if a shopper visiting www.ezeebike.ca has an item in his or her shopping basket and selects an external link,
that shopper will receive a message that his or her basket will be
emptied upon leaving www.ezeebike.ca's shopping environment.
eZee
Bike Canada only collects personally identifying information from you
when you voluntarily submit it for the purposes of purchasing or
ordering a eZee Bike Canada product or when you otherwise contact us
online or by telephone. By initiating an order you are consenting to
our collection and use of your personal information for the specified
purposes listed above, subject to the additional permitted uses:
Service
Providers: eZee Bike Canada may employ the services of third party
entities and individuals to perform certain services and functions on
our behalf in connection with the operation of scooterunderground.ca,
including, without limitation, operating and maintaining
scooterunderground.ca, taking orders, delivering packages, sending
postal mail and email, analyzing data and processing credit card
payments. Such third party service providers will have access only to
that personal information about customers that is required to perform
their particular services or functions and such personal information
may not be used for any other purposes.
Lawful
Requests: eZee Bike Canada may release personal information regarding
its customers when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable
legal or regulatory requirements, investigations or governmental
requests.
Site Operation: eZee Bike
Canada reserves that right to disclose customer information if such
disclosure is necessary or appropriate to site operation or to protect
the rights or property or eZee Bike Canada.
Business
Relationships: As we continue to develop our business, eZee Bike Canada
may enter into new business relationships with corporate or other
entities. In connection with such relationships, or in connection with
the sale of substantially all of the assets of eZee Bike Canada,
customer information could be considered a transferable business asset
subject to disclosure BUT, in the event of such a transfer, customer
information will remain subject to the Privacy Policy contained herein,
as may be amended by eZee Bike Canada, A Division of Quiet Revolutions
Enterprises Incorporated from time to time.
eZee
Bike Canada, through the operation of www.ezeebike.ca, automatically
collects non-personally identifying information from you when you visit
scooterunderground.ca. This information includes your Internet Protocol
("IP") address. An IP address is the number automatically assigned to
your computer whenever you access the Internet. This number does not
identify your name, email address or other personal information. We use
your IP address to help diagnose potential problems with our server and
shopping software.
By using our Web site, you
consent to the collection and use of this information by eZee Bike
Canada. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the
changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information
we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Home
Electric Bike
Electric Bike Info
Book a Test Ride
About eZee Bike
Locate a Dealer
Contact
Blog
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
eZee Bike CanadaWeb Site Design by Sage Internet Solutions Ltd.