http://www.berkeleynucleonics.com/legal-notice
Sign InRegister
Home
Company
About Us
Management
Press Room
Webinar Library
Videos
2021 Events
Legal Notice
Careers
Products
Test and Measurement
Pulse & Delay Generators507 | 25 Amps Current Pulse Generator
508 | 6 Amps High Precision Current Pulse Generator
525 | Six Channel Portable Digital Pulse and Delay Generator
575 | 250ps Pulse and Delay Generator
577 | 20 MHz 250ps Pulse and Delay Generator
588 | 1U Rackmount 250ps Pulse and Delay Generator
588-OEM | Board Level Pulse and Delay Generator
725 | Multi-Trigger Digital Pulse and Delay Generator
745-OEM | Board Level 250fs Pulse and Delay Generator
745T | 250 Femtosecond Digital Delay Generator
745T-20C | 20-Channel Picosecond Digital Delay Generator
750 | 50 MHz 1ps Digital Pulse/Delay Generator
765 | 800 MHz Very Fast Rise Time Pulse and Delay Generator
Microwave / RF Signal Generators835 | 4GHz or
6GHz Signal Generator
845 | 12, 20, 26 GHz Signal Generator
845-OEM | Board Level 20 GHz Signal Generator
865 | 100kHz to 40GHz Signal Generator
875 | 10MHz to 40GHz Vector Signal Generator
Microwave / RF Synthesizers825-M | 8kHz to 20GHz Ultra-Agile Signal Source
845-M | 20GHz RF / Microwave Synthesizer
865-M | 40GHz RF / Microwave Synthesizer
Multi-Channel RF / Microwave Signal Sources825-M-X | 8kHz to 20GHz Fast Switching Signal Source
845R | 2 Channel 10MHz to 20 GHz Synthesizer
845-M-X | 2 Channel 20 GHz
Synthesizer
855B | 300 kHz to 42 GHz Phase Coherent Signal Generator
865-M-X | Multi-channel 40 GHz Ultra-Low Phase Noise Synthesizer
Phase Noise Testers / Signal Source Analyzers7000 Series | 7GHz, 26GHz or 40GHz Phase Noise Tester
Impedance Generator8060 | Impedance Generator
Spectrum AnalyzersS1365 | 3.6 GHz Spectrum Analyzer
Light Pulse Generators6040 Universal Pulse Generator
065 650nm CW/Optical Module
106C 1064nm CW/Pulse Optical Module
106H 1064nm High Power Optical Module
130 1310nm CW/Pulse Optical Module
155C 1550nm CW/Pulse Optical Module
155H 1550nm High Power Optical Module
201E 150ps Rise Time Module
202H 300V High Voltage Module
310H 800V High Voltage Module
NIM Instrumentation8010 100 MHz NIM Pulser
TB-4 NIM Power Supply
AP-3 NIM Power Supply
BH-1 Tail Pulse Generator
DB-2 Random Pulse Generator
PB-5 Precision Pulse Generator
Frequency Counters1105 400MHz Freq. Counter
Arbitrary Waveform Generator645 | 50MHz
Arbitrary Waveform Generator
670C | 180 MHz Arbitrary Waveform Generator
675 | 300 MHz Arbitrary Waveform Generator
676 | 600 MHz Arbitrary Waveform Generator
685 | 4 GHz Arbitrary Waveform Generator
A2085 | 80MHz
Arbitrary Waveform Generator
A2255 | 250MHz Arbitrary Waveform Generator
Oscilloscopes P2016 Handheld Digital Storage Oscilloscope
P2025 200MHz Digital Oscilloscope
P4017 100MHz USB Oscilloscope
P4025T 4 Channel Touchscreen Digital Oscilloscope
Radiation Detection
Isotope IdentifiersSAM 950 Ruggedized Isotope Identifier (RIID)
SAM 940+ (Plus) Hand-Held Radioisotope Identifier
SAM 945 Isotope Identifier
SAM 940 Handheld Isotope Identifier
RD-120 SAMpack Backpack Isotope Identifier
RD-150 Vehicle Detection System
970 Portable MCA
971 Food-SSAFE Kit
2500R Digital MCA
Radiation Detectors907 PalmRAD Survey Meter
951 NukeALERT Pager
MetRad 1 Combined Metal and Gamma Radiation Detector
PM1621M Radiation Dosimeter (GM)
PM1703GN Gamma/Neutron Pager
PM1703M Gamma Radiation Pager
PM1703MO-1 PRD/Dosimeter Pager
Custom Scintillation Detectors Scintillation Crystals and Detectors
CeBr3 - Cerium Bromide
Silicon Photomultiplier (SiPM) Readout
High Resolution Srl2(Eu) Strontium Iodide Scintillators
CLYC:Ce Gamma / Neutron Scintillators
NaI(Tl) Sodium Iodide
Compton Suppressors
BaF2 Barium Fluoride Scintillators for Fast Timing Measurements
YAP:Ce Scintillators for Fast X-Ray Spectroscopy
Online Training Scintillation Crystals and Detectors
CLLBC Scintillators High Resolution Gamma / Neutron Detectors
LBC - Lanthanum BromoChloride
SiPM Based Alpha / Beta Detector
BNC Scientific
Greenfield TechnologyFTD10000 7 GHz Transient Digitizer
GFT1004 1 ps Pulse Generator
GFT3001 Master Oscillator Transmitter
GFT4208
Digital Splitter
GFT2002 1ps Time Interval Meter
BrightSpecTopaz-HR Compact High-Resolution Digital MCA
bMCA-Ethernet
bMCA-USB
Topaz-Pico Compact Digital Multichannel Analyzer
bPAD - Compact Single Channel Analyzer
bGamma Software Package
Topaz-SiPM Miniature Multichannel Analyzer
WB Johnson DSM-502 Digital Radiation Survey Meter
DSM-501 Digital Micro-R Survey Meter
GP-1010 Gamma/Beta Hot Dog Probe
GM - GP Series Detectors
GLE-1 Low Energy Gamma Scintillator
DSM-500 Digital Radiation Survey Meter
DSM-503 Digital Radiation Meter w/ Internal Detector
DSM-506 Digital Radiation Survey Meter w/ Internal/External Detectors
DSM-525 Digital Radiation Survey Meter w/ Dual Detector
ERK-525 Emergency Response Kit Survey Meter
ERK-506 Digital Emergency Kit
ASP-2 High Frequency Alpha Detector
AM-805 Foot Monitor
AM-801 Portable Portal Monitor
HP-265 Alpha, Beta, Gamma Pancake Detector
Baltic Instruments NitroSpec Hand Held HPGe Spectrometer
StemRad360 Gamma Wearable Radiation Shield
Support
Contact Us
Support Hub
Frequently Ask Questions
RMA
RMA Form
RMA Status
International Representatives
US Manufacturer's Representatives
Obsolete Products
Get a Quote
Courses
Home
CompanyAbout Us
Management
Press Room
Webinar Library
Videos
2021 Events
Legal Notice
Careers
Products
Support
Get a Quote
Courses
Legal Notice
WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
Thank you for your interest in Berkeley Nucleonics. Please read these website terms of use ("Terms") as deemed necessary before using this website. When you visit our website and download any pdfs or other materials on this website, you agree to the following terms. Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation may revise the following terms at any time to comply with industry best practices. If you require further clarification, please contact the company at info@berkeleynucleonics.com or 800-234-7858.
Use of Site. Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation ("Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation") authorizes you to view and download the materials at this website ("Site") solely for non-commercial use within your organization to acquire, use, and support Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation products and services, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials on any copies of the materials. You may not modify the materials at this Site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose. For purposes of these Terms, any use of these materials on any other website or networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. The materials at this Site are the intellectual property and copyrighted works of Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation or a third party provider and any unauthorized use of any materials at this Site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation does not grant you any express or implied rights or licenses under any patents, trademarks, copyrights or other proprietary or intellectual property rights. All rights, title and interest not expressly granted with respect to the Site and materials are reserved. If you breach these Terms, your authorization to use this Site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials.
Use of Software. If you download software from this Site, use of the software is subject to license terms applicable to the software. You may not download or install the software until you have read and accepted the applicable license terms.
User Submissions. Any information, material or communication you transmit to or through this Site shall not be held in confidence by Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation ("Communications"). By transmitting Communications, you grant Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation an unrestricted, perpetual and irrevocable license to copy, reproduce, publish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, publicly display, perform, modify, create derivative works from, and otherwise freely use, those Communications for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. You also agree that Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques that you transmit for any purpose. You are prohibited from transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law or any third party's intellectual property rights. Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation may, but has no obligation to remove Communications that include any material it deems in its sole discretion to be abusive, defamatory, obscene, offensive, threatening, libelous, pornographic or otherwise unacceptable or that violates any third party’s intellectual property rights or these Terms. Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation, however, will have no liability related to the content of any such Communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. To the extent permitted by law, you agree to indemnify and hold Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation and its affiliates and each of their respective shareholders, directors, officers and agents, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Communications you transmit or otherwise make available through this Site, your use of this Site or violation of these Terms.
Privacy. Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation’s  Privacy applies to your use of this Site and is incorporated into these Terms by reference. Personally identifiable information that you submit to Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation will be handled in accordance with our Privacy Statement.
Links to Other Websites. Links to third party websites on this Site are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this Site. Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation has not reviewed all of these third party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content. Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Site, you do so entirely at your own risk.
Linking to This Site. You may link to this Site provided you comply with all applicable laws and the linking website does not (1) replicate Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation content; (2) create a browser or border environment around Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation content; (3) imply that Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation is endorsing it or its products; (4) misrepresent its relationship with Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation; (5) present false information about Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation products or services; (6) use the Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation logo without permission from Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation; and (7) contain content that could be construed as distasteful, offensive or controversial or that is not appropriate for all age groups.
Warranty Disclaimer. To the extent allowed by applicable mandatory law, the materials provided at this site are provided "As is" without warranties or conditions of any kind, whether oral or written, express or implied. Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation, on behalf of itself, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and suppliers specifically disclaims any implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, satisfactory quality, non-infringement, and fitness for a particular purpose. Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusions of implied warranties or conditions, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. You may have other rights that vary according to applicable mandatory law. All units ordered with custom options and/or expedited delivery are noncancellable.
Additional Disclaimers. Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the materials at this Site. Accordingly, you should confirm the accuracy and completeness of all posted information before making any decision related to any services, products, or other matters described in this Site. Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation may make changes to the materials at this Site, or to the products and prices described in them, at any time without notice. The materials at this Site may be out of date, and Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation makes no commitment to update the materials at this Site. Information published at this Site may refer to products, programs or services that are not available in your country. Consult your local Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation business contact for information regarding the products, programs, and services that may be available to you.
Limitation of Liability. In no event will Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation, its suppliers, or other third parties referenced at this site be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages of any type whatsoever (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits or revenues, loss or damage to data or business interruption) arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of this site, any websites linked to this site, or the materials or information contained at any or all such sites, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. If your use of the materials or information from this site results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of equipment or data, you assume all costs thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for damages, so the above limitation may not apply to you.
Copyright Policy/DMCA. You may not post, modify, distribute, or reproduce in any way copyrighted or other proprietary materials without obtaining the prior written consent of the copyright owner of such materials. Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation may terminate an account, deny access to this Site or a service, or terminate any user who is alleged to have infringed the copyright or proprietary rights of another.
Pursuant to Title 17 of the United States Code, Section 512, Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation has implemented procedures for receiving written notification of claimed copyright infringement and for processing such claims in accordance with the law. If you believe your copyright or other intellectual property right is being infringed by a user of a Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation website, please send a notification of the claimed infringement  to the following contact: Company President, 2955 Kerner Blvd, San Rafael CA 94901 - Ph: 415-453-9955, Fax: 415-453-9956
Your notification must: (a) contain your physical or electronic signature; (b) identify the copyrighted work or other intellectual property alleged to have been infringed; (c) identify the allegedly infringing material in a sufficiently precise manner to allow Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation to locate that material; (d) contain adequate information by which Berkeley Nucleonics Corporation can contact you (including postal address, telephone number, and email address); (e) contain a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material or other intellectual property is not authorized by the owner, the owner's agent or the law; (f) contain a statement that the information in the email is accurate; and (g) contain a statement, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright or other intellectual property right owner.
U.S. Government Rights. Any software or technical data which is downloaded from this Site for or on behalf of the United States of America, its agencies and/or instrumentalities ("U.S. Government") is subject to the following provisions. Software and technical data rights granted to the U.S. Government include only those rights customarily provided to the general public as defined in any applicable license agreement and standard technical documentation. This customary commercial license is provided in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation 12.211 (Technical Data) and 12.212 (Computer Software) and, for Department of Defense purchases, Department of Defense FAR Supplement 227.7202-3 (Rights in Commercial Computer Software or Computer Software Documentation) and 252.227-7015 (Technical Data – Commercial Items).
Applicable Laws. Your access to this Site is governed by all applicable national/federal, state and local laws. You may not use or export or re-export the materials at this Site or any copy or adaptation in violation of any applicable laws or regulations including without limitation U.S. export laws and regulations. If you choose to access this Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable national and local laws. These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of California, without giving effect to any conflict of laws provisions.
General. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this Site. In the event of any conflict, such additional or different terms, conditions, and notices will prevail over these Terms.