https://www.gexcon.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Incident Investigtaion Emergency Help
Global Site Global Site UK  Middle East  Australia  India
Search
Login/Register
Basket empty
Sectors
All Sectors
Oil & Gas
Renewables
Petrochemicals & Chemicals
Energy
Pharmaceuticals
Food & Beverage
Transportation
Mechanical Equipment Manufacturing
Products & Services
All Products & Services
Software
FLACS-CFD
FLACS-Frequency
FLACS-EFFECTS
FLACS-RISKCURVES
Shell FRED
Shell Shepherd
Shell PIPA
Coloured Books
Consulting
Process Hazard Analysis (PHA)
Process Safety & Risk Management
Regulatory Compliance
Modelling Studies
Expert Training
Hydrogen Safety Studies
Incident Investigation
Fire & Explosion Testing
Ignition Hazard Assessment for Mechanical Equipment and Protective Systems
Gas, Vapour and Liquid Explosion Properties Testing
Dust Explosion Properties Testing
Testing of Passive Fire Protection
Explosion Mitigation System Testing
Testing for Obtaining Transportation Classification
Research Projects
Testing Facilities
Courses
All Courses
Explosion Hazards Courses
FLACS-CFD
Shell FRED and Shell Shepherd
Process Safety Management Courses
FLACS-EFFECTS and FLACS-RISKCURVES
About Gexcon
About Gexcon
Why choose Gexcon
Quality Policy
Key Strategic Areas
Key Partnerships & Collaborations
Meet the Team
News & Media
Latest News
Blog
Events
Webinars
Marketing Materials
Case Studies
Gallery
Careers
Careers at Gexcon
Careers Board
Contact
Contact Us
Incident Investigation Emergency Help
Home » Privacy Policy
Who we are
Website Privacy Policy / Statement
This privacy statement applies to the processing of personal data on the website of Gexcon.com and all associated micro-sites, referred to as the “Website” within this document.
Personal data – means any information relating to an individual who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, email address, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that individual.
Processing shall mean any operation which is performed on personal data, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
Registration on the website
We collect information from you when you register on our site or run Profile Protector. When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your email address or online identity.
How do we use your information?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
• To identify threats.
• To personalize your experience.
• To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
• To process transactions. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the product or service requested.
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
• To send periodic emails. The email address you provide for order processing will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Making Purchases/Online Course Registration
You will be asked to supply certain information applicable to your transaction, including, without limitation, credit card details, your name, address and other identifying information.
When you visit the Website for informational purpose we will automatically gather and store certain information (e.g. device type, the browser used, the date and time of visit, pages visited).
How we process your data
We will process personal data provided freely by you so you are able to communicate with us, place orders or access downloadable data. Such personal data may contain your name, e-mail address, contact details, company details, country, purpose of request and order information.
Gexcon collects and uses personal data only to provide you with the services requested, to administer your contact record, as means of identification and for communication purposes.
You can object to the use of your personal data for direct marketing by unsubscribing from emails received or via the ‘Unsubscribe’ link on our website or contacting us direct.
Your personal data will be retained for as long as there is a legitimate interest and for business purposes only.
Data collected from third party sources
We may also collect personal data from third parties such as your name and contact details at trade shows or industry specific events we participate in. This is to provide you with information on products and services which may be of interest to you.
Informational e-mails / Newsletters
You can subscribe to our informational e-mails or newsletters with your email address via our website. By providing such data you consent to receiving information and news on our latest products and services as well as general company news which we may feel beneficial to you. Your email address will be retained for as long as you are subscribed or are no longer the owner of the email address.
You can unsubscribe from this service at any time by opting-out via the link provided in each informational e-mail or via the ‘Unsubscribe’ link on our website.
Recipient of your personal data
Your personal data will be disclosed to the following parties:
Within the subsidiaries of Gexcon Group (Gexcon AS, Gexcon UK, Gexcon Aberdeen, Gexcon US, Gexcon India, Gexcon Indonesia and Gexcon Middle East) The transfer of such information is sometimes necessary for the performance of a project or contract or to persue the legitimate interests of the company.
Personal data may be transferred outside of the country in which it was originally collected and may have different data protection standards than your country of residence.  We will endeavour to take reasonable measures to keep up an adequate level of data protection also when sharing your personal data with such countries.
Third party recipients
We engage with trusted third party companies and individuals who assist us in providing the services we offer through this website.
Our subcontractors will only use your personal data for the purpose of performing their contracted duties and will process your personal data only on our behalf and in compliance with our requests.
We may disclose your personal data if legally entitled or required to do so, for example if required by law or by a court order.
Retention periods
Within the principle of storage limitation, we will not keep personal data for longer than necessary.  We will strive to periodically review the data we hold.  You have the right to request erasure at any time.
How we use cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site or service provider systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Google Analytics
This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).
It allows us to tracks visitors to our pages so we can measure and improve performance of our website.
Security
We take appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect personal data by regularly reviewing our information security policies and implementing new procedures if necessary..
Data subjects’ rights
Under the new General Data Protection Regulations, you have the rights to request the following information which must be provided without undue delay and at the latest within one month:-
• Request a copy of what personal data we hold about you.
• Request that the data we hold is updated, rectified or supplemented.
• Request restrictions of how we process your data
• Request for your data to be deleted
Further information on your rights can be found at https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
Should you be concerned about the use of your data or have any questions regarding our Privacy Statement, please contact us directly and we shall be more than happy to assist.
You are currently using the:
Global Site Global Site UK  Middle East  Australia  India
Connect with us
Follow us for the latest news, information and to engage with us.
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Contact us
We look forward to hearing from you to see how we can help.
CONTACT US
E-Newsletter sign-up
You agree to our privacy policy and what we do with your information
Gexcon Makes The World a Safer Place