https://www.rubber.org/privacy-policy
Close
Membership
Membership Overview
Individual Membership
Corporate Membership
Join a Committee
Member Newsletters
Local Rubber Groups
Rubber Group Resources
Careers
Career Listings
Post a Position
Resume Listings
Post a Resume
Events
Spring Technical Meeting
Schedule of Events
Special Events
Technical Meeting
Hotel & Travel
2020 International Elastomer Conference
2021 International Elastomer Conference
Want to Exhibit?
Want to Attend?
Industry Events Calendar
Upcoming Rubber Division, ACS Events
Past Rubber Division, ACS Events
Education/Training
Education/Training Overview
Upcoming Training
Elastomer Training Center
Important Info
Online Training
Student Services
Student Outreach Program
Student Chapters
Scholarships
Student Colloquium
Rubber Band Contest
Publications/RC&T Journal
Publications
Rubber Chemistry & Technology Journal
Member Access
Subscribe
Permissions
Authors/Reviewers
Library & Research
Research Services
Technical Papers
Resources
Oral History Interviews
Awards
Awards Overview
Science & Technology Awards
Current Year Recipients
Award Descriptions & Sponsors
How to Nominate
Past Recipients
S&T Award Sponsorship
Rubber Technology Training Award
Best Paper Awards
Service Awards
Sponsorship
Sponsorship Overview
12-Month Sponsorship
Current Sponsors
Conference Sponsorship
Student Outreach Program Sponsorship
Current Sponsors
Scholarship Sponsorship
About Us
About Rubber Division, ACS
Engage With Us
Staff Information
Executive Committee
Chair's Corner
Past Division Chairs
News
Contact Us
Our Privacy Policy Statement
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of all of our website visitors.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) sets forth how we, Rubber Division, ACS, collects, uses and protects the information that you give or provide to us when you visit www.rubber.org (the “Site”). Rubber Division, ACS may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. You should check this page occasionally to see whether any changes to this Privacy Policy have been made. If changes have been made, and if you do not agree with them, you must cease use of the Site and/or not access it. Your continued access to and/or use of the Site after changes have been made to this Privacy Policy indicate your agreement to and acceptance of the changes. This Privacy Policy is effective as June 10, 2019 (“Effective Date”).
We use cookies on our website. If these cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
Rubber Division, ACS is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit www.rubber.org. When you visit the Site, we may collect personal information from you by which you can be identified, including without limitation your name, email address, and credit card information (“Personal Information”). You may visit our Site without providing Personal Information; however, if you do so, some functionality of the Site may remain unavailable to you.
Our third-party hosting company will also collect additional, non-personally-identifiable information from you (“Non-Personally-Identifiable Information”, together with Personal Information collectively referred to as “Information”), including without limitation the URL you came from, your IP address, your domain name, your browser type, the country and state where your server is located, and the pages that were viewed during your visit to our Site. All Information is kept on a secure server to protect it from disclosure to outside parties.
Personal Information Collected
Rubber Division, ACS may, without limitation, collect the following Personal Information from you when you visit our Site:
information about your device including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, and operating system
information about your visits to our website and the use of this website, including the referral source, length of visit, page views, and website navigation paths
your email address, that you enter when you register with our website
information that you enter when you create a profile on our website—for example, your name, profile pictures, gender, birthday, relationship status, interests and hobbies, educational details, and employment details
your name and email address that you enter in order to create subscriptions to our emails and/or e-newsletters
information that you enter while using the services on our website
information that is generated while using our website, including when, how often, and under what circumstances you use it
information relating to anything you purchase, services you use, or transactions you make through our website, including your name, address, telephone number and email address
information contained in any communications that you send to us by email or through our website, including its communication content and metadata
any other personal information that you send to us.
Uses of Personal Information Collected
Rubber Division, ACS collects the Personal Information set forth above to improve the website and our services offered, and to provide you with better service. In particular, we may use your Personal Information (and other Information) for the following purposes, without limitation:
administering our website and business
to customize/personalize this website based on user interests
enabling your use of the services available on our website
sending you goods and/or programs purchased through our website
supplying and/or fulfilling services purchased through our website
sending statements, invoices, and payment reminders to you, and collecting payments from you
sending you non-marketing commercial communications
sending you email notifications that you have specifically requested
sending you our email newsletter, if you have requested it (you can opt out at any time if you no longer require the newsletter);
sending you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can opt out at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
providing third parties with statistical information about our users (third parties will not be able to identify any individual user from that information);
dealing with inquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to our website;
keeping the website secure and to prevent fraud;
verifying compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of our website
sending you useful information about our programs, products and/or services
for enhancing this website’s operations
for statistical purposes
to improve our products, programs and/or services
to maintain the integrity of the information and services provided on this website
other uses.
If you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us.
Your privacy settings can be used to limit the publication of your information on our website and can be adjusted using privacy controls on the website.
Rubber Division, ACS does not sell or rent your Information to others. Except as set forth herein, and unless required by law, we will not distribute your Personal Information to third parties without your permission.
Disclosing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers, or subcontractors as may be reasonably necessary for the purposes set forth in this policy.
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies which may include our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries, as is reasonably necessary for the purposes set forth in this policy.
We may disclose your personal information:
if we are required to do so by law
in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings
to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
Except as provided in this policy, we will not provide your personal information to third parties.
Retaining Personal Information
Our data retention policies and procedure are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations regarding the retention and deletion of personal information.
Personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
We will retain documents, including electronic documents, containing personal data:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law
if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings
to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights, including, but not limited to, providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk.
Security for Personal Information
Rubber Division, ACS is committed to ensuring that your Personal Information is secure. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure of your Personal Information, we use suitable, industry-standard physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the Personal Information that we collect via the Site.
We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, or alteration of any of your personal information you have provided.
We will store all personal information you provide on our secure, password- and firewall-protected, servers.
Any and all electronic financial transactions entered into our website will be protected by encryption technology.
You acknowledge that the transmission of any information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
You are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our website confidential. We will never ask you for your password, except when you securely log in to our website.
Third party websites
This Website may contain links to other Websites. We have no control over and are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices or the content of such Websites and third parties. Upon leaving this Website, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Correcting Your Personal Information
You may request details about your Personal Information that Rubber Division, ACS holds by emailing us at gc@rubber.org. If you believe that any of your Personal Information is incorrect or incomplete, please email us at the foregoing email address to request correction. Upon receipt of your email, we will correct any of your Personal Information found to be incorrect.
Cookies
This website uses cookies. A cookie is a file containing an identifier, a string of numbers and letters, that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the web browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date. A session cookie will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. We use cookies on our website.
The names of the cookies that we use on our website and the purposes for which they are used are set out below:
a. We may use Google Analytics, Google AdWords, Bing Ads, Facebook, Twitter, CrazyEgg and Mouseflow cookies on our website to recognize a computer when a user:
visits the website
track users as they navigate the website
improve the website’s usability
analyze the use of the website
administer the website
prevent fraud and improve the security of the website
personalize the website for each user
target advertisements which may be of particular interest to specific users
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies—for example:
in Internet Explorer (version 10) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking “Tools,” “Internet Options,” “Privacy,” and then “Advanced”
in Firefox (version 24) you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools,” “Options,” “Privacy,” selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, and unticking “Accept cookies from sites”
in Chrome (version 29), you can block all cookies by accessing the “Customize and control” menu, and clicking “Settings,” “Show advanced settings,” and “Content settings,” and then selecting “Block sites from setting any data” under the “Cookies” heading.
Blocking all cookies may have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
You can delete cookies already stored on your computer—for example:
in Internet Explorer (version 10), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835 )
in Firefox (version 24), you can delete cookies by clicking “Tools,” “Options,” and “Privacy”, then selecting “Use custom settings for history”, clicking “Show Cookies,” and then clicking “Remove All Cookies”
in Chrome (version 29), you can delete all cookies by accessing the “Customize and control” menu, and clicking “Settings,” “Show advanced settings,” and “Clear browsing data,” and then selecting “Delete cookies and other site and plug-in data” before clicking “Clear browsing data.”
Deleting cookies may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
Amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. You should check this privacy policy page frequently to ensure you understand any changes to this policy. We may notify you of changes to this policy by email.
Analytics Services
Rubber Division, ACS collects information through cookies and other similar technologies. We may use third parties to provide advertisements for other websites that may be of interest to you, based on Information collected about your use of our Site and other websites. To do this, these Rubber Division, ACS and/or these third parties may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser, which may include without limitation the use of pixel tags and/or web beacons. You can choose to accept or decline cookies; most browsers automatically accept cookies unless you modify settings to decline them. However, declining to accept cookies may prevent you from taking full advantage of the Site. Further, Rubber Division, ACS does not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “do not track” instructions.
Rubber Division, ACS also uses web analytics services, which currently include without limitation Google Analytics, and Crazy Egg and Mouseflow analytics. Although we currently use the foregoing analytics services providers, Rubber Division, ACS reserves its right, within its sole discretion, to change analytics services providers, or to add additional analytics services providers, without notice to you.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies and similar technologies to track and report website traffic. The Information generated, including your shortened IP address, is transmitted to Google. This information is used to evaluate users’ use of the domain, compile statistical reports on domain activity, and provide other services related to the site and internet use. Google may also collect information about users’ use of other websites.
The information generated from Google Analytics is used only to improve the Site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Site, rather than your name or other Personal Information. We do not combine the Information collected through the use of Google Analytics with your Personal Information. Google’s ability to use and share Information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use (as amended for government websites) and the Google privacy policy, which are available at www.google.com/policies/. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser. You may also opt out of Google Analytics.
The Site uses CrazyEgg tracking to obtain information on how users are interacting with specific Rubber Division, ACS web pages. This allows Rubber Division, ACS to evaluate and, if necessary or beneficial, to modify its Site to improve value and usability. The data CrazyEgg collects includes information about how users navigate around a web page and a list of the most commonly clicked links on a specific web page. CrazyEgg does not collect Personal Information. Crazy Egg’s ability to use and share Information collected by Crazy Egg about your visits to the Site is restricted by the Crazy Egg Terms of Use and privacy policy, which are available at www.crazyegg.com/privacy. You may also opt out of CrazyEgg.
The Site also uses Mouseflow web analytics service. This service may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity, and any text you type in the Site, except text in password fields. Mouseflow does not collect Personal Information that you do not voluntarily enter the Site. Mouseflow does not track your browsing habits across other websites or text input into password fields. For more information, see Mouseflow’s privacy policy at http://mouseflow.com/privacy/. You may also opt out of Mouseflow.
Remarketing Services
This Site uses Google AdWords, Facebook, Twitter and Bing Remarketing Services to advertise on third-party websites (including the networks of Google, Facebook, Bing and Yahoo!) to previous users of our Site. This could mean that we advertise to previous users who haven’t completed a task on our Site. For example, if a user fills out the contact form but does not submit it, we would then advertise to them on a search results page, or on a site within the third-party networks. Third-party vendors, including Google, Facebook, and Bing, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s past visits to the Rubber Division, ACS Site. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and any applicable third-party privacy policies.
Rubber Division, ACS currently uses Google AdWords, Facebook, and Bing Remarketing Services as remarketing services providers. Rubber Division, ACS reserves its right, within its sole discretion, to change remarketing services providers, or to add additional remarketing services providers, without notice to you.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ads Settings page. Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
You can set preferences for how Facebook advertises to you or opt out in your browser or device settings.
You can set preferences for how Twitter advertises to you or opt out.
To opt out of Bing or another third party, you may use the NAI opt-out tool, which will allow you to opt out of targeted ads from NAI-approved member companies. The advertisers we use are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct.
This website may contain links to other websites. Rubber Division, ACS is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Upon leaving this website, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above address or phone number or contact the Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357), or electronically using the FTC Complaint Assistant.
Our Contact Information
Our postal address is:
Rubber Division, ACS
306 N. Cleveland Massillon Rd.
Commonwealth Square
Akron, OH 44333
We can be reached via email at gc@rubber.org, or you can reach us by telephone at 330-595-5531.