http://www.ecologicsystems.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
EcoLogic Systems (“Company”) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information.
We want to share with you how we treat personal information about you that we receive in connection with this website (“Website”).
Also, please bear in mind that use of this Website is governed by the Terms of Use posted on the Website. As noted in those Terms of Use, although we operate internationally, Company is a corporation organized under the laws of California.
The servers that host this Website are located in Washington, DC and San Jose CA, and any personal details you provide to us will be processed by Company in California.
Company expressly excludes any representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to the information available on this Website.
By using this Website, you agree that the laws of California, without regard to its conflict of laws principles, will govern all matters between you and Company with respect to your use of this Website.
This policy applies only to information we collect in this Website.
This policy does not apply to information that we collect offline or through any other Company websites or applications, or that you provide to or is collected by any third party.
These other websites, applications and third parties may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not use this Website.
By using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy.
Information We Collect
In general, you can visit our Website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself.
However, you should be aware that sections of this Website (including restricted portions of this Website) that allow for the submission of personal information (referred to for convenience as “Registration Pages”) contain a function for collecting various pieces of your personal information, including your name, address, email address, phone number(s), credit card or account information, company, information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services and your purchase history, and any other information that you decide to provide us with.
We only collect your personal information if you voluntarily submit the information to us for such purposes as registering for the use of certain services or restricted portions of this Website or other subscription websites operated by Company, completion of surveys, submitting applications for employment, product or service purchases, or requests for information, products, or services.
For your information, through certain technologies employed by this Website we may also collect non-personally identifiable information about you.
For more details about this type of data collection, please refer to the section below on cookies.
To protect your security and privacy, we require that you (as opposed to a third party on your behalf) enter the personal information that we collect and that the information be current, although Company disclaims any legal duty to verify the accuracy of any personal data that you provide to Company.
You are free to access the personal information we have on file by contacting our Customer Service department by email at customerservice@ecologicsystems.com.
In addition, at any time you can request that we modify or delete your personal information by sending an email to us at privacy@ecologicsystems.com with the words “UPDATE MY INFORMATION” in the subject line.
Please be aware that, to protect your security and privacy, Company may take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to making changes to your personal information.
For your information, please note that it is our practice to monitor and in some cases record calls for staff training and quality assurance purposes.
How We Use the Information We Collect and Who We Share It With
Unless otherwise specified herein, Company reserves the right to compile, save, use within the scope of our activities, and analyze any and all data about you (contact and personal data, use history, etc.) that we collect from you through the Website.
We use the personal information about you that you provide to us for our internal purposes such as responding to your requests for information or materials, contacting you, conducting internal analyses such as surveys and market research, devising market strategies, product development, processing and completing orders, processing your payment, administering your account, and administering and developing our business relationship with you or the company you represent.
We also use your personal information to communicate with you, such as, for example, to provide you with administrative communications regarding your account, newsletters, press releases, or information relating to products, offers, or programs that may be of interest to you.
Company does not sell any of your information to third parties. Further, Company has a general policy of not disclosing your personal information to third parties unless you have consented to such sharing.
However, we may share the personal information about you that you provide to us with trusted companies we have hired to provide services for us, such as product development, devising marketing strategies, sending out our newsletters, fulfilling orders you submit, or collecting and processing information on our behalf.
These companies – our vendors – are contractually bound to use personal information that we share with them only to perform the services we have hired them to provide.
Among the vendors whose services we employ may be companies that help us deliver online advertisements such as banner ads.
Other companies may collect and use information you provide to us to better understand the offers, promotions, and types of advertising that are most appealing to our customers.
After the information is collected by these third parties, it is aggregated so it is not personally identifiable or tied to you or any other user.
If you would prefer that these companies not collect your information, please email customerservice@ecologicsystems.com.
We may also share your personal information in the event that the business of Company is transferred to another entity by way of merger, sale of the company’s assets, or otherwise.
If you consent to sharing of your personal information, we may share your information with Company related entities and selected third parties so that they may provide you with or contact you regarding information and materials that may be of interest to you.
Please refer to the section below on opting in and out.
We may also collect and group demographic and preferences information, responses to surveys and other personal information that we collect from you into an aggregate, non-personally identifiable form for disclosure to our existing or potential business partners, affiliates, sponsors or other third parties.
However, please be assured that this aggregate data will in no way personally identify you or any other visitors to the Website.
From time to time, we may collect general, non-personal, statistical information about the use of the Website, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on the Website, how long they stay on that page and which hyperlinks, if any, they “click” on.
We collect this information through the use of “cookies” and other tracking technologies, which are discussed in greater detail below in the section on cookies.
We collect this information in order to determine which areas of the Website are most popular and to enhance the Website for visitors.
As with other aggregated data, we may disclose such data to our existing or potential business partners, affiliates, sponsors or other third parties, but this aggregate data will in no way personally identify you or any other visitors to the Website.
The Company may use certain Google Analytics tools on the Website and may, in the future, implement additional analytics tools, including tools developed by other third parties and by the Company itself. However, data collected as a result of our use of such tools is only used internally to enhance our users’ experience using the Website and for Company’s own internal business purposes. Such data is shared with Company’s partners and advertisers, if at all, only as aggregate information and as otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy. Also, please note that by using Ads Settings you may be able to opt-out of Google Analytics. Please contact Company if you have any specific questions regarding our use of Google Analytics or other analytics tools. We may also disclose your personal information to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, and to enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including the Terms of Use, or if we otherwise believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our customers or others..
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to privacy@ecologicsystems.com.
Children’s Information and COPPA
We do not knowingly collect personal information on children.
The content of our website and the products and services available are not intended for, or directed to, children.
If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access our website at any time or in any manner.
Use of Cookies and Web Beacons; Do-Not-Track
Please note that we may use “cookies” — a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive — to collect certain information about you and your use of our Website, such as IP addresses (the Internet access of a computer), domain names, and the type of computer and operating system being used.
We may also use cookies to identify your computer when you revisit our Website to, for example, recall your authentication information or to track statistical information related to navigation throughout the Website.
We may use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies in order to better operate the Website to enhance your experience while using the Website.
A session cookie enables certain features of the Website and our service and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Website.
If a portion of this Website requires a password, you are giving us explicit permission to use a persistent cookie, which is a small data file that is generated when, as a registered user of this Website, you enter your assigned user ID and password to access the password-protected area of the Website.
This file is stored on your computer and enables your browser to access each page that is in the password-protected area.
Our Website does not use “flash” cookies.
You may adjust your browser to refuse to accept cookies, remove cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set by editing your web browser preferences or options.
(Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu on your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.)
You do not have to accept all cookies sent to you by this Website; however, depending on the particular cookie you reject, you may not be able to use some features of this Website.
Please note that linked third-party websites may also use cookies.
We cannot control the use of cookies by these third-party websites.
For example, when you link from this Website to a third-party website, that website may have the ability to recognize that you have come from our Website by using cookies.
If you have any questions about how third-party websites use cookies, you should contact such third parties directly.
We may also employ software technology known as “web beacons” or “clear GIFs” which helps us keep track of what content on our Website is effective.
Web beacons are small graphics with a unique identifier that are used to track the online movements of Internet users.
Web beacons are embedded in the web pages you review, so they are not stored on your hard drive.
The web beacons we use do not track or collect any personally identifiable information about you and they are in no way linked to your personally identifiable information.
Currently, (i) we have not authorized other parties (e.g. third-party advertising networks and analytics providers) to collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our website or services, and (ii) we do not respond to, or take any specific action in connection with the receipt of, Do-Not-Track signals or other similar mechanisms regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.
Opting In and Out
When you submit personal information to us through the Registration Pages on this Website, you may be given an opportunity to opt in to receiving additional information from Company, Company related entities, and/or selected third parties at the time of submitting your personal information to us.
If you opt in, you may be added to our list of users who will receive promotional and marketing communications from us, our partners, and/or other third parties. If you initially opt in to receiving such communications and you later decide that you no longer want to receive them, you may opt out of receiving promotional and marketing communications from us and/or our partners and other third parties by emailing us at customerservice@ecologicsystems.com.
Links to Other Sites
For your convenience, this Website may from time to time include links to third-party sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy policies, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Company makes no representation about any third-party websites that may be accessed via links from this Website.
Security of Information and Disclosures
Company uses industry standard security measures to safeguard information concerning, and submitted by, users like you.
Despite the security measures employed by Company, you should be aware that it is impossible to guarantee absolute security with respect to information sent through the Internet.
Company will, to the extent possible, control your personal information, and, except as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties.Although we are committed to maintaining the confidentiality of your personal information, if required by law, we reserve the right to disclose such information without first obtaining your consent.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time.
If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, Company will post the new Privacy Policy on this page with a notice that the Privacy Policy has been updated for a period of thirty (30) days following any such modifications.
Therefore, you are advised to review this Privacy Policy occasionally, or at least every thirty (30) days.
Your continued use of this Website subsequent to Company’s notice of modification of this Privacy Policy shall constitute your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy. If any term or provision of this Privacy Policy shall be found to be invalid, illegal or otherwise unenforceable, such finding shall not affect the other terms or provisions of this Privacy Policy, or the whole of this Privacy Policy, but such term or provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to render such term or provision enforceable, and the rights and obligations of you and Company shall be construed and enforced accordingly, preserving to the fullest permissible extent the intent and agreements set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at privacy@ecologicsystems.com.
Effective Date: October 23, 2015