http://www.thamesrestek.co.uk/contact-us/privacy-policy
Cookies allow for a variety of features that make your visit to Restek more enjoyable.
By using this website, you agree to the use of cookies in accordance with our guidelines. For more information, see our privacy policy.AcceptPrivacy Policy
Contact us
×
Your Name:
Your Email Address:
Subject:
Message:
Cancel
Send
HomeOnline ShopShopping CartWhat's new?Contact UsReturnsPrivacy PolicyUnsubscribeSubscriptionThames Restek Technical LC SeminarsThe Restek Webinar ProgrammeAbout UsProduct LinesThermo ScientificILS SyringesRestekRxi®Raptor™Packed ColumnsRestek Premium Inlet LinersGC ColumnsForce ColumnsVici-JourTubing for ChromatographyHigh Pressure Polymeric FittingsHigh Pressure Stainless FittingsNanovolume FittingsLow Pressure FittingsFilter and Mobile Phase FiltersSafety ProductsFritsPeek and Guard ColumnsSample LoopsAccessories, Tools and Starter KitsVici-ValcoMiscellaneous ValvesFlow / Pressure ControllersCalibration Gas StandardsCheminert FittingsCheminert Injectors and ValvesDiaphragm ValvesFittingsGas PurifiersLiquid HandlingProducts for GCSelectorsSyringes and ProbesTubingVICI Valco ProductsParkerGas GeneratorsPreventative Maintenance KitsHamiltonNational ScientificSGEMacherey NagelRheodyneChromacolSGTPorterCamscoUpchurchThomsonAnalysis with Single StepTechnical ArticlesForensicsSample PreparationAir SamplingBioanalyticalClinical/ForensicsEditorialEnvironmentalFoods/FragrancesPetrochemicalPharmaceuticalGeneral InterestCataloguesSearchLogin
You are here: Home
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Restek's Privacy Policy
This policy applies to users accessing the following websites: restek.com, blog.restek.com, restekgmbh.de, it.restek.com, superchrom.it and restek.fr ("Website or Websites"), which are operated by Restek Corporation, U.S., Thames Restek UK Limited, Restek GmbH, Superchrom srl, Resrek.jp and Restek France respectively (together referred to as "Restek"), and where applicable in relation to interacting with us, whether in-person, online, by email, on the phone, or through any other means.
At Restek, we understand and respect your concerns about the privacy and security of your personal data.  We are committed to collect, use, process and store your personal data responsibly and in compliance with the applicable local data protection laws and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 ("Data Protection Laws"). We collect information for one reason – to help serve you better.
Please review this Privacy Policy carefully ("Privacy Policy"). It explains what types of information we collect, how that information is used, to whom it is disclosed, and how it is safeguarded. By interacting with us, whether in-person, on the phone, by email or online, through this website or by any other means, you agree to the collection, use and processing of your information as described in the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please navigate away from this website.
1. LEGAL INFORMATION
For the purpose of the Data Protection Laws, the data controllers are (as applicable):
Restek Corporation, a company incorporated in the USA with an office at 110 Benner Circle, Bellefonte, PA 16823;
Thames Restek UK Limited, a company incorporated in England (registration number 03387425), with its office at Unit 8-16 Ministry Wharf, Wycombe Road, Saunderton, Buckinhamshire, HP14 4HW;
Restek GmbH (company registration number HRB 6772), a company incorporated in Germany with an office at Schaberweg 23, 61348 Bad Homburg v. d. Höhe, Deutschland;
Restek France, a company incorporated in France, with an office at 7 avenue du Général de Gaulle – 91090 Lisses, and
Superchrom srl, a company incorporated in Italy with an office at Via G.Miglioli 2/A, 20063 Cernusco sul Naviglio (MI), Italia,
(together referred to as "we", "us" or "our").
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or any other requests please contact our data protection officer by phone at 01494 563377 or click here to email
2. INFORMATION COVERED BY THIS POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to all personal data that is collected, processed, used and stored by us. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, "personal data" means information or pieces of information that could identify you, directly or indirectly, such as - but not limited to -your name, address, telephone number, and email address and it could include information like your IP address or information about your shopping habits.
3. WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED?
3.1 Information you give to us
We collect personal data that you provide, such as - but not limited to - your name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card information, when you:
3.1.1 request a quote / make a purchase;
3.1.2 enrol in a loyalty, rewards, or promotional program;
3.1.3 sign up to receive e-mails or other notifications from us;
3.1.4 enter a contest or sweepstakes;
3.1.5 fill out a survey / questionnaire;
3.1.6 create a Restek account;
3.1.7 use a social media service like Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube or Twitter to communicate with us;
3.1.8 submit a request to our customer service;
3.1.9 participate in training seminars, product shows or similar events;
3.1.10 meet with us during a commercial visit;
3.1.11 visit us at trade shows or scientific conferences
In some cases, the provision of personal information by you will be a statutory or contractual requirement, or will be necessary to enter into a contract.  We will inform you whether this is the case, whether you are obliged to provide the personal information, and of the possible consequences of a failure to provide such information, where this is necessary to ensure fair and transparent processing.
4. ON WHAT LEGAL BASIS AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE IS MY DATA PROCESSED?
Whenever we process your personal data, we do so for a specific purpose on the basis of a legal justification. Processing of your personal data may be justified on one or several of the following bases:
Performance of a contract with you:
In order to manage your purchases in our online store or to perform the services you request from us such as questions addressed to our customer service team via e-mail or any other activity necessary to perform the actions / services mentioned in the section "WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED" we use in particular the following data:
Contact details: Your name, billing and shipping address and other contact details such as your telephone number and e-mail address.
Account data: Your Restek ID account and other electronic identification data such as IP address and the data you add to your account such as your password, date of birth, gender and other information you share with us.
Purchase data: Data collected by us if you purchase a product via our online shop, such as the date, amount and product type, payment status, payment method, credit card and bank account information, discount, or delivery method.
Contest data: Data provided by you while participating in a contest, sweepstake or loyalty, rewards, or promotional program as well as data regarding the date, duration and result of your participation, and data obtained through seminars, trade shows, conferences and during customer visits.
Communication data: Your requests, any complaints you might have as well as any data you share with us if we communicate with you via any method.
Legitimate interest of us or a third party:
Beyond the processing of your personal data for the performance of a contract with you we process your personal data to safeguard our or third parties legitimate interests provided such interests are not overridden by your fundamental rights or freedoms. Therefore, we process your personal data in particular for the following purposes:
Advertising and market- and opinion research purposes, provided you did not object against such use of your data (see section "WHAT RIGHTS DO I HAVE" below);
Improvement of our products and services including our website;
Consultation of and exchange of personal data with credit agencies (e.g. CreditSafe in order to receive information and to provide information to these credit agencies in respect of negative payment information and the assessment of credit and default risks (for more detailed information see section on "CREDIT SCORING AND REPORTS TO AGENCIES" below);
To prevent and investigate criminal offences (in particular fraud);
To defend or enforce legal claims;
Disclosure of your personal information in relation to the assignment of payment claims.
Your consent
As far as you provide us with your explicit, informed consent (eg. when you have consented to receive marketing e-mails from us and/or third parties we work with for certain products and services) for the processing of personal data, such consent presents the legal basis for the processing. You may withdraw your consent at any time by following the steps outlined below in the section “WHAT RIGHTS DO I HAVE”. Please note that the withdrawal of your consent has only effect for the future and does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before your withdrawal.
Compliance with a legal obligation
Any information referred to above under the section "WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED" may be used to maintain appropriate business records, to comply with lawful requests by public authorities and to comply with applicable laws and regulations or as otherwise required by law.
5. DATA WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY
5.1 When you visit the Website we may use cookies, and other technologies to collect the following data:
5.1.1 IP address, login information, browser type, location, time zone, operating system, and other technical information;
5.1.2 information about your visit, including the websites you visit before and after our Website and products you viewed; and
5.1.3 length of visits to pages on the Website, and page interaction information.
5.2 Please see the cookie section below for further information.
5.3 Emails that we send as part of our marketing programs may use web beacons and other technologies that tell us whether an email has been opened. Subject to your prior consent, we may also collect information using cookies on the Website and on other websites to understand how you interact with our advertising to make sure we’re delivering it in the most relevant way.
6.INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM OTHERS
We may receive information about you from third parties that we work with, including, for example, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies, and fraud detection providers.
7.CREDIT SCORING AND REPORTS TO AGENCIES
CREDIT SCORE INFORMATION
7.1 We receive information on your previous payment behaviour and credit score information based on mathematical and statistical procedures under (non-exclusive) usage of address data from Credit Safe.
REPORTS TO CREDIT AGENCIES
7.2 We report matured claims to credit agencies. When no performance has been made on maturity, the transfer of data is necessary to safeguard our legitimate interests or third parties' legitimate interests, and:
7.2.1 the claim is enforceable or has expressly been acknowledged; or
7.2.2 the demand for payment after it has become due has been made at least twice in writing and the debtor has been informed in due course - at the earliest with the first demand for payment - about the imminent transfer of his/her data to the credit agency and there are at least 4 weeks between the first demand for payment and the transfer and the claim for payment has not been contested; or
7.2.3 the contractual relationship which constituted the foundation for the claim can be terminated without notice from our side due to arrears and when we have informed the debtor about the imminent transfer of his/her data to the credit agency.
7.3 Apart from that, we may report non-conforming behaviour (e.g., fraudulent behaviour, abuse) to credit agencies in case this is necessary to safeguard our legitimate interests or third parties' legitimate interests and there is no reason to assume that these interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data.
7.4 Our reports are sent to the following credit agency / agencies:
Credit SafeBryn House, Caerphilly Business Park, Van Road, Caerphilly, CF83 3GR
8.WILL MY INFORMATION BE SHARED?
8.1 We do not sell or rent your personal data. We may share your personal data within the Restek group of companies, which means our subsidiaries and our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries. We may share information that you elect to make available to the public on the Website or on social media networks, including user-generated content, within the respect of this Privacy Policy.
8.2 We may also share your personal data with trusted companies that provide business support services to us (such as distribution partners, shipping, name and address verification, customer service, contest administration, mail/email distribution, fraud detection, and promotions fulfilment), companies that help us market and/or distribute our products and services, and analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of this website and/or marketing material. These companies are not authorised to use the personal data we share with them for any other purposes than those set forth in this Privacy Policy.  We may share names and addresses from our mailing list with carefully chosen marketing partners. We may also share aggregated statistical or demographic information with third parties in a manner that does not reveal personally identifiable information.
8.3 We may disclose personal information about you in order to: (a) protect the legal rights, privacy or safety of the Restek group  or our employees, agents and contractors; (b) respond to valid legal process from government or public authorities in any country in which we operate; (c) permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; (d) enforce our terms of use or the terms and conditions applicable to any contest, promotion or program; or (e) comply with the law.
8.4 As we develop our business we might sell or buy entities, subsidiaries, or businesses. There might be a reorganisation, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings) of all or any portion of the business of the Restek group. In connection with these transactions your personal information and other information we have collected as described in this Privacy Policy may be disclosed and may be among the business assets transferred as part of the transaction.
9.PERSONAL DATA TRANSFER
9.1 The data we collect may be accessed, transferred to and stored by companies established outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by personnel operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our service providers. Countries outside the EEA may not offer the same level of protection.  To protect your data we will enter into appropriate contractual arrangements with any companies we share data with outside the EEA. You will be informed of the means to obtain a copy of the safeguards securing the transfer.
9.2 These recipients outside of the EEA are:
Restek Corporation, U.S., in the United States of America.
9.3 Data likely to be transferred to such recipients are:
Name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, credit card information, and email address.
9.4 Transfer of such data outside of the EU/European Economic Area is aimed at the following purposes:
To help us provide the goods and/or services to you and to improve your customer experience online.
9.5 The following protection measures have been implemented to ensure an adequate level of protection:
The Standard Contractual Clauses (Intra Group Data Transfer Agreement) adopted by the European Commission.
You may receive an overview of third country recipients and a copy of the appropriate or suitable safeguards in place. Please use the contact details provided in the “LEGAL INFORMATION” section.
10. IS MY PERSONAL DATA SECURE?
10.1 We undertake to take all useful precautions to ensure the confidentiality and security of the processed personnel data and prevent them from alteration, corruption or access by unauthorised parties.
10.2 Restek will take reasonable steps to protect your personally identifiable information that you transmit to us and to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet transmission or data storage is ever fully secure, and Restek cannot guarantee that information transmitted via our websites or stored by us will remain confidential at all times. When we collect other information from our website users, it is stored in an area to which the general public does not have access. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to ensure that personal information is stored and treated responsibly.
10.3 Please bear in mind that, to the extent you are provided with access credentials to access portions of our websites, anyone you provide with your access credentials will also have access to your account and, possibly, to your personally identifiable information. If you use our websites, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your access credentials and for restricting access to your computer.
11. HOW LONG WILL MY DATA BE STORED?
We store your personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected, e.g. to fulfil our contract and the services connected with it. Where the personal data is no longer needed for the purpose for which they were collected, we delete your personal data with the exception of such data that we are required to retain for the purpose of contractual or statutory (e.g., taxation or commercial law) retention periods (e.g., invoices). Data that is only retained because it is subject to a retention period is restricted from processing until the period expires and will then be deleted.
12.DO YOU LINK TO OTHER SITES?
For your convenience, the Website may include links to and from other websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites please note that these websites have their own privacy and security policies which you should review. We do not accept any liability or responsibility for these other websites or their policies.
13. WHAT RIGHTS DO I HAVE?
It is important that you are able to control your personal information. You have the following statutory rights with regard to your personal data:
You can request access to your personal data, including the provision of a copy of the personal data undergoing processing (right of access according to Art. 15 GDPR);
You can ask us to update or correct any inadequate, incomplete or inaccurate data (right to rectification according to Art. 16 GDPR)
You can request erasure of your personal data (right to erasure according to Art. 17 GDPR);
You can restrict the processing of personal data (eg we may only store but not use your information while we assess your request for erasure - right to restriction according to Art. 18 GDPR);
Where processing is based on our legitimate interests including profiling / scoring for credit rating purposes as well as where we process your personal data for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object to the processing (right to object according to Art. 21 GDPR);
Where processing is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal (right to withdrawal according to Art. 7 (3) GDPR);
Where processing is based on consent or on a contract, you have the right to data portability, i.e. you can ask us to provide your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format for your use or transfer to another controller (right to data portability according to Art. 20 GDPR);
You can lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (right to lodge a complaint according to Art. 15 no. 1 (f) GDPR).
13.1 If you want to exercise any of the rights described above or you have any questions or concerns about how we treat your personal data, you may contact us as follows:
By email: click here to email
By phone: 01494 563377
By mail: Thames Restek UK Limited, Units 8/16 Ministry Wharf, Wycombe Road, Saunderton, Bucks HP14 4HW
14. DO YOU USE COOKIES?
This website may use "cookies." A "cookie" is a small file stored by your web browser to help a particular system, like ours, recognize you and the pages you visit on our websites. We built our Websites to offer numerous conveniences and useful functions—such as the shopping cart and forms that prefill—and we rely on cookies to make such things possible. The information we store in and access from cookies is not shared with vendors, advertisers, direct mail concerns, e-mail list services, etc. If you disable cookies, certain functions of the Website may not work properly or be available to you. Users of our Websites may also receive cookies from certain third-party sites that provide services to Restek and help us improve our ability to reach and serve our customers online.
15. EU CITIZENS
If you are an EU Citizen protected under the GDPR regulations or other applicable Data Protection Acts, you may be entitled to the following:
The right to access You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Restek to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing You have the right to object to Restek’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. You can make a request by email: click here to email
16. GOOGLE ANALYTICS
15.1 We employ Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, which provides us with certain aggregate and non-personally identifiable information such as age, gender, and interests; however, as stated above, we do not share cookie data with any third parties, nor do we combine the personally identifiable information you voluntarily submit to us with the non-personally identifiable information we collect through Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.
15.2 The Advertising Features collect specific visitor cookie data, such as the source, medium, and keyword used to visit the Website, and other information, such as how often users visit the Website, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Website. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve the Website. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Website, subject to your prior express approval.
15.3 Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Website, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Website is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy which can be accessed on its website.
15.4 Once you have given your consent to some Google Analytics cookies, you can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
17. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change and/or update the Privacy Policy. Should we change and/or update the Privacy, we will inform you about such changes and/or updates, by indicating the date the privacy policy was last updated as the effective date. We encourage you to visit our website and read our Privacy Policy frequently to stay informed about how we use your data.
Subscribe to receive Restek product information, technical content, and other communications via e-mail.
Unsubscribe to remove your e-mail address from our list. If you unsubscribe, Restek will stop sending you any information about webinars, new products, troubleshooting, videos, applications, and other valuable topics.
Contact Restek Web Support with any other instructions regarding communication from Restek.
Last updated: 25th November 2020.
Restek Co., Ltd., a company incorporated in Japan with an office at 3F 1-14-1 Kanda Sudacho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan 101-0041
Shopping Cart
x
Cart empty
Tweets by ThamesRestek