http://www.iol.org.uk/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Chartered Instituteof Linguists
Home
About About CIOL
CIOL AGM 2020
CIOL Representation
CIOL Governance
Our commitment to ED&I
IoLET Governance
Senior Management Team
History of CIOL
Contact
Log in
Search
Find-a-Linguist
MEMBERSHIP
Join
Apply and join CIOL today
Benefits of membership
Member fees
Rejoin
Business and Corporate Partnerships
Meet our partners
Membership grades
Find your grade
Student Affiliate
IoLET Affiliate
Career Affiliate
Associate (ACIL)
Member (MCIL)
Fellow (FCIL)
Chartered Linguist
Become a Chartered Linguist
Benefits of chartership
Chartered Linguist check
CL Audit guidance
Membership team
Already a member?
Log in
My CIOL
Renew
Upgrade
Become chartered today
Professional conduct
Code of Professional Conduct
Investigation and Conduct Procedures
Policies
Customer commitment
Appeals
QUALIFICATIONS
Our qualifications
Diploma in Translation (DipTrans)
Diploma in Public Service Interpreting (DPSI)
Diploma in Police Interpreting (DPI)
Certificate in Bilingual Skills - Police (CBS - Police)
Certificate in Languages for Business (CLB) - updated information
Exams for schools
Real Lives
Exam preparation
Preparation resources
Find a course
Regulation
Ofqual & recognition
Candidate information
Policies
Calculated Results Information Summer 2020
Adaptations of assessment 2020/21
Exam centres
Find a centre
Information for centres
TRAINING
Webinars
Online workshops
NETWORKS & EVENTS
Divisions
Business, Professions & Government Division
Interpreting Division
Translating Division
Events
All events
CIOL Online Conference 2021
David Crystal Lecture
Awards
CIOL Awards
Societies
China Networks
German Language
Hong Kong
Lincolnshire
Midlands Network
Scottish
Spanish
Gloucestershire Network
Higher Education Language Partners
Join in
Volunteer with us
NEWS & BLOGS
News & Blogs
Covid-19
News
Blog
Policies & position statements
Brexit information hub
Jobs
Jobs
Advertise a job
RESOURCES & PUBLIC POLICY
Survey Reports
The Languages Professions
Careers & Qualifications
Building bridges
Guides
Interpreting in business and corporate environments
Navigating the path
A roadmap for interpreters
Health and wellbeing guide
Preparing for a Public Service interpreting assignment
Interpreting in Zoom
Financial skills for freelancers
British Council
British Council Reports
Education
Public Policy
BEIS Call for Evidence
CSR Proposal
MAC Review of the Shortage Occupation List
Response to the Home Office review 2019
The Linguist
Our journal
The Linguist
Archive
Selected articles
Subscriptions (non-members)
Editorial Board
Advertising
Print & digital
Media pack
My CIOL
Manage your membership
My CIOL – manage your membership
My CPD
My payments (renew online)
Manage Find-a-Linguist
Upgrade
Become chartered today
Benefits
List of benefits
Membership logos & link
Digital certificate
Log in/out
Log in / register
Terms & conditions
1.1 These terms and conditions shall govern your use of our website.
1.2 By using our website, you accept these terms and conditions in full; accordingly, if you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use our website.
1.3 If you register with our website, submit any material or information to our website or use any of our website services, you will expressly agree to these terms and conditions.
1.4 Our website uses cookies; by using our website or agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our privacy notice and cookies policy.
2. Copyright notice
2.1 Copyright © 2016 Chartered Institute of Linguists.
2.2 Subject to the express provisions of these terms and conditions:
(a) we, together with our licensors, own and control all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website; and
(b) all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website are reserved.
3. Licence to use website
3.1 You may:
(a) view pages from our website in a web browser;
(b) download pages from our website for caching in a web browser;
(c) print pages from our website;
(d) stream audio and video files from our website; and
(e) use our website services by means of a web browser,subject to the other provisions of these terms and conditions.
3.2 Except as expressly permitted by Section 3.1 or the other provisions of these terms and conditions, you must not download any material from our website or save any such material to your computer.
3.3 You may only use our website for your own personal and business purposes, and you must not use our website for any other purposes.
3.4 Except as expressly permitted by these terms and conditions, you must not edit or otherwise modify any material on our website.
3.5 Unless you own or control the relevant rights in the material, you must not:
(a) republish material from our website (including republication on another website) without expressly referring to our website and authorship;
(b) sell, rent or sub-license material from our website;
(c) show any material from our website in public;
(d) exploit material from our website for a commercial purpose; or
(e) redistribute material from our website.
3.6 Notwithstanding Section 3.5, you may redistribute our newsletter in print and electronic form to any person.
3.7 We reserve the right to restrict access to areas of our website, or indeed our whole website, at our discretion; you must not circumvent or bypass, or attempt to circumvent or bypass, any access restriction measures on our website.
4. Acceptable use
4.1 You must not:
(a) use our website in any way or take any action that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the performance, availability or accessibility of the website;
(b) use our website in any way that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity;
(c) use our website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software;
(d) conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent;
(e) access or otherwise interact with our website using any robot, spider or other automated means;
(f) use data collected from our website for any direct marketing activity (including without limitation email marketing, SMS marketing, telemarketing and direct mailing).
4.2 With the exception of the Find-a-Linguist directory, Chartered Linguist Register and Members' forum, you must not use data collected from our website to contact individuals, companies or other persons or entities.
4.3 You must ensure that all the information you supply to us through our website, or in relation to our website, is true, accurate, current, complete and non-misleading.
5. Registration and accounts
5.1 If you are a CIOL member you may register for an account with our website (and through this gain access to the Members’ Only Area) by completing and submitting the account registration form on our website, and clicking on the verification link in the email that the website will send to you. You will only be able to complete the registration process by ticking a box to indicate you agree with these Terms & conditions in their entirety. Website users who are not CIOL members will not be able to register.
5.2 You must notify us in writing immediately if you become aware of any unauthorised use of your account.
5.3 You must not use any other person's account to access the website.
5.4 CIOL members must not share Members’ Only privileged information with non-members.
6. User IDs and passwords
6.1 If you register for an account with our website, you will be asked to choose a user ID and password.
6.2 Your user ID must not be liable to mislead and must comply with the content rules set out in Section 10; you must not use your account or user ID for or in connection with the impersonation of any person; you must provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the relevant registration form.
6.3 You must keep your password confidential.
6.4 You must notify us in writing immediately if you become aware of any disclosure of your password.
6.5 You are responsible for any activity on our website arising out of any failure to keep your password confidential, and may be held liable for any losses arising out of such a failure.
6.6 You must maintain and promptly update the your registration data (by yourself online where possible, or by sending an appropriately worded email to the membership team) to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.
7. Cancellation and suspension of account
7.1 We may:
(a) suspend your account;
(b) cancel your account; and/or
(c) edit your account details, at any time in our sole discretion without notice or explanation. This does not affect your CIOL membership if you are a CIOL member.
7.2 You may cancel your account on our website using your account control panel on the website. This does not affect your CIOL membership if you are a CIOL member.
8. Limited warranties
8.1 We do not warrant or represent:
(a) the completeness or accuracy of the information published on our website;
(b) that the material on the website is up to date; or
(c) that the website or any service on the website will remain available.
8.2 We reserve the right to discontinue or alter any or all of our website services, and to stop publishing our website, at any time in our sole discretion without notice or explanation; and save to the extent expressly provided otherwise in these terms and conditions, you will not be entitled to any compensation or other payment upon the discontinuance or alteration of any website services, or if we stop publishing the website.
8.3 To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and subject to Section 9.1, we exclude all representations and warranties relating to the subject matter of these terms and conditions, our website and the use of our website.
9. Limitations and exclusions of liability
9.1 Nothing in these terms and conditions will:
(a) limit or exclude any liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
(b) limit or exclude any liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
(c) limit any liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
(d) exclude any liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
9.2 The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section 9 and elsewhere in these terms and conditions:
(a) are subject to Section 9.1; and
(b) govern all liabilities arising under these terms and conditions or relating to the subject matter of these terms and conditions, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.
9.3 To the extent that our website and the information and services on our website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
9.4 We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of any event or events beyond our reasonable control.
9.5 We will not be liable to you in respect of any business losses, including (without limitation) loss of or damage to profits, income, revenue, use, production, anticipated savings, business, contracts, commercial opportunities or goodwill.
9.6 We will not be liable to you in respect of any loss or corruption of any data, database or software.
9.7 We will not be liable to you in respect of any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage.
9.8 You accept that we have an interest in limiting the personal liability of our officers and employees and, having regard to that interest, you acknowledge that we are a limited liability entity; you agree that you will not bring any claim personally against our officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website or these terms and conditions (this will not, of course, limit or exclude the liability of the limited liability entity itself for the acts and omissions of our officers and employees).
10. Breaches of these terms and conditions
10.1 Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these terms and conditions in any way, we may:
(a) send you one or more formal warnings;
(b) temporarily suspend your access to our website;
(c) permanently prohibit you from accessing our website;
(d) block computers using your IP address from accessing our website;
(e) contact any or all your internet service providers and request that they block your access to our website;
(f) commence legal action against you, whether for breach of contract or otherwise;
(g) suspend or delete your account on our website, and/or;
(h) for CIOL members, follow and apply the disciplinary rules set out in the CIOL Code of Professional Conduct.
10.2 Where we suspend or prohibit or block your access to our website or a part of our website, you must not take any action to circumvent such suspension or prohibition or blocking (including without limitation creating and/or using a different account).
11. Variation
11.1 We may revise these terms and conditions from time to time.
11.2 The revised terms and conditions shall apply to the use of our website from the date of publication of the revised terms and conditions on the website, and you hereby waive any right you may otherwise have to be notified of, or to consent to, revisions of these terms and conditions.
11.3 If you have given your express agreement to these terms and conditions, we will ask for your express agreement to any revision of these terms and conditions; and if you do not give your express agreement to the revised terms and conditions within such period as we may specify, we will disable or delete your account on the website, and you must stop using the website.
12. Assignment
12.1 You hereby agree that we may assign, transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with our rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
12.2 You may not without our prior written consent assign, transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with any of your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
13. Severability
13.1 If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.
13.2 If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision of these terms and conditions would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
14. Third party rights
14.1 These terms and conditions are for our benefit and your benefit, and these terms and conditions are not intended to benefit or be enforceable by any third party.
14.2 The exercise of the parties' rights under these terms and conditions is not subject to the consent of any third party.
15. Entire agreement
15.1 Subject to Section 12.1, these terms and conditions, together with our privacy notice and cookies policy, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website and shall supersede all previous agreements between you and us in relation to your use of our website.
16. Law and jurisdiction
16.1 These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.
16.2 Any disputes relating to these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
17. Statutory and regulatory disclosures and details
17.1 This website is owned and operated by The Chartered Institute of Linguists and its associated charity the IoL Educational Trust.
17.2 The Chartered Institute of Linguists is a Company limited by Guarantee, Registered in England and Wales Number RC 000808, VAT number 752645716; and its associated charity the IoL Educational Trust is a company limited by Guarantee, Registered in England and Wales Number 04297497 and Registered Charity Number 1090263.
17.3 Our principal place of business is at 167 Fleet Street (7th floor), London EC4A 2EA, United Kingdom.
17.4 You can contact us by writing to the business address given above, by using our website contact form or by telephone on +44 (0) 20 7940 3100.
Find-a-Linguist
Search
Contact
Privacy
Terms & conditions
Use of cookies
Press & advertising
Jobs
Site map
The Chartered Institute of Linguists (CIOL), Incorporated by Royal Charter, Registered in England and Wales Number RC 000808.The IoL Educational Trust (IoLET), trading as CIOL Qualifications, Company limited by Guarantee, Registered in England and Wales Number 04297497 and Registered Charity Number 1090263.Registered Office: 7th Floor, 167 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2EA, United Kingdom.
mail
twitter
linkedin
facebook