https://www.brandtech.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home>Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyEffective Date: September 15, 2020
Thank you for visiting the BrandTech Scientific Inc. (“BrandTech,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) website (“Site”) and reviewing this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy applies to this Site and any software or platform we may provide through the Site. It does not apply to other websites owned by BrandTech or to which we may link. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather about you when you visit our Site, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, the choices you have regarding our use of the information, and your ability to control our disclosure of it.
By using this Site, you consent to the use of the information that you provide to us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may update, modify or change this Privacy Policy, from time to time, so please review this Privacy Policy regularly. If we materially alter our Privacy Policy, we will notify you of such changes by posting a notice on our Site. Your continued use of the Site will be deemed your agreement that your information may be used in accordance with the new policy. If you do not agree with the changes, then you should stop using the Site.
Website Privacy Notice
Please read this Policy carefully to fully understand how we collect, share and protect information about you. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is a part of the Terms of Use for this Site. To access the Terms of Use click here at www.brandtech.com.
By accessing and using the Site, you agree that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy and that you accept and consent to the privacy practices and uses and disclosures of your information as described herein.
In order to deliver personalized and relevant information to you through our Site, we collect certain information from users.
Information We Collect
We may collect two types of information from you: (i) information that you knowingly and voluntarily supply to us (e.g., through a registration process, sign-ups, or other interaction with the Site); and (ii) information that is derived through automated tracking mechanisms. For more details on both types of collection, please see below.
Voluntary Information
You may choose to voluntarily and knowingly supply us with information and/or you may provide information through a registration process or sign in procedure used to access information on some of the Site pages. Some of this information will identify you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us. These Terms refer to such information as “personal information” or “personally identifiable information.” This may include your name or associated company name, your title/position, email address, postal address, fax number and home or work telephone number. This personal information is collected from you in a variety of ways including your responses to correspondence, registering for a service, or requesting information about our Site or our services. We may also collect credit card or other payment information from you for purposes of processing a sale through our Site. We do not retain that information.By submitting a telephone number to BrandTech, you agree that a representative of BrandTech can contact you at the number you provide, potentially using automated technology (including texts/SMS messaging) or a pre-recorded message. Your consent is not an obligation to receive any of our services or products.
Information Collected Using Cookies and Other Web Technologies
Like many websites, our Site may use “cookies” or other similar tracking technologies to collect information which will help us to improve the quality of our services and to make it easier for you to navigate the Site. This information typically includes your IP address, the address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed the Site, the name of your operating system (such as Windows or Macintosh), the name and version of your browser (e.g., Internet Explorer, Firefox), pages navigated during your visit to the Site, and the date and time of your visit. A “cookie” is a piece of text which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, this cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer. They help us and our affiliates to improve our Site. They present the content from our Site in the most effective manner for you and your computer.We may collect information from ad networks, internet service providers, data analytics providers, government entities, operating system platforms, social networks and/or data brokers.
All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our Site.
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Site are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Site. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly and review such providers’ privacy policies.
How We Use Your Information
If we collect personally identifiable information from you, we may use the information to provide our services and products to you, to improve our Site and services, and your experience with our Site and services. For example, we would use your information for any of the following purposes:
to respond to your queries and requests;
to assist you with managing your account and passwords;
to process applications submitted by you and communicate with you about transactions you have requested;
to undertake, with your consent, any other promotional activities such as providing information about special events or catalog fulfillment;
to communicate with you about our products and services and other information related to our business that may be of interest to you;
to build our contact database;
for internal marketing analysis, such as identification of trends;
to provide you with effective customer service and/or technical support;
to monitor and analyze our Site; or
to improve the design of our Site.
We will not use personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you with notice and/or updating this Privacy Policy.
You may choose to exclude yourself from any mailings by contacting us at the contact information below.
Disclosing of Your Information
Where applicable, BrandTech may share your personally identifiable information with its affiliates and trusted third parties who assist us by providing services to users of the Site, including, but not limited to, our subsidiaries, as well as third parties involved in the administration and operation of our services. Additionally, we may disclose your personal information to comply with legal requirements, when we are contractually obligated to disclose it, to cooperate with law enforcement, to prevent fraud and other crimes, and to protect legal rights, there are circumstances in which we may share the personal information we collect on this Site without notifying you when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or regulatory requirement; to comply with a subpoena or court order; to cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental investigations (without necessarily requiring the law enforcement or government agency requesting the information to formally serve us with a subpoena); to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce a contract; to protect the legal rights, property or safety of BrandTech, our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees, licensors, suppliers, partners, successors, agents, and other users or the public in general or to protect your vital interests. We also reserve the right to report to appropriate law enforcement or government agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful without providing notice to you. We may also disclose your information where we sell any or all of our business and/or our assets to a third party, whether through bankruptcy proceedings or other sale or merger.
If we merge or are combined with any other organization, or if we transfer assets or operations to another organization or company, we may disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties in connection with such sale, merger, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or transfer of all or some of our business, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by BrandTech about our Site users is among the assets transferred.
Where we disclose personal information for a purpose set forth herein, we enter a contract with the third party that describes the purpose and requires the third-party recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
Email
We do not sell, trade or rent email addresses to other organizations, or use or disclose them for marketing purposes, except as described below. We may generate email for the following types of communications:
Notification email to which the individual may subscribe and unsubscribe.
Transactional email, which is the result of our providing services to you.
Relationship email, which is sent as an informational service because of a relationship with us.
Commercial email or newsletter, which is sent to promote our services and developments and articles of interest in our field (you may opt not to receive this type of email).
Correspondence from our staff as a result of a communication initiated by you.
Email that has a provision for opt-out will include instructions on how to do so. All inquiries regarding subscription-based emails should be directed to us at the contact information below.
External Links
For your convenience, we may provide links to websites owned and operated by unrelated third parties. Such third-party sites should have their own privacy policies, which we recommend you review prior to interacting with such site. By accessing third party websites through our Site, you are consenting to the terms and privacy policies of those websites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
This Privacy Policy applies only to the personal information collected through this Site and you agree that BrandTech has no liability with respect to such third-party sites or their privacy practices.
Data Security
We use commercially reasonable physical, electronic and administrative safeguards to secure information and data we collect through the Site. It is important that you understand that no website or database is completely secure or “hacker proof” and we cannot guarantee security of the information you submit to us. You are responsible for taking personal steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse, for example, by protecting your password from unauthorized use or disclosure. Your use of our Site and the transmission of data through our Site is entirely at your own risk.
Children’s Privacy and Parental Controls
Our Site is designed and intended for those who have reached the age of majority (18 years of age). By using our Site, you affirm that you are at least 18 years of age or older. We are not liable for any damages that may result from a user’s misrepresentation of age.
No one under age 13 is authorized to submit or post any information, including personally identifying information, on our Site. Under no circumstances may anyone under age 13 use our Site. Parents or legal guardians of children under 13 cannot agree to these Terms on their behalf.
We do not use our Site to knowingly solicit personal information from or market to anyone under thirteen (13) years of age. If you are under thirteen (13) you may not use this Site and should not provide any information about yourself through this Site. Our goal is to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to the collection and use of information from children, including the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of the United States and other applicable laws or regulations. Please be aware that there are parental control tools available online that can be used to prevent children from submitting information online without parental permission or from accessing material that is harmful to minors. If you believe that we received information from a child or other person protected under such laws, please notify us immediately by postal mail addressed to BrandTech Scientific Inc., 11 Bokum Road, Essex, CT 06426-1506 or by email at info@brandtech.com and we will take reasonable steps to remove that information from our database.
Canadian PIPEDA
In accordance with Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), where required by law, BrandTech will make good faith efforts to limit the collection of and disclosure of your data for the purposes set forth in these Terms; maintain accurate, complete and up-to-date information about you; respond to a request for access to your personal information; correct any errors in your personal information; and respond to your request for withdrawal of consent. To submit a request for access, correction of errors or to withdraw consent, please write or email us at the address and/or email address listed below under “Contact Information.” Please note that we may decline to process a request that is unreasonable, jeopardizes the rights or privacy of others, is impractical or where restricted and/or prohibited by law. If you are a resident of Canada, and you have a complaint about these Terms or our privacy practices, you may make a complaint to the Privacy Commissioner of Canada. For more information, visit https://www.priv.gc.ca/en/report-a-concern/.
Contacting Us; Opting Out
At your request and where the law requires us to do so, we will make good faith efforts to confirm what personal information we hold about you, update your information, remove your information, fulfill specific opt out requests, and/or correct any inaccuracies in such personal information if you contact us at info@brandtech.com to submit such requests. We may decline to process a request that is unreasonable, jeopardizes the rights or privacy of others, is impractical or for which access is not otherwise required. Please contact us at info@brandtech.com or write to us at BrandTech Scientific Inc., 11 Bokum Road, Essex, CT 06426-1506 if you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy or to report any violations of the Privacy Policy. We will endeavor to respond to you within 24 to 48 hours in most cases.
Applicable Law
These Terms are governed under the laws of the State of Connecticut without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Our Site is subject to the United States export control laws and regulations, and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. You agree to strictly comply with all such laws and regulations and acknowledge that you have the responsibility to obtain authorization to export, reexport, or import any data on our Site, as may be required.
For California Residents:
If you are a resident of California and have provided personally identifiable information to us, you may request information about our disclosure of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes under California’s Shine the Light law. To make such a request, please send an email to info@brandtech.com or write us at: BrandTech Scientific Inc., 11 Bokum Road, Essex, CT 06426-1506.
If you are a resident of California, effective January 1, 2020, you have the following rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”):
To know what categories of personal information about you we have collected and used, including how the personal information was collected;
To know that your personal information has not been sold.
If applicable, to opt out of the sale of your personal information, email us at info@brandtech.com with the subject line “Opt-Out Request”.
For details regarding your personal information held on file for the previous 12 months, please email us at info@brandtech.com with the subject line “Personal Information Request”.
To request that your personal information be deleted, please email us at info@brandtech.com with the subject line “Delete Personal Information.”
To equal service and equal price for goods or services even if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
While California residents have the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information under CCPA, we do not sell personal information to any third parties, and therefore, we have not included a “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link on our Site. If our practices change, we will update this Privacy Policy and take any other necessary action to comply with applicable law.
If you are a California resident and you want to exercise any of your rights as set forth above, please contact us at 888-522-2726 or info@brandtech.com.  For all requests, it is helpful to put the statement “California Privacy Rights” in the body of your request, describe the nature of your request, and provide your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. In your request, you need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. For more information on CCPA Rights click here
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Accessibility Statement
We are committed to making sure that the information on our Site is accessible to everyone. If you are having trouble accessing part of our website, please contact us at 888-522-2726 or info@brandtech.com.
Contacting Us
We welcome any queries, comments, complaints or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy.  Please do not hesitate to contact us at:
BrandTech Scientific, Inc.
11 Bokum Rd, Essex, CT  06426
info@brandtech.com
888-522-2726
Effective Date: September 15, 2020
CCPA Rights
Your Rights and Choices
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. In addition to our Privacy Policy here, this webpage further describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that BrandTech disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights below), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and,
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that BrandTech delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights below), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech protect the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 888-522-2726;
Visiting us at www.brandtech.com;
Emailing us at info@brandtech.com; or
Mailing us at:BrandTech Scientific, Inc.11 Bokum RdEssex, CT  06426
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. For all requests, it is helpful to put the statement “California Privacy Rights” in the body of your request, describe the nature of your request, and provide your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. In your request, you need to provide enough information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person that we collected information about.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We will confirm receipt of a verifiable consumer request within ten (10) business days and provide information about how we will process the request.
We will provide a response to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) calendar days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 45 calendar days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your information.
For all requests, it is helpful to put the statement “California Privacy Rights” in the body of your request, describe the nature of your request, and provide your name, email address, street address, city, state, and zip code. In your request, you need to provide enough information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person that we collected information about.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
While California residents have the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information under CCPA, we do not sell personal information to any third parties, and therefore, we have not included a “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link on our Site. If our practices change, we will update this Privacy Policy and take any other necessary action to comply with applicable law.
Additionally, we do not intend to market to any individual under the age of 18, and we expressly prohibit, anyone under the age of 16 from disclosing or submitting any personal information to us through our Site or other means. Therefore, we do not sell any information of any individual under the age of 18.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Other California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83, the “Shine the Light” law, permits users of our Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to: info@brandtech.com
Accessibility Statement
We are committed to making sure that the information on our Site is accessible to everyone. If you are having trouble accessing part of our website, please contact us at 888-522-2726 or info@brandtech.com.
PRODUCTSLiquid Handling
Bottletop Dispensers
Bottletop Dispensers Parts & Accessories
Bottletop Burettes
Titrette Parts & Accessories
Pipettes
Pipette Parts & Accessories
Pipette Tips
Pipette Controllers
Pipetting Robot
Fluid Aspiration
Fluid Aspiration Parts & Accessories
Instrumentation
Life Science
PCR Products
Microplates
Insert System Plates & Inserts
Microcentrifuge Tubes
Cuvettes
Sample Cups for Clinical Analyzers
PCR & Plate Accessories: Films, Mats, Racks, etc.
Laboratory Vacuum
VACUU·PURE®
Oil-Free Chemistry Diaphragm Pumps
Oil-free VARIO® Pumps & Pumps with Control
Oil-Free Non-chemistry Diaphragm Pumps
Rotary Vane Pumps
Fluid Aspiration
Fluid Aspiration Parts & Accessories
Gauges & Controllers
VACUU-LAN® Networks
Pump Selection Guide
Vacuum Parts & Accessories
Lab Support Jacks
Stainless Steel Support Jacks
Aluminum Support Jacks
Electronic Lift 240
Labware
Plasticware
PFA/Trace Analysis
Test Tube Racks
Mucasol Universal Detergent
Volumetric Labware
Glassware
Plasticware
Lab Rat Gear
Vacuum Pump Selection Guide
Clearance