http://www.galchimia.com/privacy-policy/
+34 981 814 506 | +34 636 988 164
hello@galchimia.com
Why GalChimia
GalChimia at a glance
Team
Facilities
Client testimonials
Our philosophy
Join us
R&D
Project portfolio
Scientific explotation and dissemination
Services
Discovery Chemistry
Process Chemistry
Analytical Chemistry
Five reasons to choose GalChimia
FAQs
Chemical Catalog
News
Contact
My account
0
Shopping Cart
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Total:
0,00€
Privacy Policy
1. Information for the user
GalChimia, S.A. is the Controller responsible for processing the personal data of the User (any person accessing the GalChimia website) and informs you that these data will be processed in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 (GDPR) on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, for which the following processing information is provided:
Purpose of the processing: the provision of services displayed on the website. As such, the purpose of the processing is as follows:
The processing of requests of any type, including information requests, quote requests, etc. made by the user through any of the contact forms available on the website.
The processing of CVs provided by candidates for selection processes or to be taken into account in future selection processes.
Personal access to the investment area, including the management of investor accounts.
The sending of commercial advertising emails by the Controller related to its products and services, or by collaborators or suppliers with whom the Controller holds a promotion agreement. In this case, the third parties will never have access to personal data.
The sending of newsletters.
Access to the online store and purchase management.
Performing statistical studies.
Legal basis of the processing: the consent of the interested party, the legitimate interest of the Controller and, in certain cases, a contractual agreement.
Data storage criteria: the data will be kept as long as there is a mutual interest to uphold the purpose of the processing and, when they are no longer necessary for such purpose, they will be eliminated with adequate security measures to guarantee the pseudonymisation of the data or their total destruction.
Communication of data: The data will not be communicated to third parties, except where there is a legal obligation or as a consequence of the contractual relationship in the legally established terms.
The rights of the User:
The right to withdraw their consent at any time.
The right of access, rectification, portability and erasure of their data and limitation or opposition to processing.
The right to file a complaint with the supervisory authority (www.aepd.es) if they consider that the processing does not comply with current regulations.
Contact information to exercise your rights:
Postal address: GalChimia, S.A. Cebreiro, s/n – 15823 O Pino (A Coruña). Email: office@galchimia.com
2. Compulsory or optional nature of the information provided by the user
By marking the corresponding boxes and entering data in the fields marked with an asterisk (*) in the contact form or download forms, such as the quote form, CV form and those related to orders and invoicing in the online shop, the User expressly, freely and unequivocally accepts that their data are necessary to allow GalChimia to respond to the request, with the inclusion of data in the remaining fields being voluntary. The User guarantees that the personal data provided to GalChimia are truthful and is responsible for communicating any changes to the same.
GalChimia expressly informs and guarantees Users that their personal data will not be transferred to third parties except in those cases in which the service so requires, or in accordance with the exceptions contained in this policy.
3. Security measures
In accordance with current personal data protection regulations, GalChimia complies with all the provisions of the GDPR for the processing of personal data under its responsibility, and specifically with the principles described in Article 5 of the GDPR. As such, the data are processed in a lawful, fair and transparent manner in relation to the interested party and the data are adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary for the purposes for which they are processed.
GalChimia guarantees that it has implemented appropriate technical and organisational policies to apply the security measures established by the GDPR in order to protect the rights and freedoms of Users, and provides Users with the appropriate information so that they can exercise them.
We use (our own and third-party) cookies for personalization and advertising purposes to create profiles based on your web browsing history, for example, to show you personalized content. You can accept all cookies by clicking "Accept", or configure them in Settings.
Accept
Reject
Settings
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Third party cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Check our privacy policy here.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Third party cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Changes