https://www.thetext.co.uk/privacy
FORENSIC LINGUISTICS INTELLIGENCE
Founded 1994
HOME
About Forensic Linguistics
About Dr. John Olsson
COURSES
Professional Online Courses
FREE Study Materials
Postgraduate study
Your Courses
CASES
Recent Cases
Forensic Tour
BOOKS & PUBLICATIONS
Books & Publications
Forensic Videos
HELP
Help for defence barristers
Help for prosecutors
CONTACT US
Contact Page
Forensic Linguistics Intelligence
Privacy Policy
John Olsson is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data he collects from you, or that you provide to him, will be processed by John Olsson.
Please read the following carefully to understand his views and practices regarding your personal data and how he will treat it. By visiting doctordrone.uk you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in his policy.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 2018 (the Act), your data is being collected by John Olsson of Llanfair Caereinion, Powys, Wales.
Information he may collect from you
He may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give him. You may give him information about you by filling in forms on his site doctordrone.uk or by corresponding with him by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use his site, subscribe to a service, submit an enquiry, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on his site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, and when you report a problem with the site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number and any information you type in to an enquiry.
Information he collects about you.
With regard to each of your visits to our site he may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); pages you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away
Information he receives from other sources. He may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites he operates or the other services he provides. Third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers) may send further information about you.
Cookies
This website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of the website. This helps him to provide you with a good experience when you browse the website and also allows improvements to the site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to this use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that are transferred to your computer's hard drive.
He uses the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of the website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a booking form or make use of payment services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences, for example, your choice of language or region.
You can find more information about the individual cookies he uses and the purposes for which he uses them below:
To enable him to monitor the usage of the website and the success of any marketing, he uses Google Analytics, which uses a variety of cookies.
These are used to track visitors and collect information about how visitors use the site. He uses the information to compile reports and to help improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
If you would like to see a full up-to-date list of all cookies used by this website, you can use any cookie-checking website which are readily available online.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which he has no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of this site.
Uses made of the information
John Olsson uses information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to John Olsson.
He will use this information:
to carry out his obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and him and to provide you with the information that you request from John Olsson;
to provide you with information about other services he offers that are similar to those that you have already enquired about;
to provide you with information about services he feels may interest you:
If you are a new contact he will contact you by electronic means if you have consented to this by clicking the relevant ‘submit’ button on the form our website where you enter your information. If you do not want us to use your data in this way please un-tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data;
to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information he collects about you.
He will use this information:
to administer his site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve his site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of his service, when you choose to do so;
as part of his efforts to keep the site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising he serves to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of the site about services that may interest you or them.
Disclosure of your information
He may share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract he enters into with them or you.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist him in the improvement and optimisation of the site.
He may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that he sells or buys any business or assets, in which case he may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
Where he stores your personal data
The data that he collects from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. He will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Where he has given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. He asks you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although he will do his best to protect your personal data, he cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to his site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once he has received your information, he will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Your rights
You have the right to ask him not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. He will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if he intends to use your data for such purposes or if he intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms he use to collect your data.
You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.
If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that he do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.
Changes to his privacy policy
Any changes he may make to his privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this privacy policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to the contact page.
INTRO
Home
About Forensic Linguistics
About Dr. John Olsson
COURSES
Professional Online Courses
FREE Study Materials
Postgraduate study
Your Courses
INFORMATION
Recent Cases
Forensic Tour
Books & Publications
Forensic Videos
HELP
Help for defence barristers
Help for prosecutors
Contact Page
Privacy Policy
Forensic Linguistics Intelligence
Telephone +44 01938 811192 - © 2000/20Powered by seren technologies