https://www.pedelecs.co.uk/forum/help/privacy-policy-May18/
Menu
Menu
Search
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced search…
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced…
Log in
Register
Search
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced search…
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced…
Electric Bikes
Conversion Kits
EMTBS
eRoad/Commuting
What's New?
Menu
Home
News
Forums
New posts
Trending
Search forums
What's new
New posts
New media
New listings
New media comments
New profile posts
Latest activity
Media
New media
New comments
Search media
Members
Current visitors
New profile posts
Search profile posts
Help pages
Help
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Smilies
BB codes
Cookie usage
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
Help
Privacy Policy
Pedelecs Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Pedelecs Limited uses and protects any information that you provide, whilst using Pedelecs Limited products and services. This includes, but is not limited to, Pedelecs.co.uk and any associated websites and sub-domains. Pedelecs Limited is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Any information provided by you to Pedelecs Limited, by which you can be identified, will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
Pedelecs Limited may change this policy as and when necessary. It is your responsibility to check this privacy policy periodically to ensure you agree with any changes.
What information we collect
Much of the content on Pedelecs can be accessed or read without providing us with personal data. If you wish to participate in the forum then we will ask for some minimal details to enable you to sign up for a forum user account. When using this service provided by Pedelecs Limited, we will require some or all of the following information:
User Name
Email Address
Internet Protocol (IP) address
Date of birth (optional)
Geographical Location (optional)
This data is to authenticate you so that we know it is you and not someone else. You may cancel your forum account at any time.
If you so wish, personal data associated with your forum user account can be erased. Usernames are displayed publicly on our forum. We suggest that members of the public do not use their real names as usernames if they wish to protect their privacy. (We ask that traders do use their company name for transparency however since this is not ‘personal data’.) Your email address is securely stored and not publicly visible. We use Google Analytics to track broad demographic information in aggregate form to assist us in identifying visitor preferences and ensuring site content meets visitors’ requirements. Additionally therefore, whilst using the Pedelecs.co.uk website, any associated websites and sub-domains, some or all of the following information may be collected:
Geographical location
Browser type & Operating system
Referral source
Length of visit, page views, website navigation and any other related browsing activity
What we do with the information we collect
The information you provide to Pedelecs Limited is required for, but not limited to, the following reasons:
internal record keeping
access to the Pedelecs.co.uk website, associated websites and sub-domains
forum user account management
sending notices of site upgrades, security alerts and patches, and other relevant communications
The legal basis on which we process this information is
Consent (this can be withdrawn at any time)
Legitimate interest (in the course of running a business as a forum operator)
Legal Obligations (to comply with UK law)
Data erasure
While we will of course delete any personal data associated with your use of the Pedelecs forum, we are not legally required to erase posts that do not contain personal data since this interrupts the flow and therefore overall accuracy of discussions on the forum. Please also note GDPR requires us to compare the subjects’ rights with "the public interest in the availability of the data" when considering data erasure.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to Pedelecs Limited is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
How we use cookies and IP addresses
Pedelecs.co.uk, any associated websites and sub-domains, use small text files, called cookies, to store information in your web browser. The information stored may include preferences, session identification, HTTP information, and IP address. You can set your browser to not receive cookies, but this may limit your ability to use Pedelecs.co.uk and any associated websites and sub-domains.
IP addresses of computers used to visit Pedelecs.co.uk and any associated websites and sub-domains are stored in our database. This includes when first registering for an account, managing your account details, writing a private or public message or performing any other transaction which results in data being transferred to or from your computer and the website in question. Your IP address is not visible to the public at any time. You can read our policy here: Cookie Policy
Links to other websites
Pedelecs.co.uk, any associated websites and sub-domains, may contain links to other websites. These websites may or may not be affiliated with Pedelecs Limited.
Pedelecs Limited has no control over any external websites therefore clicking any link which results in you visiting an external website will result in this privacy policy no longer applying and Pedelecs Limited cannot be held responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites.
Controlling your personal information
When using the Pedelecs.co.uk forum, you may choose to limit public viewing of applicable personal information through the settings located in the Privacy section of your account.
Pedelecs Limited will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your explicit permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you security information, product updates, or other information pertaining to Pedelecs Limited, or your account.
If you discover any of the information Pedelecs Limited holds for you is incorrect or incomplete, that you are unable to change yourself, please contact us as soon as possible so the necessary changes can be made.
[21st May 2018]
Top
Bottom
This site uses cookies to help personalise content, tailor your experience and to keep you logged in if you register.
By continuing to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies.
Accept
Learn more…