http://www.chemware.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated on January 6th, 2020
Dohmen Company Foundation, Inc. and its affiliates: The F. Dohmen Co; Salus, Inc.; Red Arrow Labs, LLC; Horizon Lab Systems, LLC; and and The Focused Fork LLC (“Affiliates”; Dohmen and Affiliates will sometimes be referred to collectively as “we,” “us,” or “our”) appreciate your interest in each website that we operate (collectively, the “Sites”). Your privacy is important to us. In connection with providing information, features, products and services at the Sites, we may ask for or collect information from you, either in the form of anonymous data or personally identifiable information. As part of our commitment to honoring your privacy, this Privacy Policy explains the approach we take in protecting and using the information that we gather from you on the Sites. The Privacy Policy is incorporated into the Sites’ Terms and Conditions.
By accessing or using the Sites, you agree to the Privacy Policy, to have your personal data transferred, processed and stored in the United States, and to allow us to collect and use such data consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the Privacy Policy, you may not access or use the Sites.
The Privacy Policy applies to information we collect:
on the Sites;
in e-mail and other electronic messages between you and the Sites; or
through mobile and desktop applications you download from the Sites, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Sites.
It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by us or any third party which is not subject to this Privacy Policy; or
any third party, including through any application or other content that may link to or be accessible from the Sites.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may make changes to the Privacy Policy from time to time and at any time without notice to you by posting modifications to the Privacy Policy at the Sites. By using the Sites following such changes, you agree to be bound by such changes. Please check the Sites periodically to familiarize yourself with any changes that may have been made to the Privacy Policy. You can determine when the Privacy Policy was last changed by checking the “Last Updated” reference above.
Children Under the Age of 13
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under 13.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of the Sites.
Personal Information You Provide: In order to access certain services or features on the Sites, you may be required to provide information which could be used to identify you, such as your name, location, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card information, transaction details or other information. Such information may be required, for example, to register an account with the Sites or to request product literature or samples. If you do not provide the required personal information, you may not be able to access those services or features of the Sites.
We only collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us. By way of example, such information may be collected by completing forms on the Sites, responding to a survey, signing up for an email marketing list, or transmitting emails to the Sites.
Automatically Collected Non-Personal Information: Other information which does not identify you is collected automatically as you navigate through the Sites. This information can include your IP address, your domain server, the type of computer and browser you use, the type and speed of your Internet connection, the time and date of the Site visit, Site browsing patterns, traffic data and other information which does not personally identify you.
We use a variety of automated data collection technologies to collect this information including, without limitation, cookies and pixel tags/web beacons. You may set your browser to refuse or disable these data collection methods, but doing so may change your experience on the Sites, diminish certain aspects of the Site’s functionality or render certain features of the Sites inoperable. The Sites may not recognize or respond to “do not track” technologies employed by your browser.
How We Use Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present the Sites and their contents to you;
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
To notify you about changes to the Sites or any products or services we offer or provide though it;
To improve the Sites;
To determine your location to allow you to use certain location-specific functionality on the Sites;
To allow you to participate in interactive features on the Sites;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and
For any other purpose with your consent.
At any time, you can request the removal or modification of your personally identifiable information or opt-out of receiving email communications from Dohmen and Affiliates by sending an e-mail. You can also opt-out of receiving email communications from Dohmen and Affiliates by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in our emails. We will make a reasonable effort to accommodate your request.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We do not sell, rent or trade to any unaffiliated third parties your personally identifiable information. We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy:
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business;
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, in which personal information held by us about Sites’ users is among the assets transferred;
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; or
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
To enforce or apply the Terms and Conditions and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; or
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Dohmen, Affiliates, our customers or others.
Security Measures
We use a variety of current technologies and processes for protection of our customer data. We maintain a private database on our web server for the storage of all information collected through our Sites. It is our practice to use encryption whenever we receive or transmit sensitive data. We will take reasonable measures which we believe are appropriate to protect your information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction, and, where possible, will ask that any third parties to whom we may transfer your information take comparable steps to protect that security. Although we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of any visitor information collected, we shall have no liability for disclosure of any visitor information obtained due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties. Email is not a secure form of communication. Please do not send us any personally sensitive information via email.
Other Websites
Please be aware that our Sites and email communications may contain links to other websites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those websites linked to our Sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy and, therefore, we are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of websites to which our Sites link. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of other websites to understand their privacy practices.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, contact us via email.