http://www.maryrose.org/cookie-policy
The Mary Rose
About the Mary Rose
Why did the Mary Rose Sink?
Recovering the Mary Rose
Life on Board
Blog
News
Things to Make and Do
-
Artefact gallery
Conservation
Archaeology
Research and Projects
Plan your Visit
Opening times
Tickets and Pricing
Find Us
Accessibility
Visiting Portsmouth
Museum shop
-
Schools
Groups
Families
Students
We Visit You
FAQs
Virtual Museum
What's on
Events
The Many Faces of Tudor England
Shipwreck Explorers
Relaxed Opening Mornings
VIP Experiences
Latest news
Get involved
Become a member
Donate
Volunteer
Jobs
Roll of Honour
Contact us
General enquiries
Sign up for our newsletter
Image Enquiries
Media Enquiries
Mary Rose Archaeological Services
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small file which is placed on your computer or device's hard drive. They make certain features of a website possible, such as sharing content with friends on social networks or allowing us to improve, both your user experience and the experience of others, by monitoring how the website is navigated.
This cookie policy outlines what cookies can be found on the website and how they are utilised. You can also find information on how to disable cookies, if you do not wish to have cookies saved to your computer or device.
Cookies used on the Website
The website uses the following cookies set out below.
Cookies
Description
Session Cookies
These enable you to carry out some essential functions on the website, such as maintaining log in details for a transaction or preserving your basket. They also help by minimising the need to transfer information across the internet and expire when you terminate your browser session.
Google Analytics Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics. This is a web analytics service provided by Google enabling us to monitor how the website is accessed and navigated - we use this information to make improvements to the general user experience.
Paypal Express Cookies
This website uses Paypal Express. This is a checkout service provided by Paypal that offers our customers an alternative method of paying for their orders.
How to disable cookies
Most modern browsers allow you to control your cookie settings for all websites that you browse. You can disable cookie deployment completely by editing your browser settings, however in doing this you may be limiting the functionality that is displayed on our website. To learn how to disable cookies on your preferred browser we recommend reading this advice posted by Google.
If you are concerned about cookies tracking your movements on the Internet then you may be concerned about spyware. Spyware is the name given to a particular band of cookies that track personal information about you. There are many antispyware programs that you can use to prevent this from happening. Learn more about antispyware software – http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spyware. You can also disable Google Analytics on all websites by downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.