http://www.destination360.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective: November 14, 2019
Destination360 LLC (“The Company”, “we”, “us”, “destination360.com”) is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit our website, destination360.com. You can access destination360.com and browse our site without disclosing any of your personal data. destination360.com does not collect personal information about individuals, such as names and mailing or e-mail addresses unless it is knowingly provided by the individual and he or she has agreed to the terms under which destination360.com will use it.
Please read the Privacy Policy carefully before you start to use the Website. By using the Website or by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms of Use when this option is made available to you, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by the Privacy Policy. If you do not want to agree to the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy Protecting the privacy of the very young is important to us. For that reason, we do not collect or maintain information at our sites from those we actually know are under 18, and no part of our site is structured to attract anyone under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use.
If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at legal@destination360.com.
Disclosure of Information destination360.com will not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals. We may use IP addresses to compile and provide aggregate statistics about our visitors, traffic patterns, and administer the site. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. We collect only the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services. We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations.
Information We Collect on You When you access the Website, the Company will learn certain information about you during your visit. As a business, we collect personal data from you in a number of ways including:
(1.) Newsletter optins: Your name and email address.
(2.) Waiting Lists: Your name and email address.
(3.) Transactions: You name, email address, billing information and payment source.
(4.) Comments: Your name, email address, and comment. Please note by posting a comment on this Site or in our forum, you consent to the posting of any Personal Information that you provide. You should be aware that such Personal Information can be read, collected, or used by other visitors to these public areas. We have no control over how these visitors use your Personal Information.
We may use the information collected in the following ways:
To operate and maintain this Website;
To improve your experience on this Website;
To respond to your comments;
To provide you with user support;
Provide and deliver the information, products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations and receipts;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;;
Communicate with you about products, services, surveys, offers, promotions, rewards and events offered by Company and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests.
Cookies
Similar to other commercial websites, our website utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” and server logs to collect information about how our site is used. Information gathered through cookies and server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our site, and the websites visited just before and just after our own, as well as your IP address.
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
The Company reserves the right to use technological equivalents of cookies, including social media pixels. These pixels allow social media sites to track visitors to outside websites so as to tailor advertising messages users see while visiting that social media website. The Company reserves the right to use these pixels in compliance with the policies of the various social media sites.
Third Party Use of Cookies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
Data Protection
We employ commercially reasonable methods to ensure the security of the information you provide to us and the information we collect automatically. This includes using standard security protocols and working only with reputable third-party vendors.Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email. However, doing so is allowed, but at your own risk. Some of the information you may enter on our website may be transmitted securely via a secure medium known as Secure Sockets Layer, or SSL. Credit Card information and other sensitive information is never transmitted via email.
The Company may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, the Company uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
VISITORS’ GDPR RIGHTS If you are within the European Union, you are entitled to certain information and have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation. Those rights include:
We will retain the any information you choose to provide to us until the earlier of: (a) you asking us to delete the information, (b) our decision to cease using our existing data providers, or (c) the Company decides that the value in retaining the data is outweighed by the costs of retaining it.
You have the right to request access to your data that the Company stores and the rights to either rectify or erase your personal data.
You have the right to seek restrictions on the processing of your data.
You have the right to object to the processing of your data and the right to the portability of your data.
To the extent that you provided consent to the Company’s processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based upon consent that occurred prior to your withdrawal of consent.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority that has jurisdiction over issues related to the General Data Protection Regulation.
We require only the information that is reasonably required to enter into a contract with you. We will not require you to provide consent for any unnecessary processing as a condition of entering into a contract with us.
Should you wish to have your information deleted, please email us at legal@destination360.com and submit a request.
External Web Sites Please note that destination360.com contains links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage our users to be aware that when they leave our site that you read the privacy statements of each web site that might collect personally identifying information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by destination360.com. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact: legal@destination360.com
Affiliate Disclaimer Destination360 LLC has financial relationships with a number of companies mentioned on this website, and destination360.com may be compensated if you book via the links on this website.
Transactional Information If you purchase products or services from us, we will collect certain information from you, including your name, address, email address, and information about the product or service you are purchasing. Payments are processed by third-party payment processors (e.g., PayPal), so please refer to the applicable processor’s terms and privacy policy for more information about how payment information is processed and stored.
Advertising Privacy Statement
To help understand your interests, Google and our other advertising partners will track your behavior on our website and on other websites across the Internet using cookies.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.  Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
By using this Site, you consent to the use of such cookies and the sharing of data captured by such cookies with Google, and our other third party partners. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting: https://adssettings.google.com. You can also opt out of the network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative’s multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at: http://optout.networkadvertising.org. However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.
Changes We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do, we will let you know by revising the date at the top of the policy. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will provide you with additional notice. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access or use our Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. If you continue to use our Services after Privacy Policy changes go into effect, you consent to the revised policy.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments regarding the Privacy Policy, you may reach us at:
Destination360 LLC 170 S LINCOLN STE 150 SPOKANE, WA 99201
Email Address: legal@destination360.com
Compare Travel Sites and Save!
Contact Us
Copyright
Travel Marketing
Write for Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Help
Seasonal Content
Summer Vacations
Curacao
Texas Cruises
Washington Coast
Rome, Italy
Nantucket
New Travel Guides
Coronavirus
Foil Wings
Sports
Wing Foiling
Dan Taylor
Maui Dinner Cruise
360s
Helicopter Tours
Hotel Tugu Bali
Anantara Uluwatu Bali
Mansion Resort Hotel & Spa
Hotel Riu Cancun 5
SLS Rooms
Newest Slideshows
Seafair
Luxury Hotels
Rehab Pool Party
Art Deco Hotels
Luxury Resorts
South Beach Hotels
Hola
Destination 360 is your friendly travel guide.
If you like to travel, like us on Facebook or spread the good word. Thanks!
1
of
0
Previous
Next
×
Close Lightbox
Return to
Privacy Policy
©
2020
Destination 360