http://www.metenguk.com/privacy
Privacy - Met Engineering Limited
UK 0161 737 2627, international+44 161 737 2627
info@metenguk.com
Home
Services
About Us
Case Studies
Latest News
Contact Us
Select Page
Met Engineering Limited
Privacy Policy
What this privacy policy covers
In accordance with the Data Protection Act, this policy gives you information about how MetEngUK treats personal information received from our website visitors.
What is personal information?
Personal information is defined as information about you that is personally identifiable such as your title, name, address, email address and phone number.
Information collection and use
We collect visitor information in the following sections of the MetEngUK website:
Contact Us – If you send us an enquiry via the email form we’ll use your details to respond to your request/comments
Please note: wherever we collect personal information, we display the Information Commissioner’s padlock symbol to alert you to the fact that personal data is being requested and that it will be processed fairly and lawfully.
The only time we’ll use your details for any other purpose than those listed above is to email you from time to time about our services. However we will only do so if you have given us permission to do so, having opted in on the Contact Us form.
We respect your privacy and will not rent, sell or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies.
Accessing your data
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you. Please note that, in accordance with the Data Protection Act, a £10 admin fee is applicable. For further information, please contact us using the email form or email eileen@metenguk.com
Cookies
Use of cookies on our website
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
One of the cookies we use is essential for parts of the site to operate and has already been set. You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site will not work.
Cookies used:
Google Analytics: _utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz
Needed for PHP functionality to work: PHPSESSID
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where vistors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Follow the link below for Googles Privacy Policy
http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Changes to the privacy policy
We may update this policy from time to time. Please check this page regularly for notification of any significant changes in the way we treat your personal information.
Meteorological engineering solutions
- setting the standard
QUICK LINKSOur meteorological engineering services
See meteo case studies
Find out more about Met Engineering
Legal
Privacy and cookies
Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress
×
Dive straight into the feedback!Login below and you can start commenting using your own user instantly