http://www.zooknoxville.org/terms-of-use
Terms of Use | Zoo Knoxville
Tickets
Zoo Map
Donate
Toggle navigation
Visitor Info
Animals
Experiences
Education
Support the Zoo
About
Terms of Use
www.zooknoxville.org (the website for Knoxville Zoo) is owned and operated by Knoxville Zoo and its entities. This website is offered to the user on the condition the user accepts without modification of the terms, conditions and notices contained herein. By accessing and using this website, the user of www.zooknoxville.org agrees to the following terms.
If you do not agree to these terms or conditions, please do not use this site and do not submit any orders for products or services from this site.
Copyright and Trademark Notice
www.zooknoxville.org contains materials provided by KZG and other different sources. All content is copyrighted to the KZG as a collective work under the U.S. copyright laws. This site is for your personal, non-commercial use, and you may not modify, copy, sell, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish or license, any material from this site, including code or software. Violation of applicable Intellectual Property Laws may give rise to civil and/or criminal penalties. Copyright 2001 Knoxville Zoological Gardens, Inc., P.O. Box 6040, Knoxville, Tennessee, USA.  All rights reserved.
KZG graphics, logos, service marks and trademarks of KZG may not be used without prior written consent of KZG. All other trademarks, product names, company names and logos appearing on www.zooknoxville.org are the property of their respective owners.
All comments, guest book entries, suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts, or information disclosed or offered to or in response to the KZG through this web site shall remain the property of the KZG. By utilizing this website as a vehicle for communication, you grant KZG a royalty free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted license to use any comments for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to the author or provider of the comments.
Applicable Laws
As a visitor of www.zooknoxville.org, you shall abide by all applicable federal, state or local laws, including, but not limited to, areas such as libel, slander, indecency, trade libel, product disparagement, harassment, invasion of privacy, obscenity, indecency and copyright and trademark infringement.
This website is created and controlled in the State of Tennessee and shall be governed by the laws of Tennessee without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws. User hereby consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Tennessee and the United States of America located in the State of Tennessee for any litigation arising out of or relating to use of or purchase made through www.zooknoxville.org (and agrees not to commence any litigation relating thereto except in such courts), waives any objective to the venue of any such litigation in Tennessee and agrees not to plead or claim that litigation brought therein has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Similarly, all forms of dispute resolution shall also be convened and governed within the State of Tennessee.
Limitations of Liability
Use of www.zooknoxville.org is at the discretion of the user.  Under no circumstances shall the KZG, its trustees, officers, employees, members or agents be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages, losses or expenses that may result from the possession, use of, or inability to use, this site or products purchased from this site.
The information on www.zooknoxville.org may contain errors, omissions, inaccuracies, or outdated information. The KZG makes no representations or warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, adequacy, or currency of the information on the website, and will note be liable for any lack of foregoing.
Pages within this website may contain links and pointers to other Internet websites that are maintained by third parties and are not under the control of KZG. Accordingly, KZG makes no representation or endorsement concerning the content of any third party website, which you shall review “AS IS” and use at your own discretion.
The user acknowledges that bulletin boards, chats, conferences, guest books and any other forms of communication which may be hosted by this website are public and not private communications. The content of these communications forums by yourself and other is not to be considered endorsed by KZG, and shall not be considered reviewed, screened or approved by KZG.
User specifically acknowledges and agrees that KZG is not liable for any defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any user. If you are dissatisfied with any KZG material, or with any of KZG’s terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using or visiting www.zooknoxville.org.
Privacy Policy
www.zooknoxville.org respects the privacy of its users. If you do not agree, please exit this process.  Continuing indicates your consent.
Knoxville Zoological Gardens, Inc. (“KZG”), operators of www. zooknoxville.org, recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of the users of this website. It is necessary to gather information from you in order to provide an efficient and pleasant shopping experience. By using a number of security technologies in our website, we maintain as a priority the privacy of your information. We also adhere to strict policies preventing the unauthorized use of your personal information. Information collected is for internal use only; we do not sell or collect information for the use of other parties.
www.zooknoxville.org needs to know your name, email address, shipping address, credit card number and expiration date in order to process and fulfill your order. We may also request additional information that you choose to submit, about your interests or feedback about our website and products so we can provide a better shopping experience for you. The name, address and payment the user may provide when using this website may be processed or disclosed by the KZG as permitted under the website’s Terms of Use, of which the user agrees to upon utilizing the information and services of www.zooknoxville.org
Information we collect from you is used to help us monitor site usage and traffic patterns of our customers. Statistical aggregate information, as well as personal information, is collected for internal and administrative purposes. Any public disclosure of aggregate information regarding site usage and traffic, which is necessary for business and marketing purposes, is always devoid of any individual identification.
As a method of tracking the use of this website, www.zooknoxville.org, may utilize the web technology known as “cookies,” which enables the KZG to relate a visitor’s use of KZG information to any information that the visitor may have specifically and knowingly provided to KZG. Any such voluntarily provided identifying information, if applicable, may be used by KZG for editorial, marketing or promotional purposes. Such identifying information, if applicable, will not be transferred to any other party unless otherwise stated at the time of collection.
Visitors to www.zooknoxville.org should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personal information such as user names or email addresses on guest books, bulletin boards or in chat areas, that information could possibly be collected and used by others, and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties.
KZG only collects any type of personally identifying information to the extent that it serves our legitimate business purposes, and the KZG will maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information.
Modifications
These Terms of Use may be modified by KZG at any time and will be binding at the time of implementation.Users have the responsibility of reviewing this website’s terms and conditions.
Zoo Knoxville User Generated Content Terms of Use
Knoxville Zoological Gardens, Inc., dba “Zoo Knoxville”, reaches out to social media users to seek their permission to feature our favorite content on our various sites, social channels, and various promotional materials. You are reading this because Zoo Knoxville has requested your permission to use your social media content in this way.
If you choose to allow us to use your social media content (“User Content”) by replying with the hashtag #ZooKnoxvillePhoto, you agree to these Terms of Use.
Zoo Knoxville engages a limited number of service providers to facilitate the collection and transmission to the Zoo Knoxville websites (www.zooknoxville.org and others)(the “Site”), social media channels, promotional materials and other properties (“Zoo Knoxville Properties”) of User Content, including photos, text, graphics, audio, video, location information, comments and other materials from social media sites, for use by Zoo Knoxville in connection with its business, including Zoo Knoxville’s product feature, marketing, promotional, advertising and other consumer-related activities.
Zoo Knoxville reserves the right to alter these Terms of Use without advance notice by posting a revised Terms of Use. Accordingly, you should review the Terms of Use each time you grant permission or authorization to feature your User Content.
USER CONTENT LICENSE
You hereby grant to Zoo Knoxville and its related companies, agents, licensees, sublicensees, contractors, successors, legal representatives, assigns, and third-party service providers, and their respective retail partners, marketing or public relations agencies, and other affiliates (the “Licensed Parties”) a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully-paid, non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable right to use your User Content in any manner to be determined in the Licensed Parties’ sole discretion, including but not limited to on webpages and social media pages operated by the Licensed Parties, in promotional e-mails and advertisements, and in any and all other marketing, promotional and advertising initiatives, and in any media now or hereafter known. The Licensed Parties may use, display, reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works from, combine with other materials, alter and/or edit your User Content in any manner in their sole discretion, with no obligation to you whatsoever.
You grant the Licensed Parties the right to use your username, real name, image, likeness, descriptions of you, location or other identifying information, including but not limited to your voice, in connection with any use of your User Content.
You hereby agree and represent and warrant that (i) you are solely responsible for your User Content, (ii) you own all rights in and to your User Content and/or have obtained appropriate rights and permissions from any and all other persons and/or entities who own, manage or otherwise claim any rights with respect to such User Content, (iii) you are not a minor, (iv) the Licensed Parties’ use of your User Content as described herein will not violate the rights, including but not limited to copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, privacy, publicity, moral, proprietary or other rights, of any third party, or any law, rule or regulation, and (v) the User Content is not libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, indecent, threatening, harassing, hateful, or offensive or otherwise unlawful.
You hereby release, discharge and agree to hold the Licensed Parties, and any person acting on their behalf, harmless from any liability related in any way to the Licensed Parties’ use of your User Content.
The User Content that you submit is deemed non-confidential and the Licensed Parties have no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of any information, in whatever form, contained in any submission, except pursuant to the Licensed Parties’ respective privacy policies. By using this Site, you are consenting to the Licensed Parties’ collection of any personal information you provide for the Licensed Parties’ use and disclosure in connection with the use of your User Content as described herein. If you do not agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in this way, please do not use this Site or otherwise provide the Licensed Parties with personal information. Your personal information may be transferred to servers located outside the country in which you live or to third parties in other countries so that they may process personal information on the Licensed Parties behalf. By using the Site or the Services or otherwise providing the Licensed Parties with personal information, you agree to the foregoing collection, use, disclosure, transfer and processing of your information in accordance with the terms of these Terms, the Privacy Policy and applicable data protection laws and regulations.
The Licensed Parties reserve the right to remove any User Content from the Site and the Zoo Knoxville Properties.
You certify that you are at least 18 years of age.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
The Site, or Zoo Knoxville Properties may be protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. You acknowledge and agree that you do not acquire any ownership or other rights in proprietary information and materials of Zoo Knoxville by authorizing use of your User Content or otherwise using or accessing the Site or the Zoo Knoxville Properties.
MISCELLANEOUS
These Terms of Use are personal to you and may not be assigned or transferred by you for any reason whatsoever without Zoo Knoxville’s prior written consent; and any action or conduct in violation of the foregoing shall be void and without effect.
You agree that if Zoo Knoxville does not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy which is contained in these Terms of Use (or which Zoo Knoxville has the benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of Zoo Knoxville’s rights and that those rights or remedies will still be available to Zoo Knoxville.
If any court of law, having the jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of these Terms of Use are invalid, then that provision will be removed without affecting the rest of the Terms of Use. The remaining provisions of these Terms of Use will continue to be valid and enforceable.
Last updated:  5/29/20
Secure Shipping Policy
Knoxville Zoological Gardens, Inc. has incorporated the latest Internet technological standards to design a secure purchase area of www.zooknoxville.org. Under no certain terms, any information you send us while within the secure shopping area is protected by encryption. You can tell when you are in a secure shopping area by viewing the lock or key at the bottom of your browser – an unlocked or broken key (depending on your browser) means you are in an unsecured area.
Shopping on the Internet is safe and online credit card transactions are no more risky than other means of shopping. Our encryption methods make credit card fraud even more difficult than mail or phone orders, or even in-person purchases. If you experience fraudulent use of your credit card as a result of using our website, notify your credit card company per its rules and procedures. Most credit card companies will either cover the fraudulent purchases or hold you liable for no more than $50.
As a standard Internet practice, should your credit card company hold you liable for some portion of a fraudulent charge, www.zooknoxville.org will reimburse you for the maximum liability of $50 – provided the purchase was made through our secure server.
Please contact us at trolen@zooknoxville.org with any questions.
ZOO KNOXVILLE
3500 Knoxville Zoo Drive
Knoxville, TN 37914
865.637.5331
Mon Tues Wed 9-2
Thurs Fri Sat Sun 9-4
Zoo Knoxville will be closed on November 26 (Thanksgiving), December 24 (Christmas Eve) & December 25 (Christmas Day)
Jobs
Internships
Volunteer
Annual Pass
Media
Contact Us
©2020 Knoxville Zoological Gardens
Terms of use
Privacy policy