http://www.algao.org.uk/privacy
Skip to main content
Search form
Home
ALGAO:UKAbout ALGAO
ALGAO Officers
Consultation responses
Standards and guidanceTraining Notes: York February 2018
Urban Archaeology Seminar
PublicationsArchaeology in Development Management
Impact of Covid-19 on Local Authority Archaeology Services
Jobs Bulletin
ALGAO forum
National AssociationsALGAO:Cymru
ALGAO:EnglandRegional Research Frameworks
ALGAO:ScotlandGuidance: Management of Lithic Scatters in Scotland
Subject CommitteesOverview
CountrysideCountryside Meeting February 2020
Countryside management Resources
Selected Heritage Inventory for Natural England
Europe
Historic Buildings
Historic Environment RecordsHER Committee minutes archive
Maritime
Planning & Legislation
Urban
Archaeology in Local GovernmentOverview
Community Engagement
Conservation/Management
HERs/SMRs
Planning AdviceAdvice Note on PXA assessment
Contact
Find an ALGAO OfficerSearch our contacts database here
Member login
Username *
Password *
Request new password
ALGAO Events
Upcoming events
Your events
See below for a list of ALGAO events over the coming 30 days.
There are no events listed in the next 30 days. See the full calendar to see all ALGAO events.
>> View full calendar
You are not authorized to access this content.
Privacy and cookies
The ALGAO website uses cookies for the following reasons:
To assess how the website is being used. We use Google Analytics on this website. This provides information on how users navigate the site and gives us an insight into how easy it is to access our information. We do this so we can make the site clearer and more accessible. Find out more about how Google Analytics works below.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics on this website to help us understand how people navigate and access information.
Google Analytics saves a cookie on your computer with a unique number that identifies you during your visit to our website. The cookie DOES NOT save any personal information about you. We likewise have NO ACCESS to any other information on your computer, aside from the cookie created by this website. Browsing our website is therefore anonymous - we have no way of identifying you personally. Information provided by the cookie is fed into the overall site statistics for this website. Visits to our website are therefore not assessed on a case-by-case basis.
Google Analytics will also record information about your IP address to aid in geolocation. However, the final digits of this IP address are obscured to prevent direct identification.
ALGAO general enquiries
01223 728592
admin [at] algao.org.uk
Quick links
Home
ALGAO:UK
National Associations
Subject Committees
Archaeology in Local Government
Contact
Copyright
Privacy & cookies
Sitemap
X
Username *
Password *
Request new password