https://www.larova.com/privacy-statement
The Nucleotide Company
About usOrder InformationContactDownloads
All Products
dNTP (Deoxyribonucleotides)
Specifications
Applications
NTP (Ribonucleotides)
Specifications
Applications
DNA Polymerases
Specifications
Applications
Specialities and Services
About usOrder InformationContactDownloads
Privacy Statement
You are here: Privacy Statement
Privacy statement
Thank you for your interest in our company. Data protection is of particular importance to the management of Larova GmbH. The Larova GmbH website can generally be used without disclosing any personal data. However, if a data subject wishes to make use of special services of our company via our website, it may be necessary to process personal data. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no legal basis for such processing, we generally obtain the consent of the data subject.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address or telephone number of a data subject, is always carried out in accordance with the Basic Data Protection Regulation and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to Larova GmbH. By means of this data protection declaration, our company would like to inform the public about the type, scope and purpose of the personal data collected, used and processed by us. Furthermore, data subjects will be informed of their rights by means of this data protection declaration.
Larova GmbH, as data controller, has implemented numerous technical and organisational measures to ensure the most complete possible protection of personal data processed via this website. Nevertheless, Internet-based data transmissions can have security gaps, so that absolute protection cannot be guaranteed. For this reason, every person concerned is free to transmit personal data to us by alternative means, for example by telephone.
1) Definitions
The data protection declaration of Larova GmbH is based on the terms used by the European guideline and regulation provider in the adoption of the basic data protection regulation (DS-GVO). Our data protection declaration should be easy to read and understand both for the public and for our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to explain the terms used in advance.
We use the following terms, among others, in this data protection declaration:
(a) personal data
Personal data are all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter "data subject"). Identifiable is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by assignment to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or one or more special characteristics that express the physical, physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
(b) data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person whose personal data are processed by the controller.
(c) processing
Processing means any operation or series of operations carried out with or without the aid of automated procedures in connection with personal data, such as the collection, collection, organisation, sorting, storage, adaptation or modification, reading, retrieval, use, disclosure by
transmission, distribution or any other form of provision, reconciliation or linking, restriction, deletion or destruction.
(d) limitation of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of restricting their future processing.
(e) profiling
Profiling is any form of automated processing of personal data consisting in the use of such personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects relating to the performance of work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or relocation of that natural person.
(f) pseudonymization
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a way that the personal data can no longer be assigned to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that this additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures which ensure that the personal data are not assigned to an identified or identifiable natural person.
(g) data controller or controller
The data controller or controller is the natural or legal person, public authority, institution or other body which alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data. Where the purposes and means of such processing are laid down by Union law or by the law of the Member States, the controller or the specific criteria for his appointment may be laid down in accordance with Union law or the law of the Member States.
(h) contractors
Processor is a natural or legal person, authority, institution or other body that processes personal data on behalf of the data controller.
(i) receiver
Recipient is a natural or legal person, authority, institution or other body to which personal data is disclosed, regardless of whether it is a third party or not. However, authorities which may receive personal data under Union law or the law of the Member States within the framework of a particular investigation mandate shall not be regarded as recipients.
(j) third parties
A third party is a natural or legal person, authority, institution or other body other than the data subject, the data processor, the data processor and the persons authorised to process the personal data under the direct responsibility of the data processor or the data processor.
(k) consent
Consent shall mean any informed and unequivocal expression of will voluntarily given by the data subject in the particular case in the form of a declaration or other clear affirmative act by which the data subject indicates his or her consent to the processing of personal data concerning him or her.
2) Name and address of the controller
The person responsible within the meaning of the Basic Data Protection Regulation, other data protection laws in force in the Member States of the European Union and other provisions of a data protection nature is:
Larova GmbH
Loebstedter Str. 80
07749 Jena
Germany
Phone: +49-3641-6285-285
E-mail: info@larova.com
Website: www.larova.com
3) Cookies
The Larova GmbH website uses cookies. Cookies are text files which are stored on a computer system via an Internet browser.
Many websites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a string of characters through which Internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This enables the visited Internet pages and servers to distinguish the individual browser of the person concerned from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A particular Internet browser can be recognized and identified by its unique cookie ID.
The use of cookies enables Larova GmbH to provide users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without cookies.
By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized for the user. Cookies enable us, as already mentioned, to recognize the users of our website. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to use our website. For example, the user of a website that uses cookies does not have to re-enter his access data each time he visits the website because this is taken over by the website and the cookie stored on the user's computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping basket in the online shop. The online shop remembers the items that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping basket via a cookie.
The person concerned can prevent the setting of cookies by our website at any time by means of an appropriate setting of the Internet browser used and thus permanently object to the setting of cookies. Furthermore, cookies that have already been set can be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all common internet browsers. If the person concerned deactivates the setting of cookies in the not all functions of our website are fully usable in all cases.
4) Collection of general data and information
The Larova GmbH website collects a series of general data and information each time a person or an automated system accesses the website. This general data and information is stored in the log files of the server. We may record (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrer), (4) the subwebsites which are accessed via an accessing system on our website, (5) the date and time of access to the Website, (6) an Internet Protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service providers of the accessing system, and (8) other similar data and information used for security purposes in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
Larova GmbH does not draw any conclusions about the person concerned when using this general data and information. Rather, this information is required to (1) correctly deliver the contents of our website, (2) optimize the contents of our website and the advertising for it, (3) ensure the permanent functionality of our information technology systems and the technology of our website, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in the event of a cyber attack. Larova GmbH therefore evaluates this anonymously collected data and information statistically and with the aim of increasing data protection and data security in our company in order ultimately to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data processed by us. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a person concerned.
5) Possibility to contact us via the website
Due to legal regulations, Larova GmbH's website contains information that enables rapid electronic contact with our company and direct communication with us, which also includes a general address for so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts the data controller via e-mail or a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject will be stored automatically. Such personal data voluntarily provided by a data subject to the controller will be stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. This personal data is not passed on to third parties.
6) Routine deletion and blocking of personal data
The controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the time necessary to achieve the data retention purpose or to the extent provided for by the European regulator or other legislator in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject.
If the storage purpose ceases to apply or if a storage period prescribed by the European Directive and Regulation Giver or another competent legislator expires, the personal data is routinely blocked or deleted in accordance with the statutory provisions.
7) Rights of the data subject
(a) right to confirmation
Every data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator of directives and regulations to require the controller to confirm whether personal data concerning him/her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to exercise this right of confirmation, he or she may contact our data protection officer or another employee of the data controller at any time.
(b) right to information
Any person concerned by the processing of personal data shall have the right granted by the European legislator of directives and regulations to obtain, at any time and free of charge, information from the controller concerning the personal data relating to him/her stored and a copy of that information. Furthermore, the European regulator has granted the data subject the following information:
the processing purposes the categories of personal data being processed the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or are still being disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations if possible, the planned duration for which the personal data will be stored or, if this is not possible, the criteria for determining this duration the existence of a right of rectification or deletion of personal data concerning him or of a restriction on processing by the controller or of a right of opposition to such processing o the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority if the personal data are not collected from the data subject: All available information about the origin of the data the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling in accordance with Article 22(1) and (4) DS-GMO and - at least in these cases - meaningful information on the logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject Furthermore, the data subject has a right of access to information as to whether personal data have been transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. If this is the case, the data subject also has the right to obtain information on the appropriate guarantees in connection with the transfer.
If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to information, he or she may contact our data protection officer or another employee of the data controller at any time.
(c) right to correction
Any person data subject to the processing of personal data shall have the right granted by the European legislator of directives and regulations to request the immediate correction of inaccurate personal data concerning him/her. Furthermore, taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject has the right to request the completion of incomplete personal data, including by means of a supplementary declaration.
If a data subject wishes to exercise this right of rectification, he may contact our data protection officer or another employee of the controller at any time.
(d) right to cancellation (right to be forgotten)
Any person concerned by the processing of personal data shall have the right granted by the European legislator of directives and regulations to require the data controller to request that the personal data concerning him/her be deleted immediately, provided that one of the following reasons applies and insofar as the processing is not necessary:
The personal data have been collected or otherwise processed for such purposes for which they are no longer necessary. The data subject withdraws his/her consent on which the processing was based pursuant to Article 6(1)(a) DS-GMO or Article 9(2)(a) DS-GMO, and there is no other legal basis for the processing. The data subject opposes processing under Article 21(1) DS-GMO and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for processing or the data subject opposes processing under Article 21(2) DS-GMO. The personal data have been processed unlawfully. The deletion of personal data is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the Member States to which the data controller is subject. The personal data was collected in relation to information society services offered in accordance with Art. 8 para. 1 DS-GMO. If one of the above-mentioned reasons applies and a data subject wishes to have personal data stored at Larova GmbH deleted, he or she may contact our data protection officer or another employee of the data controller at any time. The data protection officer of Larova GmbH or another employee will arrange for the request for deletion to be complied with immediately.
If Larova GmbH has made the personal data public and our company is obliged to delete the personal data in accordance with Art. 17 Para. 1 DS-GMO, Larova GmbH will take appropriate measures, including technical measures, taking into account the available technology and the implementation costs, to inform other persons responsible for data processing who process the published personal data, that the data subject has requested the deletion of all links to this personal data or of copies or replications of this personal data from these other persons responsible for data processing, insofar as processing is not necessary. The data protection officer of Larova GmbH or another employee will take the necessary steps in individual cases.
(e) right to limitation of processing
Any person data subject to the processing of personal data shall have the right granted by the European legislator of directives and regulations to require the controller to restrict the processing if one of the following conditions is met:
The accuracy of the personal data is disputed by the data subject for a period that enables the data controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data. The processing is unlawful, the data subject refuses to delete the personal data and instead requests the restriction of the use of the personal data. The data controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but the data subject needs them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims. The data subject has lodged an objection to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 DS-GMO and it has not yet been determined whether the legitimate reasons of the data subject outweigh those of the data subject. If one of the above conditions is met and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of personal data stored at Larova GmbH, he or she may contact our data protection officer or another employee of the data controller at any time. The data protection officer of Larova GmbH or another employee will have the processing restricted.
(f) right to data transferability
Any data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to receive personal data relating to him/her provided by the data subject to a data controller in a structured, current and machine-readable format. It shall also have the right to transmit such data to another data controller without obstruction by the controller to whom the personal data have been made available, provided that the processing is based on the consent provided for in Article 6(1)(a) DS GMO or Article 9(2)(a) DS GMO or on a contract in accordance with Article 6(1)(b) DS GMO and that the processing is carried out using automated procedures, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of public authority conferred on the data controller.
Furthermore, in exercising his right to data transferability pursuant to Article 20(1) DS-GMO, the data subject has the right to obtain that the personal data be transferred directly by a data controller to another data controller, provided this is technically feasible and provided that the rights and freedoms of other persons are not affected thereby.
To assert the right to data transferability, the person concerned may contact the data protection officer appointed by Larova GmbH or another employee at any time.
(g) right of objection
Any person concerned by the processing of personal data shall have the right granted by the European legislator for reasons arising from their particular situation to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning them under Article 6(1)(e) or (f) of the DS-GMO. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
Larova GmbH will no longer process personal data in the event of an objection, unless we can prove compelling reasons worthy of protection for the processing which outweigh the interests, rights and freedoms of the person concerned or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
If Larova GmbH processes personal data in order to conduct direct advertising, the person concerned has the right to object at any time to the processing of the personal data for the purpose of such advertising. This also applies to profiling insofar as it is connected with such direct advertising. If the data subject objects to Larova GmbH processing for direct advertising purposes, Larova GmbH will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.
In addition, the data subject has the right to object to the processing of personal data concerning him/her that is carried out at Larova GmbH for scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes in accordance with Art. 89 para. 1 DS-GVO for reasons arising from his or her particular situation, unless such processing is necessary to fulfil a task in the public interest.
To exercise the right of objection, the person concerned may contact the data protection officer of Larova GmbH or another employee directly. The data subject shall also be free to exercise his right of opposition in relation to the use of information society services by means of automated procedures using technical specifications, notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC.
(h) automated decisions in individual cases including profiling
Any person data subject to the processing of personal data shall have the right granted by the European legislator of directives and regulations not to be subject to a decision based exclusively on automated processing, including profiling, which has legal effect against him or significantly affects him in a similar manner, provided that the decision (1) is not necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between the data subject and the data controller, or (2) is admissible under Union or Member State law to which the data controller is subject and that such law contains appropriate measures to safeguard the rights, freedoms and legitimate interests of the data subject, or (3) with the express consent of the data subject.
If the decision (1) is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between the data subject and the data controller or (2) is made with the express consent of the data subject, Jena Bioscience GmbH shall take appropriate measures to protect the rights and freedoms as well as the legitimate interests of the data subject, including at least the right to obtain the intervention of a data controller, to state his own position and to challenge the decision.
If the data subject wishes to assert rights relating to automated decisions, he/she may contact our data protection officer or another employee of the controller at any time.
(i) right to revoke consent under data protection law
Any person concerned by the processing of personal data has the right granted by the European legislator of directives and regulations to revoke consent to the processing of personal data at any time.
If the data subject wishes to exercise his/her right to withdraw his/her consent, he/she may contact our data protection officer or another employee of the controller at any time.
8) Data protection for applications and in the application procedure
The controller collects and processes the personal data of applicants for the purpose of processing the application procedure. Processing may also be carried out electronically. This is particularly the case if an applicant sends corresponding application documents to the controller by electronic means, for example by e-mail or via a web form on the website. If the controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the data transmitted will be stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with the statutory provisions. If the controller does not conclude an employment contract with the applicant, the application documents shall be automatically deleted two months after notification of the decision of refusal, provided that no other legitimate interests of the controller stand in the way of deletion. Other legitimate interest in this sense is, for example, a burden of proof in proceedings under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG).
9) Privacy policy regarding the use of Google Analytics (with anonymisation function)
The data controller has integrated the Google Analytics component (with anonymisation function) on this website. Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analysis is the collection, collection and evaluation of data on the behaviour of visitors to Internet sites. A web analysis service collects, among other things, data on the website from which a person concerned has accessed a website (so-called referrer), which subpages of the website have been accessed or how often and for how long a subpage has been viewed. A web analysis is mainly used to optimize a website and for cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.
The Google Analytics component is operated by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
The data controller uses the suffix "_gat._anonymizeIp" for the web analysis via Google Analytics. By means of this addition, Google shortens and anonymizes the IP address of the Internet connection of the person concerned when accessing our Internet pages from a member state of the European Union or from another state party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyse the flow of visitors to our website. Google uses the data and information collected to evaluate the use of our website, among other things, to compile online reports for us that show the activities on our website and to provide other services in connection with the use of our website.
Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the person concerned. What cookies are has already been explained above. By setting the cookie, Google is enabled to analyse the use of our website. Each time one of the individual pages of this website is called up, which is operated by the data controller and displayed on which integrates a Google Analytics component, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the person concerned is automatically prompted by the respective Google Analytics component to transmit data to Google for the purpose of online analysis. As part of this technical process, Google obtains knowledge of personal data, such as the IP address of the person concerned, which serves Google, among other things, to trace the origin of visitors and clicks and subsequently enable commission statements.
Cookies are used to store personal information, such as access time, the location from which access came and the frequency of visits to our website by the person concerned. Whenever you visit our website, this personal data, including the IP address of the Internet connection used by the person concerned, is transmitted to Google in the United States of America. This personal data is stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may disclose personal data collected through the technical process to third parties.
The person concerned can prevent the setting of cookies by our website at any time, as already described above, by means of an appropriate setting of the Internet browser used and thus permanently object to the setting of cookies. Such a setting of the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from placing a cookie on the information technology system of the person concerned. In addition, a cookie already set by Google Analytics can be deleted at any time via the Internet browser or other software programs.
Furthermore, it is possible for the person concerned to object to and prevent the collection of data generated by Google Analytics relating to the use of this website and the processing of this data by Google. To do this, the person concerned must download and install a browser add-on from the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . This browser add-on informs Google Analytics via JavaScript that no data and information on visits to websites may be transmitted to Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-on is considered a contradiction by Google. If the person's information technology system is deleted, formatted or reinstalled at a later time, the person concerned must reinstall the browser add-on to disable Google Analytics. If the browser add-on is uninstalled or deactivated by the person concerned or another person within their control, it is possible to reinstall or reactivate the browser add-on.
Further information and Google's current privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/ and http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html Google Analytics will be explained in more detail under this link https://www.google.com/intl/de_en/analytics/.
Deactivate Google Analytics
10) Privacy policy for the use of Google AdWords
The data controller has integrated Google AdWords on this website. Google AdWords is an Internet advertising service that allows advertisers to place ads in both Google's search engine results and the Google Advertising Network. Google AdWords allows an advertiser to pre-define certain keywords to display an ad in Google's search engine results only when the user uses the search engine to retrieve a keyword-relevant search result. On the Google Network, ads are distributed to thematically relevant websites using an automatic algorithm and using the previously defined keywords.
The operator of Google AdWords services is Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
The purpose of Google AdWords is to advertise our website by displaying interest-relevant advertising on the websites of third-party companies and in the search engine results of the search engine Google and a display of third-party advertising on our website.
If a person concerned reaches our website via a Google ad, a so-called conversion cookie is stored on the information technology system of the person concerned by Google. What cookies are has already been explained above. A conversion cookie loses its validity after thirty days and is not used to identify the person concerned. If the cookie has not yet expired, the conversion cookie is used to determine whether certain sub-pages, such as the shopping basket of an online shop system, have been called up on our website. The conversion cookie enables both us and Google to track whether a person who has accessed our website via an AdWords ad has generated revenue, i.e. has completed or cancelled a purchase of goods.
The data and information collected through the use of the conversion cookie is used by Google to generate visit statistics for our website. We use these visit statistics to determine the total number of users who have been referred to us via AdWords ads, i.e. to determine the success or failure of the respective AdWords ad and to optimize our AdWords ads for the future. Neither our company nor other Google AdWords advertisers receive information from Google that could identify the person concerned.
The conversion cookie is used to store personal information, such as the websites visited by the person concerned. Personal data, including the IP address of the Internet connection used by the person concerned, is therefore transferred to Google in the United States of America each time he or she visits our Internet pages. This personal data is stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may disclose personal data collected through the technical process to third parties.
The person concerned can prevent the setting of cookies by our website at any time, as already described above, by means of an appropriate setting of the Internet browser used and thus permanently object to the setting of cookies. Such a setting of the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from setting a conversion cookie on the information technology system of the person concerned. In addition, a cookie already set by Google AdWords can be deleted at any time via the Internet browser or other software programs.
Furthermore, the person concerned has the possibility to object to interest-based advertising by Google. To do this, the person concerned must access the www.google.de/settings/ads link from each of the Internet browsers they use and make the required settings there.
Further information and Google's current privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/
11) Data protection regulations on the use and application of LinkedIn
The controller has integrated components of LinkedIn Corporation on this website. LinkedIn is an Internet-based social network that enables users to connect to existing business contacts and make new business contacts. More than 400 million registered users in more than 200 countries use LinkedIn. This makes LinkedIn currently the largest platform for business contacts and one of the most visited websites in the world.
LinkedIn is operated by LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Privacy matters outside the USA are the responsibility of LinkedIn Ireland, Privacy Policy Issues, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. Each time our website is accessed and equipped with a LinkedIn component (LinkedIn plug-in), this component causes the browser used by the person concerned to download a corresponding representation of the LinkedIn component. Further information on the LinkedIn plug-ins can be found at https://developer.linkedin.com/plugins In the course of this technical procedure, LinkedIn is informed which specific subpage of our website is visited by the person concerned.
If the person concerned is simultaneously logged in to LinkedIn, every time the person concerned visits our website and for the entire duration of the respective stay on our website, LinkedIn recognizes which specific subpage of our website the person concerned visits. This information is collected by the LinkedIn component and assigned by LinkedIn to the respective LinkedIn account of the person concerned. If the person concerned clicks a LinkedIn button integrated on our website, LinkedIn assigns this information to the personal LinkedIn user account of the person concerned and stores this personal data.
LinkedIn receives information via the LinkedIn component that the person concerned has visited our website whenever the person concerned is logged in to LinkedIn at the same time as accessing our website; this happens regardless of whether the person concerned clicks on the LinkedIn component or not. If such a transmission of this information to LinkedIn is not desired by the person concerned, he can prevent the transmission by logging out of his LinkedIn account before calling up our website.
LinkedIn offers the possibility to unsubscribe e-mail messages, SMS messages and targeted ads as well as to manage ad settings at https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls LinkedIn also uses partners such as Quantcast, Google Analytics, BlueKai, DoubleClick, Nielsen, Comscore, Eloqua and Lotame who can set cookies. Such cookies can be rejected at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy LinkedIn's current privacy policy is available at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy LinkedIn's cookie policy is available at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy
12) Data protection regulations on the use and application of Twitter
The person responsible for processing has integrated components of Twitter on this website. Twitter is a multilingual public microblogging service on which users can publish and distribute so-called tweets, i.e. short messages limited to 140 characters. These short messages are available to everyone, including people who are not registered on Twitter. The tweets are also displayed to the so-called followers of the respective user. Followers are other Twitter users who follow a user's tweets. Furthermore, Twitter makes it possible to address a broad audience via hashtags, links or retweets.
Twitter is operated by Twitter, Inc, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.
Each time one of the individual pages of this website is called up, which is operated by the person responsible for processing and on which a Twitter component (Twitter button) has been integrated, the Internet browser on the person's information technology system is automatically prompted by the respective Twitter component to download a representation of the corresponding Twitter component from Twitter. Further information on the Twitter buttons can be found at https://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons As part of this technical process, Twitter is informed about which specific subpage of our website is visited by the person concerned. The purpose of integrating the Twitter component is to enable our users to disseminate the content of this website, to make this website known in the digital world and to increase our visitor numbers.
If the person concerned is logged in to Twitter at the same time, Twitter recognizes that every time the person concerned accesses our website and for the entire duration of the respective visit. This is the actual subpage of our website visited by the person concerned. This information is collected by the Twitter component and assigned to the respective Twitter account of the person concerned by Twitter. If the person concerned presses one of the Twitter buttons integrated on our website, the data and information thus transmitted will be assigned to the personal Twitter user account of the person concerned and stored and processed by Twitter.
Twitter receives information via the Twitter component that the person concerned has visited our website whenever the person concerned is logged on to Twitter at the same time as accessing our website; this happens regardless of whether the person concerned clicks on the Twitter component or not. If such a transmission of this information to Twitter is not desired by the person concerned, he can prevent the transmission by logging out of his Twitter account before calling our website.
The current data protection regulations of Twitter are available at https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.
13) Legal basis of the processing
Art. 6 I lit. a DS-GMO serves our company as a legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, as is the case for example with processing operations necessary for the delivery of goods or the provision of other services or consideration, the processing is based on Art. 6 I lit. b DS-GMO. The same applies to such processing processes that are necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures, for example in cases of enquiries about our products or services. If our company is subject to a legal obligation which requires the processing of personal data, for example to fulfil tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6 I lit. c DS-GMO. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may become necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information had to be passed on to a doctor, a hospital or other third parties. The processing would then be based on Art. 6 I lit. d DS-GMO. Ultimately, processing operations could be based on Art. 6 I lit. f DS-GMO. Processing operations which are not covered by any of the aforementioned legal bases are based on this legal basis if processing is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest of our company or a third party, provided that the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not prevail. We are permitted to carry out such processing procedures in particular because they can be carried out by means of the European legislator in particular. In this respect, it took the view that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the person concerned is a customer of the person responsible (recital 47, second sentence, DS-GMO).
14) Legitimate interests in the processing pursued by the controller or a third party
If the processing of personal data is based on Article 6 I lit. f DS-GMO, it is in our legitimate interest to conduct our business for the well-being of all our employees and our shareholders.
15) Duration for which the personal data is stored
The criterion for the duration of the storage of personal data is the respective legal retention period. After the expiry of this period, the corresponding data will be routinely deleted, provided that it is no longer necessary for the fulfilment or initiation of the contract.
16) Legal or contractual provisions for the provision of personal data; necessity for the conclusion of the contract; obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide them
We inform you that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or may also result from contractual regulations (e.g. information on the contractual partner). In some cases, it may be necessary for a contract to be concluded if a data subject provides us with personal data which must subsequently be processed by us. For example, the person concerned is obliged to provide us with personal data if our company enters into a contract with him/her. Failure to provide personal data would mean that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded. Prior to the provision of personal data by the data subject, the data subject must contact our data protection officer. Our data protection officer will inform the data subject on a case-by-case basis whether the provision of personal data is required by law or contract or required for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and what consequences the failure to provide the personal data would have.
17) Existence of automated decision making
As a responsible company, we do without automatic decision-making or profiling.
This data protection declaration was created by the data protection declaration generator of DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, which acts as external data protection officer for Stuttgart, in cooperation with the Cologne data protection lawyer Christian Solmecke.
©2001 - 2020 Larova GmbH
Sitemap | Imprint | Privacy Statement
dNTP (Deoxyribonucleotides)
Specifications
Applications
NTP (Ribonucleotides)
Specifications
Applications
DNA Polymerases
Specifications
Applications
Specialities and Services
The Nucleotide Company
About usOrder InformationContactDownloads