http://www.enar.org/about/policy.cfm
Join
IBS
Contact Us
MyENAR
MyENAR
2020 ENAR Election Ballot
My Profile
Dues Renewal
Member Directory
2020 Spring Meeting Poster Gallery
Logout
Member Login
MyENAR
MyENAR
My Profile
Dues Renewal
Member Directory
2020 Spring Meeting Poster Gallery
Logout
Member Login
Toggle navigation
About
About ENAR
ENAR Membership Brochure
Purposes & By-Laws
Officers & Committees
Members Benefits
ENAR Annual Business Meeting Minutes
Join ENAR
Officers Only
Meetings
Meetings
Future ENAR Meetings
Past ENAR Meetings
Other Industry Meetings
Education
ENAR Webinar Series
Career Center
Career Center
Spring Meeting Career Placement Service
Resources
Resources
Biometrics
Statistics Links
Partners
Partners
Join
IBS
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
The Eastern North American Region of the International Biometric Society (ENAR) respects the privacy of its members and other visitors to its website. ENAR has created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate its firm commitment to privacy and security. This Privacy Policy describes how ENAR collects information from users of the website, how the collected information is used, and the choices members and visitors have concerning the collection and use of such information. Please read the policy carefully and note that by using ENAR's website, members and visitors signify their agreement to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this privacy policy, you should not use our website.
ENAR will update this policy from time to time. Any revisions, amendments, or modifications will be posted on the website.
What information does ENAR collect and how is personal information used once it is collected?
Data that ENAR collects is used only to help ENAR better serve its members. It is ENAR's policy to collect and store only personal information that its members and visitors knowingly provide. Information collected online is defined as being either anonymous or personally identifiable.
Anonymous information refers to data that cannot be tied back to a specific individual. ENAR does not collect any personal information from users browsing its public website. Only aggregate data-such as the number of hits per page, browsers and platform types-is collected. Aggregate data is only used for internal and marketing purposes and does not provide any personally identifying information.
Personally, identifiable information refers to data that tells ENAR specifically who the visitor is. To gain access to members-only resources and personalization features on the ENAR website, members are asked to provide some limited information. This data is submitted voluntarily. ENAR asks users to provide their name and member number for Login purposes, and to verify contact information for convention registration.
The database storing ENAR membership contact information is a record that is held in trust. Its use for commercial or solicitation purposes is denied to all. Non-members will be denied requests for lists of members.
EU Data Subjects
Scope. This section applies if you are an individual located in the European Union or European Economic Area (collectively, "EU") ("EU Data Subject"). For these purposes, reference to the EU also includes the European Economic Area countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway and, where applicable, Switzerland.
Data Controller. ENAR is the data controller for the processing of your Personal Data.
Your Rights. Subject to applicable law, you have the following rights in relation to your Personal Data:
Right of access: If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data and, if so, provide you with a copy of that Personal Data (along with certain other details). If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.
Right to rectification: If your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have it rectified or completed. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the rectification where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to erasure: You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data and we will do so in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it (we may not delete your data when other interests outweigh your right to deletion). If we have shared your data with others, we will tell them about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to restrict processing: You may ask us to restrict or 'block' the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of that Personal Data or object to us processing it. We will tell you before we lift any restriction on processing. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the restriction where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to data portability: Effective 25 May 2018, you have the right to obtain your Personal Data from us that you consented to give us or that is necessary to perform a contract with you. We will give you your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You may reuse it elsewhere.
Right to object: You may ask us at any time to stop processing your Personal Data, and we will do so:
If we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your Personal Data — unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing; or
If we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing.
Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling: You have the right to be free from decisions based solely on automated processing of your Personal Data, including profiling, that affect you, unless such processing is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us or you provide your explicit consent to such processing.
Right to withdraw consent: If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your prior consent.
Right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority: If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we have handled your Personal Data, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns.
You may exercise your rights by contacting us as indicated under the "Contact Us" section below.
California Privacy Rights
In addition to the information provided in this Privacy Policy, under California's "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide "personal information" (as defined in the statute) in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us, once a calendar year, information about the personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of personal information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared such personal information for the immediately prior calendar year. To obtain this information, please contact us by sending a letter or calling us at the contact information below.
What are "cookies" and how does ENAR use them?
A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred from a website to the hard drive of a user's computer. This unique number identifies the user's web browser-but not the user-to ENAR computers whenever the user visits the ENAR website. A cookie will not provide personally identifiable information about users, such as their name and address. The use of cookies is now an industry standard and cookies are currently used on most major websites. Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If users prefer, they can reset their browser to notify them when they have received a cookie. They can also set their browser to refuse to accept cookies altogether. ENAR uses cookies only to facilitate automated activity such as to store and track passwords. Cookies are not used to disseminate significant information about users over the Internet or to analyze any information that users have knowingly or unknowingly provided. ENAR does not disclose credit card account information provided by its members. When members choose to use their credit cards, ENAR submits the information needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouse.
What privacy issues arise with links to other sites and who collects information and has access to it?
Data collected through ENAR's website is collected and maintained solely by ENAR.
This website contains links to other websites. ENAR has no control over, and is not responsible for, the privacy policies or content of such sites.
How can members modify their ENAR member information?
Members may change their information by sending an e-mail to enar@ENAR.org or by mail to the following postal address: ENAR, 11130 Sunrise Valley Drive, Suite 350, Reston, VA
20191 or by utilizing the club/member update feature in the members-only section of www.ENAR.org.
ENAR may occasionally need to send members messages pertaining to their use of the services and/or the sites. These messages are limited in that they, among other things, will clearly indicate the originator of the e-mail.
What types of security procedures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information?
ENAR has security measures in place to protect the information under its control. While the organization makes every effort to ensure the integrity and security of its network and systems, it cannot guarantee that its security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally obtaining information. ENAR will never sell member or visitors' information to a third party. Any information that is disclosed in public areas of ENAR's website, in the members-only Forum, or on the Internet may become public information. Members and visitors should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas.
Questions About ENAR's Privacy Policy.
If members or visitors have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact: ENAR, 11130 Sunrise Valley Drive, Suite 350, Reston, VA 20191, or send an e-mail to privacy@enar.org.