http://www.nanometrics.ca/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
Cookie Policy
Breadcrumb
Home
COOKIE POLICY
When you visit www.nanometrics.ca we (or third party data or ad networks we work with) may send one or more "cookies" to your computer or other devices. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers stored on your computer through your web browser and are used by most websites to help personalize your web experience.
Cookies may facilitate additional site features for enhanced performance and functionality such as remembering preferences, allowing social interactions, analyzing usage for site optimization, providing custom content, allowing third parties to provide social sharing tools, and serving images or videos from third party websites. Some features on this site will not function if you do not allow cookies. We may link the information we store in cookies to any Personal Information you submit while on our site.
We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interest of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Functional cookies, persistent and session type, store information to enable core site functionality.
Analytics cookies allow us to count page visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site and our marketing campaigns.
Advertising cookies may be set through our website by our advertising partners. Data may be collected by these companies that enable them to serve up advertisements on other sites that are relevant to your interests.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING COOKIES:
We use cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these interests are not overridden by your rights), or depending on the jurisdiction in your location and, in some cases, where you have consented to their use.
WE USE THE FOLLOWING TYPES OF COOKIES:
Strictly necessary cookies.
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Sites and under our terms with you, where applicable. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our Sites.
Analytical/performance cookies.
They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how you move around our Sites when you are using them. This helps us for our legitimate interests of improving the way our Sites work, for example, by ensuring that you are finding what you are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies.
These are used to recognise you when you return to our Sites. This enables us, subject to your choices and preferences, to personalise our content, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region)
Targeting/Advertising cookies.
These cookies record your visit to our Sites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information subject to your choices and preferences to make our Sites and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
We may also work with third party advertising networks that gather information about the content on our Sites you visit and on information on other websites and services you visit. This may result in you seeing our advertisements when you visit other websites and services of third parties.
Your browser settings can be changed to delete existing cookies and to reject new cookies using the links below, note that declining cookies may limit your experience on the website:
•    Firefox
•    Chrome
•    Safari
•    Microsoft Edge
•    Internet Explorer
You can alternatively use third party services to opt out of advertising cookies across multiple sites such as: Network Advertising Initiative (https://optout.networkadvertising.org) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (https://www.aboutads.info).
The Nanometrics’ website uses the following third party cookies. Opting out of cookies on the Nanometrics website does not extend to these sites, they must be opted out of independently:
Google Adwords and Analytics and YouTube
Used to analyze and measure general website traffic trends as well as for ad serving and ad targeting across the Google network (including remarketing advertising and advertising to similar audiences).
Manage or opt out of Google advertising cookies https://adssettings.google.com and analytics cookies https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Google Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy
LinkedIn Marketing Solutions
Used for ad serving and ad targeting across the LinkedIn network (including remarketing advertising and advertising to similar audiences).
Manage or opt out of LinkedIn advertising cookies: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/advertising?trk=
LinkedIn Privacy Policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Solutions
Pegasus Data Acquisition Ecosystem
Pegasus Key Attributes
Low-Power Seismic Solutions
Ocean Bottom Solutions
Permanent/National Networks
Replacing Puerto Rico’s Seismic Network
Global Observational Seismology
Authenticated Global Monitoring Solution
Temporary/Portable networks
Strong Motion Monitoring
Structural Monitoring
Civil defense/Earthquake early warning
Shake Maps in Earthquake Early Warning
Custom Seismic Monitoring Services
Products
Seismometers
Trillium Compact
Trillium Compact Horizon
Trillium Compact Posthole
Trillium Cascadia
Trillium Horizon 120
Trillium Horizon 360
Trillium 120 Posthole
Trillium 120 Borehole
Trillium 120 Slim Posthole
Trillium 360 GSN Series
Trillium Compact OBS
Meridian Compact Posthole
Meridian Posthole
Accelerometers
Titan Accelerometer
Titan SMA
Titan EA
Titan Posthole Accelerometer
Trillium Cascadia
Digitizers
Centaur Digital Recorder
Pegasus Digital Recorder
PegasusOBS Digital Recorder
Meridian Compact Posthole
Meridian Posthole
Software
Apollo Server
Apollo Project
Athena
Communications
Accessories
Trillium Cascadia integration kit
Services
Passive Seismic Monitoring
Induced Seismicity Monitoring
Ground Motion Monitoring
Subscription Arrays
Athena Data Management System
Microseismic Monitoring (PFI)
Seismic Hazard Assessment Services
AI Analyst
Salt Water Disposal Monitoring
Structural Health Monitoring
Our Science
Article
Brochure
Case Studies
Presentation/Poster
About Us
Careers
Our People
Our Products
Our Perks
Our Positions
Our Leadership
Our Customers
LIGO
Israel EEW network
Transportable Array
Our Story
Authorized Dealers
News
Disclaimer/EULA
Full EULA
Warranty Statement
Contact
Search