https://www.am-pharma.com/cookie-policy/
Cookies Policy
This website is operated by AM-Pharma Holding B.V./AM-Pharma B.V. (together “AM-Pharma”, “we”, “us” or “our”). This policy (“Cookies Policy”) sets out how we use cookies when you visit our website.
(a) Our Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to gather general information about the browsing activities of visitors to this website. This allows us to constantly improve the website to continually meet the users’ needs.
A cookie is a small data file that is placed on your computer by your web browser when you visit the website. It is a tool that stores information about website visits, recognises you and your preferences each time you visit our website, and ensures website functionality and generally improving your experience of the website.
AM-Pharma uses the following categories of cookies on this website:
Performance cookies: these are analytics cookies that allow us to collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. This helps us to improve the way the website works and allows us to test different ideas on the site.
These cookies are dropped after you have consented via the cookie banner on our website.
We may change our use of cookies over time, but our use of cookies will generally fall into the above categories. Please visit this page regularly so that you are aware of any changes.
(b) Opting out of Cookies
You can withdraw your consent at any time, for example by deleting the cookies or by opting out via our opt-out mechanism. If you do not accept all cookies or withdraw your consent, you may still browse the Website; however, in this case you may not be able to use the full functionalities of the Website.
You may also configure the settings of your browser to activate, disable or delete cookies. Detailed instructions are provided by your browser. If you disable or delete cookies, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit the website and some functionalities may not work.
For more information on cookies and how they can be managed and deleted please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
(c) Third party cookies
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereinafter referred to as “Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help a website to analyse how users use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted and stored by Google on servers in the USA.
You can block the cookie’s collection of data regarding your use of this website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser add-on found under the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
As an alternative to the browser add-on, you can go to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout in order to opt out from being tracked by Google Analytics within this website in the future. An opt-out cookie will be stored on your device, which means that you will have to click this link again if you delete your cookies.
Contact us
If you have any questions about how we use cookies, please feel free to contact us at: info@am-pharma.com.
Dated: 16th July 2020
Privacy Policy
© AM-Pharma B.V.Website by BTTR
Scroll to top
We use cookies to help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. For more information about how we use cookies please see our Cookies PolicyAcceptReject
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Other cookies
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:
Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification only