http://www.aims.gov.au/docs/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy | AIMS
Skip to main content
Enter search terms
Main navigation
Menu
Close
Home
About
Research
Data
Media
Publications
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Using this website
This is a cookie-free site. When you look at this site, AIMS makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes: the user's server address, the user's top level domain name (eg. .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc.), the date and time of the visit to the site, the pages accessed and documents downloaded, the previous site visited and the type of browser used.
No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the service provider's logs.
We will only record your e-mail address if you send us a message. It will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list unless you have requested it. We will not use your e-mail address for any other purpose and will not disclose it without your consent. Information you provide via this site will be transmitted via the internet to AIMS.
The internet is inherently insecure and this information may be intercepted by parties other than AIMS. If you do not wish to risk this information being seen by parties other than AIMS please do not submit information using this site. Instead please print out the form, complete the details by hand and fax or mail these details to the address on the form.
AIMS Privacy Policy (PDF 257KB)
Privacy policy collection statement (PDF 279 KB)
Footer
About Us
Research
Data
Media
Publications
Contact
Newsletter
Scroll to top
Footer Secondary
FOI Disclosure
Information Publication Scheme
Public Interest Disclosure scheme
Attributing AIMS
Copyright Notice
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
© 1996-2019 Australian Institute of Marine Science
Back to top