http://www.geolsoc.org.uk/privacy
This website uses cookies
This website uses cookies to give you the best user experience.  You have disabled cookies which will render many features of the GSL website unusable. To change your cookie settings, select the option below and follow the instructions. These instructions are also obtainable from the privacy & cookies link at the bottom of any GSL page.
This website uses cookies to give you the best user experience. If you continue without changing your settings we'll assume you are happy to receive all GSL cookies. To change your cookie settings, select the option below and follow the instructions. These instructions are also obtainable from the privacy & cookies link at the bottom of any GSL page.
Find out more
Product has been added to the basket
MyGSL help
Support us
The Geological Society
LOGIN
Basket: No items. Total £ 0.00  View
Membership &Chartership
Publications
Library & InformationServices
Events
Education &Careers
Outreach &Policy
GeoscientistOnline
Groups &Networks
About us
MEMBERSHIP & CHARTERSHIP
The Geological Society offers grades of membership for every stage of your career, from student to retirement. Find out about the benefits of membership, and how we can help you achieve and maintain Chartered status.
Join the Society
Fees
Already a Member?
Benefits
Renew your Fellowship
Renewal FAQs
Get involved
Update your details
Fellowship Code of Conduct
Fellowship Directory
Chartership and professional
Information for Applicants
Information for Scrutineers
Information for Sponsors
Mentoring
Post-Chartership qualifications
Chartership FAQs
CPD scheme
Accredited CPD and training course listings
CPD help and guidance
Fellowship Strategy
Partner with us
Corporate Patrons
Associated Societies
Accreditation of Company Training Schemes
Professional Registers
PUBLICATIONS
Information about the Geological Society’s internationally acclaimed books and journals for authors, editors, librarians and readers. Order publications, find out about the Lyell Collection and read guidelines for preparing a paper or submitting a book proposal.
Bookshop
New publications
Sale and special offers
Titles coming soon
Geo gifts
Bookshop help
Lyell Collection
What does it include?
Using the Lyell Collection
Access and subscription prices
Access for Fellows
Geofacets
Online First
Online journal alerts
Sponsors
Lyell Collection FAQs
Contact us
Testimonials
Online Archives
Information for libraries
Catalogues
Geofacets-GSL Millennium Edition
Journals
Online journal access
Journal of the Geological Society
Quarterly Journal of Engineering Geology and Hydrogeology
Petroleum Geoscience
Geochemistry Exploration Environment Analysis
Scottish Journal of Geology
Proceedings of the Yorkshire Geological Society
Earth Science, Systems and Society
Journal of Micropalaeontology
Geology Today
Transactions of the Geological Society
Transactions of the Edinburgh Geological Society
Transactions of the Geological Society of Glasgow
Publication metrics
Contact us
Books
How to propose a volume
Special Publications
Engineering Geology Special Publications
Memoirs
'Geology Of...' Series
Petroleum Geology Conference Proceedings
Other books
IAVCEI Special Publications
TMS Special Publications
International agents and distributors
Review copies
Contact us
Permissions
Open Access Publishing
Instructions for authors
Top tips
Guidelines for reviewers
Supplementary Publications
Publishing policies
LIBRARY
Discover and access geoscience information resources via one of the world’s premier Earth science libraries. Search our collection of printed books, maps and journals, e-resources, bibliographic databases and archives.
Library Catalogue
Virtual Library
E-journals
E-books
E-maps
Visiting the Library
Library services
Loans
Document delivery
Literature searches
Inter-library loans
The Map Room
Archives & Special Collections
Support our collections
Picture Library
Online exhibitions
Library Events
Burlington House Bookshop
Library Strategy 2017 - 2026
2020 Library review
Library FAQs
EVENTS
Search the events calendar for forthcoming conferences and events, and view past meeting resources. Enquire about room hire and conference facilities at Burlington House.
Virtual events
Events calendar
Society events
CPD events
Public Lectures 2021
2020 Year of Life
Past meeting resources
Venue hire
Virtual tour
Enquiry form
Meeting proposals
Meeting categories
Meeting publications
Timing a proposal
Submitting a proposal
EDUCATION & CAREERS
Information and resources for teachers and students from
primary education onwards; for those making careers choices
after A-levels including undergraduate and further degrees
at university; and for those seeking professional
geosciences training or exploring lifelong learning
opportunities.
Schools
Geology at school
Primary Science: Terrific Scientific
Geoscience Education Academy
Schools Affiliate Scheme
Junior memberships
Geology STEM Ambassadors: school visits
Schools Geology Challenge
Teaching resources
Factsheets
Activities and presentations
Posters
Rock sets
Lesson plans
Field work resources
Fun Kids radio programmes
Microsite: The Rock Cycle
Microsite: Plate Tectonics
Universities
Geology at university
Accredited degrees and university departments
Teaching resources and organisations
University Geoscience UK
Education & Outreach Network
Grants and awards
GSL-ZEISS Scholarship
Early Career Geologist award
Careers information
Careers leaflets
Careers days
Microsite: Geology Career Pathways
Jobs
I'm an Earth Scientist
Lifelong learning
Endorsed training courses
OUTREACH & POLICY
Updates on outreach activities, information about how the geosciences interact with society, details of policy related meetings, consultation responses, and policy briefing notes.
Outreach
100 Great Geosites
Plate Tectonic Stories
100 Years of Female Fellows
Earth Science Week 2020
Policy
Expertise database
Geoscience and the EU Referendum
Geology for Society
Consultations
Policy briefing notes and statements
Critical issues in geology
GEOSCIENTIST
Geoscientist is the Fellowship magazine of the Geological Society: with news about science, people, the Society, features, reviews, opinion, letters and forthcoming events.  All this, and more, can be found sooner here, in our online version.
December 2020
About Geoscientist
Advertisement and subscription rates
Information for authors
Previous issues
Search articles
Letters
Books and arts
2020 book reviews
Books available for review
Instructions for reviewers and publishers
GROUPS & NETWORKS
Information on our Specialist and Regional groups, Joint Associations and Networks. Keep up to date with activities, news and events and find out how Fellows can get involved.
Commissions
Joint Committee for Palaeontology
Stratigraphy Commission
Higher Education Network
Environment Network
Early Career Network
International Groups
Specialist Groups
British Geophysical Association
British Sedimentological Research Group
British Society for Geomorphology
Contaminated Land Group
Earth System Science Group
Energy Group
Engineering Group
Forensic Geoscience Group
Geochemistry Group
Geological Curators' Group
Geological Society Discussion Group
Specialist Groups Cont.
Geological Remote Sensing Group
Geoscience Information Group
History of Geology Group
Hydrogeological Group
Marine Studies Group
Metamorphic Studies Group
Mineral Deposits Studies Group
Near Surface Geophysics Group
Quaternary Research Association
Tectonic Studies Group
Volcanic and Magmatic Studies Group
Regional Groups
Central Scotland
East Anglian
East Midlands
Home Counties North
Hong Kong
North West
Northern
Northern Ireland
Solent
South East
South West
Southern Wales
Thames Valley
West Midlands
Western
Yorkshire
Save
ABOUT US
The Geological Society of London is the UK's national society for geoscience, providing support to over 12,000 members in the UK and overseas. Founded in 1807, we are the oldest geological society in the world.
Contact us
History
Index of obituaries, 1828 to date
Obituaries 2001 onwards
Visiting the William Smith Map
Awards, grants and bursaries
Society awards
Research grants
Bursaries
Honorary Fellows
Governance
Council
Council elections 2021
Reporting committees
AGMs and OGMs
Annual summaries
Diversity in the geosciences
Themed years
Support us
Working for the Society
Burlington House jobs
Publishing House jobs
Staff
Equal Opportunities Statement
Policies
Use of logos and images
Email newsletters
Press Office
FAQs
Accessibility
Professional standards
Partner with us
Privacy notice
Home > General information > Privacy & Cookies
General information
Contact us
Accessibility at the Geological Society
FAQs
Website Accessibility
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookies
Privacy and cookiesNavigation
Who we are
Information that we collect
How the GSL uses your personal data (legal basis for processing)
Your rights
Sharing and disclosing your personal information
Safeguarding measures
Transfers outside the EU (if applicable)
Consequences of not providing your data
Legitimate interests
How long we keep your data
Special categories data
Marketing
Consent
Lodging a complaint
Cookie notice
Who we are
The Geological Society of London (‘GSL’) (‘we’ or ‘us’ or ‘our’) gathers and processes your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and in compliance with the relevant data protection Regulation and laws. This notice provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations, and explains how, why and when we process your personal data.
The Geological Society of London’s registered office is at Burlington House, Piccadilly, London W1J 0BG and we are a registered Charity in England and Wales under number 210161. We are registered on the Information Commissioner's Office Register registration number Z6454263, and act as the data controller. Our designated Data Protection Officer can be contacted via the following methods:
Email: dpo@geolsoc.org.uk
Tel: 020 7434 9944
Post: Data Protection Officer, The Geological Society of London, Burlington House, Piccadilly, London W1J 0BG
Information that we collect
GSL processes your personal information to meet its legal, statutory and contractual obligations and to provide you with our products and services. The GSL will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and will not process your information in any way, other than as specified in this notice.
The personal data that we collect from you is:
Name
Date of birth
Home address
Business/institute address
Personal email
Business email
Home telephone number
Mobile telephone number
Special category data (i.e. health/medical information, details about religion and gender, diversity, etc.)
Bank card details (to process payments for membership or Library services, for example)
Photos in some instances (for publication in journals and our website, for example)
Signature (on paper forms such as Fellowship application forms)
Status/qualifications/academic history
CCTV footage on visiting our premises
We collect information in the below ways:
Email
Telephone
Post
Online forms
Paper forms
Excel and Word documents
PDF documents (scans)
How the GSL uses your personal data (legal basis for processing)
GSL takes your privacy very seriously and will never disclose, share or sell your data without your consent; unless required to do so by law. The GSL only retains your data for as long as is necessary and for the purposes specified in this notice. Where you have consented to the GSL providing you with promotional offers and marketing, you are free to withdraw this consent at any time.
The purposes and reasons for processing your personal data are detailed below:
The GSL may collect your personal data in the performance of a contract or to provide a service and to ensure that orders are completed and can be sent out to your preferred address
The GSL may collect and store your personal data as part of our legal obligation for business accounting and tax purposes
The GSL may occasionally send you marketing information where it is assessed it would be beneficial to you as a customer and in our interests. Such information will be non-intrusive and is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests
The GSL may collect, store and archive some personal data to perform a task in the public interest or for its official functions, and the task or function has a clear basis in law.
Your rights
You have the right to access any personal information that GSL processes about you and to request information about:
What personal data the GSL holds about you
The purposes of the processing
The categories of personal data concerned
The recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed
How long the GSL intends to store your personal data for
If the GSL did not collect the data directly from you, information about the source
If you believe that the GSL holds any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or complete the information. The GSL will strive to update/correct it as quickly as possible unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.
You also have the right to request erasure of your personal data or to restrict processing (where applicable) in accordance with data protection laws, as well as to object to any direct marketing from us, to exercise your data portability rights and to be informed about any automated decision-making we may use.
If the GSL receives a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, it may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the request; this is to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure.
Sharing and disclosing your personal information
The GSL will not share or disclose any of your personal information without your consent, other than for the purposes specified in this notice or where there is a legal requirement. GSL uses third-parties so that it can provide you with the various services and products that it offers. All processors acting on our behalf only process your data in accordance with instructions from the GSL and comply fully with this privacy notice, the data protection laws and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Safeguarding measures
GSL takes your privacy seriously and takes every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data. It works hard to protect you and your information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and has programs in place to deploy several layers of security measures, including:
Encryption of devices such as but not limited to USB Sticks and Flash Drives.
Regular staff training.
Anonymisation of sensitive data.
Data retained for only as long as is necessary.
We are certified by the Government’s “Cyber Essentials” scheme to help us avoid cyber-attacks and other IT related security risks.
Antivirus measures on IT hardware.
Transfers outside the EU (if applicable)
Personal data in the European Union is protected by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) but some other countries may not necessarily have the same high standard of protection for your personal data.
The Society utilises some products or services (or parts of them) that may be hosted/stored in the U.S.A., which means that we may transfer any information which is submitted by you through the website outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") for the purposes below:
Management of its email system
Storage of your data on our database server
Third party service providers (see above under “Sharing and disclosing your personal information”)
Consequences of not providing your data
You are not obligated to provide your personal information to GSL. However, as this information is required for us to provide you with our services/deliver your products/legitimate interests, the GSL will not be able to offer some/all of our products or services without it.
Legitimate interests
As noted in the ‘How we use your personal data’ section of this notice, the GSL occasionally processes your personal information under the ‘legitimate interests’ legal basis. Where this is the case, the GSL will have carried out a Legitimate Interests Assessment (LIA) to ensure your interests have been considered and any risk posed to you against our own and that such interests are proportionate and appropriate.
The GSL uses the legitimate interests’ legal basis for processing the type of data listed below and has identified our interests as detailed below:
Email and other addresses for communicating with our members for the purposes of administering their membership with GSL.
Email addresses and telephone numbers to communicate with individuals who raise an enquiry with the library at GSL. Individuals would reasonably expect GSL to use their data for this purpose as, without it, the library could not communicate with the individual regarding their enquiry or search results.
Use of email and other addresses to send newsletters and marketing material to members and other individuals who have recently interacted with GSL or used GSL’s services on the basis that these categories of individuals would reasonably expect to receive this type of material. This may include fundraising requests for support.  Any individual is able to object to receiving such material through the use of the unsubscribe facility contained in each email communication.
Sending emails to members of the geological community to invite such individuals to contribute to material GSL publishes or intends to publish. This is on the basis those individuals are happy to contribute to a community they are associated with and wish to further their own reputation within the field of geology. No individual is obliged to respond and can object to the processing of their data at any time.
Processing of personal data on job applications GSL receives from time to time. This is to enable GSL to determine whether a candidate is appropriate for any employment position at GSL and to be able to contact the candidate for interview and offer of employment purposes. Job applications of unsuccessful applicants are stored for a minimal period before destruction or deletion from our records/systems.
Individual names of attendees at conferences organised by GSL or held at GSL’s premises are used to create a list of delegates. This is to enable name badges to be printed in advance, special dietary requirements to be noted and acted upon, enable all attendees to be aware of who is in attendance and also for safety purposes in the event of evacuation of the building.
Email addresses and telephone numbers of teachers and professional geologists for the provision of education to schools. This follows an approach to GSL by a teacher or professional geologist who expresses a desire to help schools deliver geology based education.
How long we keep your data
GSL only ever retains personal information for as long as is necessary and has strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations. For example, we are required under UK tax law to keep your basic personal data (name, address, contact details) for a minimum of 6 years after which time it will be destroyed.
Where you have consented to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data until you notify us otherwise and/or withdraw your consent.
Special categories data
Owing to the products or services that it offers, on rare occasions the GSL will need to process sensitive personal information (known as special category data) from you. For example, we may need to know your dietary requirements for when you attend a function organised by GSL. Where we collect such information, we will only request and process the minimum necessary for the specified purpose and identify a compliant legal basis for doing so. Where we rely on your consent for processing special category data, we will obtain your explicit consent through a signature or other explicit mechanism. You can modify or withdraw consent at any time, which we will act on immediately, unless there is a legitimate or legal reason for not doing so.
Marketing
Legitimate interests example
The GSL will occasionally send you communications regarding our products, services or promotions by email, SMS or post that have been identified as being beneficial to our customers/ subscribers and in our interests. Such information will be relevant to you as a customer/subscribers and you will always have the option to unsubscribe at any time.
If you would prefer not to receive above-mentioned marketing and offers, please unsubscribe from marketing.
Consent
If Legitimate Interests is not the appropriate way to contact you, GSL would like to contact you with regarding our products, services or promotions that we provide, but using your consent. If you consent to us using your contact details for these purposes, you have the right to modify or withdraw your consent at any time by using the opt-out/unsubscribe options or by contacting GSL directly.
In these circumstances, we only contact you if you have already given your specific consent. At that point we will ask you how you want to be contacted i.e. by post, email, telephone or text.
If, however, you wish to opt-out of marketing, please unsubscribe from marketing.
Lodging a complaint
The GSL processes your personal information in compliance with this privacy notice and in accordance with the relevant data protection laws. If, however you wish to raise a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
GSL contact
Email: dpo@geolsoc.org.uk
Tel: 020 7434 9944
Post: Data Protection Officer, The Geological Society of London, Burlington House, Piccadilly, London W1J 0BG
ICO contact
Email: casework@ico.org.uk
Tel: 0303 123 1113 (local rate) or 01625 545 745
Post: Information Commissioners Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF
Cookie notice
A ‘cookie’ is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on the user’s computer by the user’s web browser while the user is browsing. When you visit a site that uses cookies for the first time, a cookie is downloaded onto your computer/mobile device so that the next time you visit that site, your device will remember useful information such as items added in the shopping cart, visited pages or logging in options.
Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or to work more efficiently, and our site relies on cookies to optimise your user experience and for features, products and services to function properly.
Most web browsers allow some control to restrict or block cookies through the browser settings, however if you disable cookies you may find this affects your ability to use certain parts of our website or services. For more information about cookies, visit About Cookies.
Quick LinksJoin the SocietyAlready a Member?BookshopLyell CollectionEventsLibrary CatalogueThe GSL Fellowship DirectoryPodcastsGeoscientist OnlineCPD ReportingVenue hire: The Geological Society of London, Burlington HouseContact usFAQsWebsite AccessibilityTerms and ConditionsPrivacy and cookiesSite map© 2012 The Geological Society of London, registered charity, number: 210161