http://www.carbonfootprint.com/termsandconditions.html
Toggle navigation
CALCULATE
Calculate
Free calculators
Carbon Tracker
Calculator FAQs
Web Apps
OFFSETTING
Offsetting
Our Offset Projects
Tree Planting
Quality - QAS
Neutrality
CO2 Zoo
CSR
Offsetting Videos
Carbon Offsetting FAQs
BUSINESSES
Business Services
Carbon Footprinting
Verification
Compliance
Carbon Reduction
Airlines-CORSIA
Product Footprinting
Service Footprinting
Supply Chain Footprinting
Standards
Other Services
INFORMATION
Climate Change
Why Carbon Offset Now & COVID-19
Reduce Emissions
Shopping Basket Footprint
Homework Footprint
Deforestation
Sustainable Flying
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
Videos
Carbon Benchmarking
International Electricity Factors
Search Emission Factors
ABOUT US
About Us
Our Team
Our Clients
Our Sustainability
Our News
Join Us
CONTACT
Contact Us
MY ACCOUNT
My Account
Shopping Basket
Terms And Conditions
Disclaimer
This website is provided by Carbon Footprint Ltd on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
Carbon Footprint Ltd has taken reasonable care to ensure that information is accurate at the time it was added to this we site. The website is intended to provide information and guidance only. Carbon Footprint Ltd is not liable for any incorrect or misrepresented information on this web site.
Carbon Footprint Ltd makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site, the information, content, materials or products, included on this web site. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Carbon Footprint Ltd disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
Carbon Footprint Ltd will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages.
Calculator
The carbon footprint calculator has been produced on a best efforts basis. The conversion factors used in the calculator come from a variety of sources including BEIS's Greenhouse gas reporting: conversion factors - August 2017, the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), US Department for Energy (DOE), Green House Office - Australia, and Canadian Standards Association (CSA) GHG Registries. Carbon Footprint Ltd, has taken reasonable care to ensure the information is accurate, but cannot be held liable for any errors or omissions.
Tree Offsets
In the calculation of the number of trees required to offset the carbon emissions, Carbon Footprint Ltd has used the estimation that on average one tree will offset 1tCO2e during its full-lifetime of approximately 100 years. The actual amount of carbon sequestration varies depending on a number of factors such as the tree type, its location and available growth room. Some trees will offset less than this amount of CO2, whilst others will offset more during their lifetime.
Carbon Footprint Ltd with its tree-planting partners will ensure the correct number of trees is planted and will use best endeavours to ensure the trees are planted in the chosen areas. There may be instances when it is not possible to plant a tree in the area requested. For these cases, Carbon Footprint Ltd and its tree-planting partner reserve the right to plant the tree(s) in a nearby location.
Other Offsets
Availability of credits on projects do change over time. In the unlikely event that carbon credits are no longer available on the particular project you have purchased, Carbon Footprint Ltd will ensure the appropriate amount of Carbon Dioxide is offset through an alternative project, which has at least the same verification or quality standard, and will be of the same general type of project (i.e. renewable energy, or improved energy efficiency).
Carbon Footprint will group orders together, and purchase and retire verified carbon credits. This is done periodically. We only choose projects that meet the international standards specified in the project descriptions.
Copyright
The material and information contained within this website or provided by Carbon Footprint Ltd are for your personal use and may not be distributed or used for commercial purposes.
All content included on this website, including but not limited to text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, and software, is the property of Carbon Footprint Ltd or its content suppliers (as applicable) and protected by UK and international copyright laws. Any use, including, but not limited to, the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance of the content on this site is strictly prohibited.
Trademarks
The “carbon footprint” logo and the phrase “It doesn’t cost the Earth to save the planet” are trademarks of Carbon Footprint Ltd and may not be used in connection with any other product or service that is not that of Carbon Footprint Ltd in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among its customers, or in any manner disparages Carbon Footprint Ltd.
Applicable law
This site is created and controlled by Carbon Footprint Ltd in England. As such, the laws of England will govern these disclaimers, terms and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
GDPR Privacy Policy 2018
GDPR Privacy Notice
Introduction
This policy refers to personal data, this is defined as information concerning any living person (a 'Data Subject') that is not already in the public domain.
The General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) aim to protect and enhance the rights of data subjects. These rights cover the safeguarding of personal data, protection against the unlawful processing of personal data and the unrestricted movement of personal data within the EU.
Carbon Footprint Ltd (Carbon Footprint) is pleased to provide the following GDPR information:
Who we are
Carbon Footprint is a sustainability consultancy to businesses, public and third sector organisations and also to consumers.
Personal Data
You do not have to provide any personal data to use our web-site and the carbon calculators, though you may find this beneficial to do so (e.g. for Business Calculator usage).
We may use information collected from you to provide quotations, make telephone contact and to email you legislative and best practice information that we believe to be beneficial to you/your business in terms of your legislative compliance, business reputation and reducing operational costs.
By making initial contact with us (by telephone, email or on-line form) you consent to Carbon Footprint maintaining a dialogue towards your request until you request otherwise/ we decide to desist.
Some personal data may be collected about you from the forms and surveys you complete, from records of our correspondence and phone calls and details of your visits to our website, including but not limited to personally-identifying information, e.g. Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Carbon Footprint may from time to time use such information to identify its visitors. Carbon Footprint may also collect statistics about the behaviour of visitors to its website.
Carbon Footprint website uses cookies - strings of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer. The visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Carbon Footprint does not use cookies to identify visitors. Carbon Footprint website visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Carbon Footprint website.
Any information Carbon Footprint holds about you and your business encompasses all the details we hold about you and any sales transactions including any third-party information we have obtain about you from public sources and our own suppliers; e.g. credit referencing agencies.
Carbon Footprint will only collect the information needed so that it can provide you with sustainability services; we do not sell or broker your data.
Legal basis for processing any personal data
To meet Carbon Footprint contractual obligations to clients and to also respond to inbound enquiries.
To benefit our contacts in terms of their legal compliance.
Legitimate interests pursued by Carbon Footprint and/or its clients
To promote the sustainability services offered by Carbon Footprint and/or to market the services to Carbon Footprint existing clients and contacts in the interests of protecting brand reputation/standing, operational costs and general environmental protection and best practice.
Consent
Through agreeing to this privacy notice you are consenting to Carbon Footprint processing your personal data for the purposes outlined. You can withdraw consent at any time by emailing the info@carbonfootprint.com /phone +44 (0)1256 592599 or writing to us, see last section for full contact details.
Disclosure
Carbon Footprint may on occasions pass some personal data to third party suppliers in support of fulfilment of the client request/web-site experience – these include but are not limited to Paypal, GoogleAnalaytics, and social media (only on user action – e.g. clicking ’like’ icons). Carbon Footprint never knowingly engages with third parties whose own processing is in breach of GDPR. Carbon Footprint do not broker or pass on information gained from your engagement with the agency without your consent. However, Carbon Footprint may disclose your Personal Information to meet legal obligations, regulations or valid governmental request. Carbon Footprint may also enforce its Terms and Conditions, including investigating potential violations of its Terms and Conditions to detect, prevent or mitigate fraud or security or technical issues; or to protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of Carbon Footprint, its clients/staff and wider public.
Retention Policy
Carbon Footprint will process personal data during the duration of any contract and will continue to store only the personal data needed for at least 5 years after the contract has expired to meet any legal obligations. After 5 years any personal data not needed may be deleted by us.
Data Storage
Data is held on secure servers, currently based in the EEA.
Your rights as a data subject
At any point whilst Carbon Footprint is in possession of or processing your personal data, all data subjects, have the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing, e.g. direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Should we refuse your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why, which you have the right to legally challenge.
Carbon Footprint at your request can confirm what information is hld about you and how it is processed
You can request the following information:
Identity and the contact details of the person or organisation (Carbon Footprint) that has determined how and why to process your data.
Contact details of the data protection officer (DPO), where applicable.
The purpose of the processing as well as the legal basis for processing.
If the processing is based on the legitimate interests of Carbon Footprint or a third party such as one of its clients, information about those interests.
The categories of personal data collected, stored and processed.
Recipient(s) or categories of recipients that the data is/will be disclosed to.
How long the data will be stored.
Details of your rights to correct, erase, restrict or object to such processing.
Information about your right to withdraw consent at any time.
How to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority (ICO).
Whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, as well as whether you are obliged to provide the personal data and the possible consequences of failing to provide such data.
The source of personal data if it wasn’t collected directly from you.
Any details and information of automated decision making (e.g. such as profiling), and any meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and expected consequences of such processing.
To access what personal data is held, identification will be required
Carbon Footprint will accept the following forms of ID when information on your personal data is requested:
Copy driving licence, passport, birth certificate and recent utility bill (<three months old). One piece of photographic ID (listed above) is needed. We reserve the right to ask for further information should we be dissatisfied with the ID provided.
All requests should be made to info@carbonfootprint.com.
Complaints
Should you wish to make a compliant about personal data use by Carbon Footprint, you have the right to complain to us. If you do not get a response within 30 days you can complain to the ICO.
The details for each of these contacts are:
Carbon Footprint Ltd, attention Managing Director
Carbon Footprint LtdBelvedere HouseBasing ViewBasingstokeHampshire, RG21 4HG, UK
Telephone +44 (0)1256 592599
info@carbonfootprint.com
ICO
Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF
Telephone 0303 123 1113 or email: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/
Refund Policy
At Carbon Footprint Ltd we want you to be fully satisfied with your online purchases. In the rare instance that you receive an item which does not work properly, then you can always return it. If this is the case we ask that you to return the product within 14 days, with a note explaining the problem. For defective hard goods we will give you the choice of a 100% refund or replace the item for a working unit.
For all on-line offset and tree planting sales we provide you with a 7 day cooling off period. If you would like to cancel your order within this period, then please contact us, explaining the reason for the cancellation. We will provide a full refund less 5% administration charge, and less postage charges in the case the certificate was sent by mail.
Our returns policy does not affect your statutory rights.
Terms And ConditionsCookie Policy
Carbon Footprint Ltd is registered in England and Wales (no. 4532520)Registered Office: 2 Westminster Close, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG22 4PP
© Carbon Footprint Ltd - all rights reservedWebsite developed by RADsite