http://www.veeco.com/privacy-and-other-terms/
Toggle navigation
English
China
Japan
Taiwan
Korea
Investors
Careers
News
Contact Us
English
China
Japan
Taiwan
Korea
Markets
Semiconductor
Front-End Processes
Advanced Packaging
EUV/Photomask
Photonics
mini/microLED
VCSEL/EEL
Red/Orange/Yellow LEDs
Communications & Data Storage
HDD
RF Devices/Filters
Optical
Sensors, Scientific & Power
Power Management
Materials Science
MEMS
Technologies and Products
Laser Processing Systems
Lithography Systems
Ion Beam Systems
Deposition Systems
Sputtering Systems
Etch Systems
Ion Sources
Gridded DC Ion Sources
Gridless End-Hall Ion Sources
Gridded RF Ion Sources
Diamond-Like Carbon
MOCVD Systems
Wet Processing Systems
MBE Technologies
MBE Systems
MBE Sources
Dopant
High Temperature
Low Temperature
Medium Temperature
Specialty Sources
MBE Components
Atomic Layer Deposition Systems
ALD Overview
ALD Advantages
ALD for Research
ALD for Production
ALD in Action
ALD Materials
ALD Applications
ALD for 3D Nanofabrication
III-V Semiconductor Devices
Batteries
Chalcogenides
Electronics
Encapsulation
Self-Assembled Monolayers (SAMS)
Water Splitting
ALD Knowledge Center
ALD Periodic Table
ALD Research
ALD Services
Physical Vapor Deposition Systems
Dicing and Lapping Systems
Gas & Vapor Delivery Systems
Services & Support
Company
Leadership Team
Careers
History
Quality
News
Events
Corporate Social Responsibilities
Investors
Careers
News
Contact Us
Privacy and Other Terms
Veeco respects the privacy of our online visitors.
Veeco Website Privacy Policy
Veeco respects the privacy of our online visitors. This policy describes our procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information we collect from you when you visit any Veeco site globally, including www.veeco.com (collectively, “Websites”). This policy may be supplemented by additional information provided at the time we collect your personal information.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect personal information from and about our Website users, both directly when you provide it and automatically while you visit the Websites, as follows:
Personal Information You Provide.“Personal information” is information relating to a directly or indirectly identified, natural person, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, etc. Through its Websites, Veeco may request, or provide an opportunity to submit, personal information in connection with an online feature or service. For instance, we may ask customers, suppliers or job applicants for information necessary to verify eligibility to use a Website service or to facilitate dealings or transactions. While under no obligation to provide us with personal information, you should understand that we will not be able to process your communications with us or render certain services that we offer online without this information.
Information Collected Automatically.As you navigate through and interact with our Websites, we collect certain information that is automatically recorded from the computer, smartphone or other electronic device (“device”) you use to visit the site. This may include information about your equipment and browsing actions, such as your device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser type, and web pages viewed immediately before and after visiting our Websites, information you search for on our Websites, and other technical data. We may use browser Cookies, which are very small data files transferred to your device, to collect information when you direct your browser to our Website. These may include Session Cookies, which are deleted when you exit, that enable certain Website features and help us understand how visitors interact with the Website. When you register for one of our web-based services, we may use Persistent Cookies to store information that enables our Websites to remember you on a return visit. Additionally, we may use pixel tags and other similar technologies to track visitors to the Websites and compile statistics about usage of our Websites. These technologies help us better understand your preferences so that we can personalize content and/or offers delivered to you and also help us better understand which areas of the Website are of interest to visitors
You can adjust the settings on your Internet Browser to control Cookies. In addition, Veeco honors “do-not-track” technology, which enables you to signal your preference concerning the automatic collection of your information. Please note that, if you disable or refuse Cookies, some parts of our Websites may be inaccessible or not function properly.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
Use of Personal Information(for job applicants, please see subparagraph 2 below). We use the personal information you submit on our Websites to meet our legitimate business interests. This includes responding to your requests and inquiries and otherwise to serve you in ways associated with the circumstances under which you provided the information, research and statistical purposes, system administration and crime prevention and/or detection.
We may use your personal information for our own marketing purposes. Marketing may include sending you communications about our products and services or other communications targeted to your interests. If you do not wish us to use your email address or other contact information for our direct marketing purposes, you can opt-out by: (i) replying to a promotional email we have sent and indicating your preference to unsubscribe; or (ii) sending us an email stating your request to Privacy@veeco.com. Additionally, we may use your personal information to execute an agreement or transaction concluded through the Website and to meet Veeco’s legal obligations with respect to the agreement or transaction.
Use of Job Applicant Data. Veeco will only use personal information provided by job applicants for recruitment purposes and, if the applicant is hired, for employment purposes.
Use of Automatically-Collected Information and Analytics.We may use information we collect automatically through logging and Cookie technologies for any purpose, including legitimate business interests, to facilitate your use of our Websites, to analyze usage by visitors, to improve user experience, and to deliver better service, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. We may also use this information as necessary to protect Veeco’s, or other site visitor’s interests. If we are required to treat information collected automatically as personal information under applicable law, then we may use and disclose it for the purposes for which we use and disclose personal information as detailed in this privacy policy.
DATA RETENTION
In general, personal information you provide via this website is retained for as long as we have a commercial relationship with you and for 2 years after our last interaction. Applicant data is retained for 1 year with regard to applicants in the EU and for as long as legally permitted in other regions; in each case, unless the applicant asks for deletion sooner (see below) or unless the applicant is hired by us, in which case we retain the data in the applicant’s personnel file. In some instances, we may be required to retain personal information for longer periods of time, for example, to meet tax and accounting obligations. Log and Cookie data, when gathered, are generally not retained for more than 13 months.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
Veeco may disclose or share your personal information with our corporate subsidiaries worldwide that are also bound by this Privacy Policy. We will not share your personal information with any third party for that party’s marketing purposes, although we may disclose your information to certain third parties as described below.
Affiliates.In the normal course of performing services or responding to inquiries, personal information may be shared within Veeco and its affiliates for research and statistical purposes, system administration, and crime prevention or detection.
Service Providers and Agents.We may share personal information with outside service providers or agents. These outside service providers or agents are only authorized to use the information on Veeco’s behalf for purposes such as to provide services or products you have requested, perform billing and collection, or help us manage and analyze data and improve our Websites. These parties may access your information only for these tasks and are under obligations similar to those in this Privacy Policy.
Legal Compliance or Enforcement.We may disclose your personal information to third parties when we believe disclosure is necessary to: (i) comply with a law, regulation or compulsory legal process, including a law enforcement, regulatory or court-authorized request; (ii) protect the rights, property or safety of Veeco or other persons or entities; or (iii) enforce our Website Terms of Use.
Business Transfers.If Veeco is involved in a merger, acquisition, business combination, reorganization or other transfer of some or all of the company’s business, your personal information may be transferred to the buyer or other successor to Veeco.
Non-Personal Information.We may disclose aggregated information about our Website users, and information that does not identify or allow for the identification of a particular person, at our discretion.
Note that your personal information may be shared with and stored in countries outside your own, including in the U.S. and other countries that may not protect personal information to the same extent as your home country. By submitting your personal information, including your application and related information, you are consenting to the transfer of your personal information as described in this policy.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our Websites are not intended for children under 13 years of age and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13. If you are under 13, do not provide any personal information on our Websites or use any of the interactive or public comment features.
CALIFORNIA NOTICE PROVISIONS
Veeco will not share your personal information with any third party for that party’s marketing purposes. Veeco honors “do-not-track” technology, which enables you to signal your preference concerning the automatic collection of your information.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
Our Websites may include links to sites operated by third parties. This does not mean that Veeco endorses these sites, nor are we responsible for their content or policies. Third party sites are governed by their own privacy policies. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policy of other sites you visit as it will govern any information you provide through that site.
DATA SECURITY
Veeco has implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss or unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. However, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we use industry-standard efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of the information transmitted through our Website.
ACCESSING AND UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION
You can access and change personal information provided to us as described below. Subject to limitations in applicable law, you also have a right of restriction, opposition, erasure and portability. We generally will respond to requests within 30 days of receipt.
Job Applicant Information.To inquire about, review, obtain a copy of or modify an application or other information submitted for employment purposes, you should resubmit the revised information through the Careers page of our Website. If you wish to have your employment-related information removed from our system, please send an email to Privacy@veeco.com and include your name, email address and phone number as submitted with your application (note, however, that we may retain certain information for regulatory purposes).
Other Personal Information.To access and have personal information you have provided through our Websites (other than the Careers page) updated or removed, please email your request to Privacy@veeco.com
Note that you have a right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority in your country if you think that Veeco did not adequately address your concern.
EFFECTIVE DATE OF POLICY; CHANGES
This privacy policy was last updated in August, 2019. Our policy may change from time to time and we will specify the date on which the policy was last revised. If we make a material change to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by means such as email or by notice posted on the home page of our Website. By visiting our Websites, you agree to accept the terms of our privacy policy posted on the Website at that time.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please email us at to Privacy@veeco.com
×
Input this code:
Company
About Veeco
Careers
News
Investors
Financial Info
Press Releases
Executive Officers
Support
Service Options
Copyright ©2020 Veeco Instruments Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy and Other Terms    |    Legal Notices