http://www.psichi.org/page/privacypolicy
Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some of these cookies are used for visitor analysis, others are essential to making our site function properly and improve the user experience. By using this site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Click Accept to consent and dismiss this message or Deny to leave this website. Read our Privacy Statement for more.
Accept
Deny
Donate | Join | Sign In | Contact Us
Toggle navigationMENUAbout Welcome to Psi ChiMission & PurposeConstitutionHistory TimelineBoard & StaffCommittees Diversity CommitteeInternational CommitteeResearch CommitteeSponsorsDonations Donate NowLegacy GivingSpirit of ProsserWays to GiveAnnual ReportMember Benefits of MembershipBecome a MemberUndergraduateGraduateFacultyAlumniDistinguished MemberMember SearchChapter Start a ChapterChapter Directory SearchChapter LeadershipChapter Service ProjectsConducting ResearchConventions EasternMidwesternRocky MountainSoutheasternSouthwesternWesternNationalInternationalAwards/Grants UndergraduateGraduateChapterFacultyReviewersPublications/News JournalMagazineBlogPodcastNews/DigestPress ReleasesAdvertiseStore
Edit This Favorite
Name:
Category:
Share:
Yes
No, Keep Private
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Psi Chi is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to the web site at psichi.org and all other affiliated sites and services, including Psi Chi’s online store (collectively, the “Site”). We are providing this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that we collect and receive from you in connection with the Site.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to: (1) activities that occur offline; or (2) to information we collect outside of the Sites, other than information collected as part of Psi Chi’s membership applications.
As further described below, by clicking on advertisements and taking advantage of sponsored content on the Site, you consent to the delivery of personal information gathered by Psi Chi to Psi Chi’s advertisers and sponsors.
Collection of Personal Data
When inquiring about use of or subscribing to or otherwise using the Site, you may provide certain personally identifiable information necessary for use of the Site and for communicating with you. The data collected includes information about you that can be used to contact or identify you, and information related to your use or potential use of Site (collectively, “Personal Information”). Personal Information that we collect may include without limitation name, email address, organization, job title, and phone number.
Within our Site, if you interact with other users, the Site may share additional information with such other users. The additional information you share by participating in these types of communications is your choice and responsibility and the privacy of such information cannot be guaranteed. Similarly, information you share through messaging within our Site is solely your responsibility.
All Psi Chi memberships are lifetime. We will maintain your personal data so long as your account is active.
Use of Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We use cookies as part of the Site to store your viewing preferences on the Site and, at your choosing, to store your login information so that once you have logged in you do not need to repeat the login process.
We also use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some areas of our Site will be limited.
We also may use pixel tags, web beacons and other similar technologies to improve our understanding of site traffic, visitor behavior, and response to promotional campaigns, as a supplement to our server logs and other methods of traffic and response measurement. Pixel tags are sometimes used in conjunction with small Javascript-based applications, which are also for the purpose of traffic measurement. We may also implement pixel tags provided by other companies, for the same purpose. The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the Site and to measure the overall effectiveness of the Site’s content, programming and other activities.
In addition to personal information, certain anonymous information about your visit is automatically captured when you visit the Site. This information includes the name of the Internet service provider and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you access the Internet; the date and time you access the Site; the pages that you access while at the Site, occasional geographic data, and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our site. This anonymous information is used to help improve the Site, analyze trends, and administer the Site. Further, for individuals who have opted in or otherwise consented, Psi Chi collects analytics for email views and clicks.
We may monitor your interactions with the Site, such as what pages you visit, what content you review, and what comments you make, and maintain this information with your profile.
Psi Chi uses Googles Analytics to enhance your user experience. You can learn how Google uses data when you use our site at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. Psi Chi also uses bitly links to provide further tracking analytics. Learn more about bitly’s policies at https://bitly.com/pages/privacy.
Use and Disclosure Information
We do not sell, rent, use or share your personal information with others except as indicated in this Privacy Policy.
We may use your Personal Information to:
provide the Site and associated content and services,
complete information for you including your name, signature, and profile picture when you post content to the Site,
support and maintain the Site,
improve and update the Site,
communicate information to you that you have requested,
for our marketing, research and development purposes, and
for other purposes specified in this Privacy Policy or at the time information is requested from you.
Comments or questions sent to us using email or other messaging tools will be shared with our staff that is most likely to be able to address your concerns. We may archive your messages once we have provided you with a response. If we find your personal question valuable to community discussion, we reserve the right to post your question on the Site, after using reasonable efforts to remove any names or personal identification. Please note that email communications will not necessarily be secure; accordingly, you should not include sensitive information in email correspondence with us.
Psi Chi may aggregate your information with other users’ information to determine and distribute aggregated statistics and information about the Site and its use and users. This aggregated information will not identify any specific user.
Psi Chi does not disclose your Personal Information to outside firms for their marketing purposes. You may modify your account to withdraw your consent to receive Psi Chi communications that are not tied to your specific actions in clicking on advertisements or downloading sponsored content.
Psi Chi may also disclose Personal Information:
when we have your permission to do so; or
to companies who work for Psi Chi to provide one or more parts of the Site or that provide related administrative functions (such as support Sites and analytics). These third parties may have access to your personal information; if they do, this access is only so that they may perform these tasks on our behalf and they are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose; or
to the current advisor of the local chapter at which a specific member is registered. This is done so that local advisors may review new membership applications; or
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with a legal process or law, or to respond to a subpoena, court order, or government request for information, (2) enforce Terms of Service and/or other agreements between you and Psi Chi, (3) respond to claims that any content on the Site violates the rights of third parties, or that otherwise arise from your use of the Site, or (4) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Psi Chi, its users, or the public.
when required or permitted to do so by law for public safety. Disclosures may be made to protect you from a serious threat to your health or safety or to protect the health or safety of another person.
Chapter Contact Information Directory
Chapter advisor names and email addresses are available online at https://www.psichi.org/page/chapter_search. The terms under which those contacts can be used are listed https://www.psichi.org/page/legal.
Your Rights
You may withdraw your consent for disclosure of your Personal Information by providing notice to Psi Chi at the address or email address noted below. If you withdraw your consent, your account will either be suspended or removed, or you will be restricted from downloading such content.
You have the right to access and edit, update or delete your personal information by logging onto the Site and accessing your account information. You may contact us with any questions or if you need assistance in updating or deleting your personal information.
You may contact us to request a complete removal of your membership records with Psi Chi.
You can ask us for a copy of your personal data in machine readable form.
Third Parties and Links
This Privacy Policy applies only to our Site. We may provide links to other information and sites that we believe may be of interest to our users. Their sites may collect or request personally identifiable information from you. You should review the privacy policy of these sites before providing such information, as these sites are not covered by our Privacy Policy. We cannot guarantee the standards of sites to which we link or be responsible for the contents, or privacy practices and policies, of these and other third-party sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every site you visit.
Our Site may include social media features, including the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the “share this” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These features may collect your IP address, where you are using our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features and widgets are governed by the privacy policy of the company that created the feature.
Access to Account
If you are a registered user of the Site, you can change your account information through your user profile page. You may need to supply certain information so that we can try to verify that you have authority to modify this information.
Opt-Out
You may opt-out of receiving certain marketing communications from us, by emailing us at psichi@psichi.org. In addition, all marketing e-mails from Psi Chi will provide you with the opportunity to unsubscribe from future marketing mailings. Even if you opt out of such mailings, however, we reserve the right to send you e-mail and other communications to disclose maintenance and other Site-related issues.
Legal Requirements
We intend to protect your privacy to the fullest extent possible as described in this policy while also fulfilling our responsibility to uphold all applicable laws and regulations. Due to potential legal requirements and other possible circumstances, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed or accessed in ways not otherwise described in this policy. We may be compelled under law to disclose information to government or third parties under certain circumstances or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Further, we can, and you hereby authorize us to, disclose any information to law enforcement or other government officials that we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in compliance with the law and/or government requests.
United States
The Site is hosted in the United States. If you are accessing the Site from outside the United States, please be advised that through your continued use of the Site, which is governed by U.S. law and this Privacy Policy, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer. The United States may not have the same data protection laws as your country. However, to the extent that Regulation (EU) 2016/679, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) applies to you, Psi Chi will comply with GDPR.
Security Measures
We have implemented reasonable and industry standard security measures on the Site to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the personal information under our control. Additionally, we take reasonable steps to ensure that our third party business partners, including our hosting partners, provide sufficient protection for personal information. We will take reasonable efforts to maintain Personal Information in the area (e.g., country or continent) as specified by our Customer. We will promptly make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored personal data.
You acknowledge that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, and that we cannot guarantee absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Site, you may contact us.
Privacy of Children
Our organization is not targeted to children under the age of 16. We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information on the Site from children under 16. If we become aware that a user of the Site is under the age 16 and has provided us with Personal Information, we may delete such information from our files and may deactivate the related account.
In the Event of a Merger, Sale or Bankruptcy
In the event that all or part of Psi Chi is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, Psi Chi may transfer or assign the personally identifiable information held by Psi Chi as part of such merger, acquisition, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of Psi Chi’s bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, Psi Chi may not be able to control how personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Changes to this Policy
This policy may be revised by us from time to time. By using this Site you agree that we have a right to change our policy without prior notification. The revised policy will appear on our Site with the date of last revision. Your continued use of the Site following such revisions will be conclusively deemed acceptance of any changes to these Terms.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy, please email us or write to:
Psi Chi Central Office
651 East 4th Street, Suite 600
Chattanooga, TN 37403
psichi@psichi.org
If you believe you have not received an appropriate response from us regarding your question or complaint, you may contact the applicable supervisory authority below based on your residence:
EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
Last Revised: May 25, 2018
Sign In
Remember Me
Forgot your password?Apply for Membership!
Latest News
more
9/16/2020New Chapter Chat Series for Officers!
8/13/2020New Officer Position: Help Helped Me
7/7/2020New Annual Report: Great Strides to Diversify Psychology
6/10/2020Psi Chi Statement on Structural Inequity
Calendar
more
10/1/2020 » 11/15/2020Call for Society Nominations Opens10/9/2020Midwestern Region Fall Virtual Event: The Highs and Lows of Psi Chi Chapters During COVID-19.10/12/2020Chapter Chat: Additional Officer Options10/13/2020Webinar: Respectfully Engaging Across Our Differences in Divided Times
Featured Members
Online Surveys
Psi Chi Central Office 651 East 4th Street, Suite 600 Chattanooga, TN 37403
Phone: 423.756.2044 | Fax: 423.265.1529
© 2019 PSI CHI, THE INTERNATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY IN PSYCHOLOGY
CONTACT US
FAQ
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Legal
SPONSORS
Certified member of the Association of College Honor Societies
Recognizing and promoting excellence in the science and application of psychology
Membership Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal