http://www.start.org/privacy_policy/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
admin
13 Jun 2018
Comments Off on Privacy policy
Privacy policy
START is committed to protecting the privacy of its supporters and stakeholders. This policy explains how we collect, manage and use personal data. For any comments or questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.
What data do we collect?
We may collect personal information directly from you when you interact with us, for example by subscribing to our newsletter, adding or updating your profile to our alumni database, applying to a job, participating in an event, program or training, sending an email or engaging with our social media channels. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email or postal address and phone number. We may collect your bank details if you are supporting us financially.
We may also collect information from users during general browsing of the start.org website, including the pages that are visited, the time spent on the site, and the country from which the site is accessed. This data is collected anonymously and is not connected with any personal information.
Cookies
‘Cookies’ are small pieces of data sent from a web server to your computer and stored on your hard drive, allowing websites to recognize you when you visit. We use cookies to track how users navigate our website to identify ways to improve the experience. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can choose to decline cookies delivered by START’s websites by modifying your browser’s settings.
How do we use this information?
We may use the information you provide to :
contact you, including in response to a query or suggestion;
keep you informed about START and our projects;
share news, jobs and opportunities that we think you might find interesting;
manage and process your job application;
carry out our obligations arising from agreements between you and us;
for internal operations, including statistical analysis.
We use the anonymous data collected during general browsing of the start.org website to analyze trends and usage of the site and to improve the users’ experience.
We will not sell, share or disclose your personal information to third parties without your permission. We may use or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in special cases when we have reason to believe that such action is necessary to conform to the law or protect our rights, property or the personal safety of us or anyone else.
Your rights
At any time, you have the right to request a copy of the personal data we hold about you, and to ask us to update or delete your data, by contacting us.
All our email marketing messages (e.g. newsletters) contain a link to update your email preferences and a link to opt-out.
This policy was last updated in June 2018.
We reserve the right to make alterations to this policy; please check this website from time to time for the latest version.