http://www.singandsign.com/shop/terms
Where am I?
You are here:
Home
shop
terms
Terms
TERMS OF USE
Access to and use of this site ('singandsign.co.uk') is provided by Sing and Sign subject to the following terms:
1. By using singandsign.co.uk you agree to be legally bound by these terms, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of singandsign.co.uk. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all the following terms please do not access and/or use singandsign.co.uk.
2. Sing and Sign may change these terms at any time by posting changes online. Please review these terms regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes made by Sing and Sign. Your continued use of singandsign.co.uk after changes are posted means you agree to be legally bound by these terms as updated and/or amended.
Use of singandsign.co.uk
3. You may not copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use singandsign.co.uk content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any singandsign.co.uk content except for your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of singandsign.co.uk content requires the prior written permission of Sing and Sign.
4. You agree to use singandsign.co.uk only for lawful purposes, and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else's use and enjoyment of singandsign.co.uk. Prohibited behaviour includes harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any person, transmitting obscene or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within singandsign.co.uk.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
5. singandsign.co.uk content, including the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to Sing and Sign , its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided "AS IS" and on an "IS AVAILABLE" basis without any representations or any kind of warranty made (whether express or implied by law) to the extent permitted by law, including the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
6. Under no circumstances will Sing and Sign be liable for any of the following losses or damage (whether such losses where foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise): (a) loss of data; (b) loss of revenue or anticipated profits; (c) loss of business; (d) loss of opportunity; (e) loss of goodwill or injury to reputation; (f) losses suffered by third parties; or (g) any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of singandsign.co.uk regardless of the form of action.
7. Sing and Sign does not warrant that functions contained in singandsign.co.uk content will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that singandsign.co.uk or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs.
Intellectual Property
8. The names, images and logos identifying Sing and Sign or third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trade marks of Sing and Sign and/or third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any licence or right to use any trademark, patent, design right or copyright of Sing and Sign, or any other third party.Sing and Sign Online Membership9.Sing and Sign Online membership is not transferable. Your login is personal and can be accessed by you on numerous devices but only one one at any one time.9.1 Sing and Sign Basic Online Membership expires after a year. Gold and Premium Memberships are renewable annually at one flat rate. We reserve the right to alter the cost of renewal as we see fit. 9.2 Sing and Sign reserve the right to alter the content of Sing and Sign Online from time to time as we see fit.9.3 if you change your mind, you may cancel your membership of Sing and Sign Online if you make your request within seven days of receiving your activation email. You should request your refund from the person to whom you paid a membership fee. This will either be your own class teacher, or it will be this website if you registered yourself and paid online.
10. Your initial registration cost as either a Gold or Premium Member will be discounted only if you input the valid code for a
current active Sing and Sign Franchise.11. Sing and Sign Online Nursery Membership and your nursery's accompanying affiliation with Sing and Sign can be renewed only through your local representative
For Privacy Policy click here
General
If there is any conflict between these terms and specific terms appearing elsewhere on singandsign.co.uk then the latter shall prevail.
If any of these terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
Contact By Post :
Sing and Sign Ltd
Unit 136,
91 Western Road
Brighton
E. Sussex
BN1 2NW
Sing and Sign Ltd. Registered in England No.4223316
Reg. Office 1, Harbour House, Harbour Way, Shoreham by Sea, West Sussex BN43 5HZ
“ Love love love sing and sign. When people ask why my 2 kids (aged 4.5 and nearly 3) have such good speech I always say it’s due to sing and sign. I tell every new parent I meet to do it! We all still sign and sing the songs“
Find out what others think about baby signing.
Favourite Signs
Some of our favourite signs
moremusic
Can't see videos?
Click to update player
Become a member to see more
News
A Whole Generation of Children brought up on the Sing and Sign Approach!
Our 20th Year
Free online resource for Stage 1
Free to class attendees
Britain's first ever baby signing classes has a birthday!
Fifteen years and going strong!
Sing and Sign shortlisted for franchisor of the year
'Mumandworking Awards'
The Ultimate Baby Signing Resource!
Sign up now!
Sing and Sign win national prize
Sing and Sign named "Best National Toddler Development Activity"
...more news
Just a few of the awards and honours Sing and Sign has received
COPYRIGHT ©
2020 Sing and Sign | Privacy Policy
Developed by
WK360