http://www.vitalenergi.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Speak to an energy expert: 01254 296 000
01254 296 000
Home
Customers
iSite Login
Call us Your Bill iSite Search
Toggle navigation
Our Services
Energy Solutions
Complete Energy Solution
Energy Services Company
Energy Efficiency
Design, Build, Operate,
Maintain
Design
Capabilities
Build
Operation
& Maintenance
SHEQ
Stakeholder
Management
District Heating &
Cooling
District Heating &
Cooling Services
Pipe
Products
Joint Systems /
Bandmuffs
Our Pipe
Suppliers
District Heating & Cooling
FAQs
Energy Centres
Biomass
CHP
Trigeneration
(CCHP)
Waste to Energy
Heat Pumps
Alternative Energy
Sources
HIUs, Metering & Billing
HIUs
Smart Meters
Heat Meters
Metering
Services
Billing Services
Data Collection
Customer Care
About Us
About Vital Energi
Meet The Team
Accreditations
Company Policies
Our History
Sectors
Overview
Commercial & Industrial
Existing Residential
Education
Healthcare
Leisure
New Build Residential/Mixed Use
Public Sector
Ministry of Justice & Defence
Power Generation
Case Studies
Careers
News
Contact Us
View London
Website
Cookie Policy
HomeCookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Introduction
Vital Energi uses cookies and web beacons on its website and in some emails we send. This cookie notice explains more about cookies and why we use them. It also explains how you can control and opt out of receiving them.
We update this cookie notice from time to time in response to changes in applicable laws and regulations and to changes on our website. When changes are made, we will update the ‘Last Updated’ date at the bottom of this page. Please review this cookie notice periodically to check for updates.
Cookies & Web Beacons
Cookies are small text files and web beacons are small graphic images. They are downloaded to your device when you visit a website or receive certain emails unless you have set your browser to stop them. You can learn more about cookies by going to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
The types of cookie and web beacons we use on our website include:
Strictly necessary cookies
These are essential to the operation of our website and enable you to browse and use all features of the website.
Performance / analytics cookies
These cookies collect anonymous information about your use of our website such as the pages you visit most often, how you arrived at our website and error message you receive. Specifically, we use Google Analytics to track visitor interaction by downloading a cookie to your device. Google Analytics does not collect your personal details, but the cookie does include a unique ID number which is used to identify your browser and track your visits to our website. This helps us to improve our website by understanding how visitors use it. The types of information it gives us access to includes times of visits, pages visited, time spent on specific pages and details of referring sites.
You can learn more about Google Analytics and privacy here and you can opt-out of Google Analytics here
Functionality cookies
Functionality cookies remember the choices you make when you visit our website. This includes, for example, your choice of language and text sizing.  They remember your preferences on return visits and tailor your use of our website.
Tracking cookies / web beacons
These are placed by third-party suppliers to Vital Energi and help us count visitors to our website from advertisements we have placed on other websites or from emails we have sent to you. They provide aggregated information which we use to monitor the success of our marketing campaigns.
Third party web beacons also collect information about you from your browsing habits to create profiles based on inferences about your age, gender and interests. They do this to provide you with personalised advertising.
We use the Google Ads remarketing service to advertise on third party websites. Using this service we may advertise to previous visitors of our website who haven't completed a specific task, such as using our contact forms. These adverts may be presented to previous visitors in Google search results or through the Google Display Network (which serves adverts through third party websites and applications).
You can opt out of Google Ads remarketing here.
Managing Cookies
You can manage and delete cookies and web beacons through your web browser. Each browser manages cookies differently, but you can learn more about cookie settings in the most common browsers using the links below:
Chrome
Firefox
Safari for Mac
Safari for iOS
Edge
Internet Explorer
How to contact us
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or web beacons you can contact us at dataprotection@vitalenergi.co.uk.
Last updated: 24th May 2018
Contact Us
If you'd like more information on our energy solutions and services then we'd be more than happy to help.
News Centre
Catch up on the latest Vital news and industry insights, all in one place.
Explore news
Case Studies
See how we’ve helped clients all over the UK solve their energy issues,
Read more
Careers
Vital Energi is a great place to work offering professional development and competitive salaries
Read more
Speak to an energy expert: 01254 296 000
For latest energy news: Sign up to our
newsletter
Sign up to our newsletter
* Indicates field required
Your Name*
Your Email*
Company Name*
Job Title*
Download our e-brochure app from iTunes
Close