http://www.sunenv.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions - Sun Enviro Technologies Pvt.
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
Organization Chart
Vision, Mission & Values
Directors Biography
Engineering
Technologies
Market
Reference
Products
Client List
Media
Blog
Career
Contact Us
0712 2282608
Home » Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use
The following terms and conditions under this Privacy Policy govern your use of the Sun Enviro Technologies Pvt Ltd, website (http://www.sunenv.com) and the information accessible on or from this site. Please read these terms and conditions carefully before accessing any machine available on this site. If you do not agree with any of these terms and conditions, please do not use this site. By accessing any part of this web site and/ or using the information provided on or via this web site you agree to be bound by the Disclaimer clause below and you will be deemed to have accepted this Privacy Policy in full.
Ownership
All rights, title and interest (including, but not limited to all copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights) in this web site belong to us. In addition, the names and other indicia identifying our products and services are our proprietary marks. You acknowledge that you do not own and shall not acquire any title, interest, or right in any in the intellectual property rights of Sun Enviro Technologies Pvt Ltd.
Terms of Intellectual Property
All information displayed, transmitted or carried on this site (including, but not limited to, directories, guides, articles, opinions, reviews, text, photographs, images, illustrations, profiles, audio clip, video clips, trademarks, logos etc) is protected by and in the name of Sun Enviro Technologies Pvt Ltd and under various other intellectual property laws in the territory of India.
Limited License and Permitted Use of site
Except as expressly provided in this clause nothing contained in this web site shall be construed as conferring any license or right, expressly, by implication, by estoppel or otherwise, under any intellectual property rights, or under any third party’s intellectual property rights, and no part of this web site may be reproduced, republished, copied, transmitted or distributed in any form or by any means without written permission of Sun Enviro Technologies Pvt Ltd.
You are granted a limited license to download material or information from this web site. You may take a single copy of the content displayed on this web site for personal, non-commercial use only, provided that you do not remove any trademarks, copyright and any other information contained on this site. You shall not archive or retain any information or content herein in any form without written permission of Sun Enviro Technologies Pvt Ltd.
Confidential Information
Sun Enviro Technologies Pvt Ltd discourages you from sending or posting to this web site any information that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. Please note that if you do send or post any such information or material, Sun Enviro Technologies Pvt Ltd will assume that it is not confidential. By sending or posting any information or material, you grant Bajaj Steel Industries Limited an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute those materials or information, and you agree that Sun Enviro Technologies Pvt Ltd is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send or post for any purpose on this web site.
Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used as allowed or required by applicable law. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our home page and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
We promise that we will take steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy. We do not share, trade, sell or rent any of the individual personal information you provide with this site, although we may collect and/ or share aggregate data with such web site.
Linking to other web sites
As a convenience, this web site contains links to other web sites operated by third parties that are not controlled by, or affiliated or associated with Sun Enviro Technologies Pvt Ltd accordingly we do not make any representations concerning the privacy practices or policies of such third parties or terms of use of such sites, nor does we control or guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of the information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, videos, messages or other materials available on such sites. The inclusion or exclusion does not imply any endorsement by Sun Enviro Technologies Pvt Ltd of the site, the site’s provider, or the information on the site.
Limitation of liability
Under no circumstances shall Sun Enviro Technologies Pvt Ltd be liable to any users of this site for:
loss, injury, claim, liability or damages of any kind resulting from the use of or the inability to use the material on this site, even if Sun Enviro Technologies Pvt Ltd had been advised of the possibility of such damages and regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, tort or otherwise;
special, direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, exemplary or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever (including without limitation attorney’s fees) in any way due, resulting from or arising in connection with the use of or the inability to use this web site or its content/ materials;
claim attributable to errors, omission or inaccuracies in or destructive properties of any information available herein.
Search for:
PagesAbout Us
Directors Biography
Organization Chart
Vision, Mission & Values
Area of Application
Blog
Career
Client List
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Downloads
Engineering
Market
Reference
Technologies
Media
No Access
Privacy Policy
REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL FORM
Services
Terms & Conditions
Wastewater treatment | Water Recycling Plant | Biogas Plant | Sewage Treatment
Archives
August 2017
May 2017
January 2017
November 2016
October 2016
Categories Uncategorized (6)
Meta
Log in
Reach us
22, Ashok Colony, Near Union Bank of India,
Pratap Nagar, Nagpur - 440 025 Maharashtra, INDIA.
Tel. No. :
+91 -712 - 2282888, 2282608, 2294208
Fax :
+ 91 - 712 - 2282888.
Marketing E-mail : sales@sunenv.comHR E-mail :
sunenviro@sunenv.com
More LinksDisclaimer
Terms & Conditions
Blog
Events
Reach Us
Quick Enquiry
© 2017. Sun Enviro Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
All Rights Reserved | Powered by : www.lifeids.com