http://www.flowoffluids.com/company/crane-privacy-policy.aspx
Login
Create
home |
contact |
buy |
view cart | site map1-360-292-4070 | 1-888-206-2779
Company
Contact
Meet the Instructors
Crane Privacy Policy
Publications
TP-410 Errata
Software
Buy Now
Compressible Gases
Method of Solution
Fluids Compilation
FAQ
Support
License Options
Training
FLO-Master
Piping System Fundamentals
Pumping System Optimization
Centrifugal Pumps
Process Measurement & Control
Calculators
Head Loss
K, Cv & Kv Conversion
Flow Through Orifices
Flow Through Nozzles
Pump Power
Gas Volume and Density
Unit Converters
Contact Us
HomeCompanyCrane Privacy Policy
Crane Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Crane Co. respects your right to privacy and we adhere to a strict policy of complying with all applicable privacy and data protection laws. This is consistent with the value we place on maintaining the trust of our customers, business partners, employees and others who share their personal information with us. We are committed to using your personal data for necessary business purposes lawfully, fairly and transparently while ensuring that appropriate security measures are applied to protect the integrity and confidentiality of your personal data.
Overview of how we handle personal data
The term “personal data” refers to any data we collect about you or you give to us to identify you in the course of our relationship, whether you are a customer, a supplier, an employee, an investor, or candidate applying for a job with us. Examples of the personal data include your name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, business contact details, employment history, qualifications and related information about a job application (e.g., CV information, location and interests), and payment information depending on the context in which you share such information.
We only handle the personal data you provide to us and we will let you know what personal data we hold whenever you ask.
When you share your personal data with us, we will not share it with outside entities without informing you, unless we are required to do so by local laws.
We only handle your personal data when we need to, such as when processing your application, when you want to buy our products, or when we want to purchase something from you. If you are an investor, we only use the data you have given us to provide you with the information you have requested.
We will not retain your data for longer than necessary. Once your data is no longer needed, we delete it.
If you would like us to update or delete your personal data, please let us know. We will do our best to handle your request in a timely manner. Please understand, however, that we may be legally required to maintain certain information, which we will of course always maintain as confidential.
Your personal data will only be used to satisfy the purpose for which you shared it with us. Should we wish to use it for another purpose we will get your permission in advance.
Should we need to complete a credit evaluation or handle your payment information, we will get your approval before doing so.
Due to the sensitivity of our products, markets and customers, background checks may be periodically needed. They are undertaken only by approved partners, and we will let you know when one is required.
Where regulations require, we verify clearance against European External Action Service, United States Department of Commerce Denied Persons screening, and as required by local laws or specific industry requirements.
We do not sell your personal information. We also do not permit other companies that process your data on our behalf to sell your personal information or use it in a manner that was not specifically requested by us.
Overview of security policies
It is our responsibility to handle your personal data with care, and we have policies and technology in place designed to protect individuals’ personal data.  Our objective is to make your data available only to people who need to have access to it.
Consistent with this, we have security processes in place to identify potential inconsistencies in the handling of personal, confidential, and proprietary data, including continuous review of logs, emails, and security files from our computerized systems.  Log, email, and security files are used to confirm your data goes to approved locations.  When appropriate, we will involve approved third-party professionals or data security experts to assist in the maintenance of these systems.
For specialized data-related processes, we only use approved suppliers who have been selected for their ability to complete the assigned work securely and safely.  We hold these suppliers to the same standards to which we hold ourselves and we maintain records of their processing activities.
One such specialized process is email security.  All internet messages are filtered automatically for spam, viruses, and offensive terms by third-party service providers before reaching us. As such, emails may travel across international borders and be stored in cloud-based servers for some of our operations. We do not accept encrypted email messages, as we cannot determine if they are safe for our operations.
At all times, we respect our obligations towards and agreements with you, our business partners, and the local authorities. When there appears to be a conflict between our obligations and agreements we will let you know try to answer any questions you may have.
We are also committed to working with local data protection supervisory authorities to ensure the effectiveness of our privacy program.
Data protection officer
Please send your questions, comments, and concerns in writing by posted mail directly to our Privacy Office.
Attn: Privacy Office Crane Co 100 Stamford Place Stamford, CT 06902 USA
For convenience, you may email privacy@craneco.com with any of your questions, concerns or requests.  English service phone calls may be directed to 001.770.613.6318 or toll-free in the USA and Canada 888.310.9567.
International transfers of personal data
As a global company with multiple operations, we may share your personal data among locations, business units, and functions, as appropriate based on your business with us. Your shared data will be limited to only what is needed and used as appropriate to your request.
Your information may be sent to jurisdictions, including the United States, which may not provide an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home country. We use model contracts to control transfers and processing, whether online or offline, of all personal data representing applicants, employees, customers, suppliers, investors and all other Data Subjects contacting Crane Co., its affiliates and subsidiaries, wherever they may be.
Privacy Shield
Crane Co., its affiliates and subsidiaries in the United States comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (Privacy Shield) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of certain personal data transferred from the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom and Switzerland (collectively, "Europe") to the United States in reliance on Privacy Shield.  Specifically, our participation in Privacy Shield applies to personal data received in the United States from Europe about employees, retirees and applicants. Crane Co. has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such information. We are also subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission with respect to Privacy Shield. Further, we are responsible for third-party agents that are processing the personal data received under Privacy Shield on our behalf, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to any damage. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including meeting national security or law enforcement requirements. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Statement and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
Employees, applicants and retirees in Europe with inquiries or complaints should reach out to the Crane Privacy Shield Contact at privacyshield@craneco.com. For any inquiries or complaints that cannot be resolved through our internal process, Crane Co., its affiliates and subsidiaries in the United States have committed to cooperate with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, and panel established by the European Data Protection Authorities to serve as the independent dispute resolution body for Privacy Shield.  In addition, under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website (see link below), employees, applicants and retirees may invoke binding arbitration for non-monetary issues when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Your Rights
You have the right to request and receive information about how we process your personal data in a transparent, concise, intelligible and easily accessible way. You also have the right to ask us to rectify, restrict (including limit use and disclosure), and erase the personal data we hold about you, as well as the right to data portability.
You have the right to file a complaint with a Supervisory Authority in the country where you live, work or notice a problem with our activities. Click here for a list of data protection bodies in the EU and abroad along with details on how to contact them.
For Customers and Business Partners
For customers (buyers) and suppliers (sales), our legal basis of processing personal data is for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, namely the purchase and sales contracts you initiate with us. The personal data we process includes your business contact information and payment information that is used in the fulfillment of contractual terms. This data is retained as a book and record of the company for the purpose of demonstrating our shared legal interests. Information is stored in both online and offline formats as appropriate to the location of product production or delivery of the service. Adequate protections are assured through the use of model contracts and standard contractual clauses.
Execution of purchase contracts may require disclosure to one or more companies, as appropriate:
Orders and supporting transactions may involve your personal data being transmitted through supply-chain portals, value-added networks (VAN) who support electronic data interchanges (EDI), as well as website hosting, messaging, and email service providers.
The use of trade credit, payment cards or other banking instruments may require that your information be shared with relevant regulators, credit agencies, payment processors, and banks.
Should we handle the pickup or delivery of products, your information may be shared with relevant regulators, import/export agencies, brokers, insurance agents, and shipping companies.
Complex transactions may involve relevant third-party lawyers, brokers, agents, leasing, and accounting firms and service providers.
For Employees, Applicants and Retirees
For job applicants, employees, and retirees, our legal basis of processing personal data is for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, namely employment contracts. The data used is your personal information necessary for our payroll obligations, benefits, pensions, and other local regulatory reporting that is used in the fulfillment of contractual terms which we share with you at the time of enrollment.  Should you provide information about your family, it is used in the enrollment of benefits you wish to include them in. You may also wish to identify them as an emergency contact, should we need to reach them for your welfare. Your family information is retained only as long as it is needed for the delivery of benefits. Your personal data is retained as a book and record of the company, for the purpose of demonstrating our shared legal interests and should you require the future financial assistance of the Crane Fund.  Information is stored in both online and offline formats. Adequate protections are assured through the use of model contracts and standard contractual clauses.
Execution of employment contracts may require disclosure to one or more companies, as appropriate:
Where regulations permit, we will conduct background checks into your legal, credit, education, and employment history. We will also contact the references you provide.
Upon employment, your personal information and the information of the family members you provide will be shared with appropriate third-party insurance, banks, payroll, and benefits providers.
Requirements for some positions may require advanced testing, screening or other government clearances.
For the Investment Community
For investors, our legal basis for processing personal data is legitimate interest. We only use the information you share with us through our website or by your written request, either in paper or email format. You may request us to update or delete information at any time. We do not use this information for any other purpose other than to fulfill your request for information. Adequate protections are assured through the use of model contracts and standard contractual clauses. Cookies used by our website are not used to track your identity. You are not required to accept the use of cookies to use our website.
We share this information with Business Wire and Q4 Inc. who host our investor applications.
About our Locations
Many of our facilities use security monitoring technologies, including but not limited to security cameras, motion/sound detection, and access control systems. The use of the internet within our facilities is also monitored. These systems are used to protect people, property, and products. Access to these systems is limited to appropriate personnel and service companies.
Guests will be required to identify themselves by providing professional identification, up to and including government-issued documents for secure areas. Guest access will be recorded and retained for safety, review, and investigations.
Some locations may be monitored by third-party security companies who may access your personal data for surveillance, incident reporting, on-site guarding, patrols, and investigations.
About our Website
Cookies
This website uses cookies (”Cookies”) to distinguish you from other users of our website. A Cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
These Cookies help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites and also allow us to improve our sites. By continuing to browse the sites, or by submitting any forms on our sites, you are agreeing to our use of Cookies.
We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies. These are Cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website and to customize your account and news profile.
Analytical/Performance Cookies. These allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our websites when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our websites work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality Cookies. These Cookies are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting Cookies. These Cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited, and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Private, InPrivate and Incognito browsing will delete all cookies when you close your web browser.  Clearing your browser history will also let you delete any cookies stored on your computer.
Crane Co. does not use cookies for tracking or collecting personal data. Information collected is not sold to advertisers. Third-party services such as Google Analytics and hosting companies may aggregate and report activity using cookies to ensure appropriate service levels are maintained.
Log files
The operation of this website requires the use of both servers and firewalls.  Each webpage you open automatically creates and stores a record of usage in our equipment, commonly referred to as a “log file entry.”  The design of the internet and the software used by your PC results in your web browser sharing the following information:
Web browser type and version
The operating system used by your computer
The referrer Universal Resource Locator (URL)
The “hostname” given to your computer
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address
The date and time you opened the webpage
This information is used to provide you with a formatted webpage required by your computer and to protect our content from being changed without our permission.  These activities are a standard function of all servers and firewalls.
This data cannot be assigned to specific persons and is not combined with other data sources. To protect our legitimate interests, we reserve the right to check this data to ensure that improper use of this service has not occurred.
Google Analytics
Google has been selected to assist us in the evaluation of our website by producing activity reports. We use these reports to enhance the services offered by this website. Sections of this website use Google Analytics services to summarize general usage. This service uses "cookies" to collect information about the webpages you open.  This information collected is transmitted to Google servers in the USA, where it is stored.  Google Inc. is headquartered at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
If you activate IP anonymization, Google will truncate your IP address when you are located within the European Economic Area. In exceptional cases, which are not controlled by Crane, the full IP address may be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP address acquired from your browser is not combined with other Google data.
You can set your browser software to prevent the storage of cookies. Should you set your browser in this manner, you may not be able to use all the functions offered by this website. You can also prevent the collection and transmission of the data generated by the cookie, including your IP address, by downloading and installing the Google Analytics “Opt-out” browser add-on.  This browser “Opt-out” add-on does not affect the collection of log file entries, mentioned previously.
Other
We maintain appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information against the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or alteration.
The privacy practices set forth in this Privacy Statement are for our Websites only. These Websites may contain links to other sites. Crane Co. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites. If you link to or otherwise visit any other site, please review the privacy policies posted at that site.
Our Websites are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children. If you are under the age of 16, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, please do not attempt to provide any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 16, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, we will promptly delete that information. If you believe we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 16, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, please contact us.
This Privacy Notice was updated in January 2020 and is reviewed annually. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Notice.
Legal Notice | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use
© 2006 - 2018 Flow of Fluids (An Engineered Software, Inc. Business). All Rights Reserved.