http://www.genoway.com/legal-notice.htm
Catalog Models
Humanized Immune Checkpoints
Single-targeted mice
hPD-1
hCTLA-4
hVISTA
hOX40
hGITR
hLIGHT
hCD28
hCD39
Double-targeted mice
hPD-1/hTIM3
hPD-1/hVISTA
hPD-1/hCTLA-4
hCTLA-4/hLAG3
hGITR/Foxp3
Tumor cell lines
MC38-hPD-L1
Immunodeficient Models
BRGSF mice
BRGSF-HIS mice
BRGSF-A2-HIS mice
SDRG rat
Conditional Knockout Mice
By therapeutic areas
Cardiovascular diseases
Immunology & inflammation
Metabolic diseases
Neuroscience
Oncology models
By gene families
GPCR family
Chemokine & cytokine models
Kinases
Water & ion channels
Other Catalog Models
Inflammation & allergy
Humanized CD4
Human IgE / FcepsilonR1
Human TNF-alpha
Reporter mice
IL-4-IRES-eGFP (4get)
Foxp3-IRES-mRFP
hGITR/Foxp3
PK/PD
HSA/human FcRn
Rats
GFP
Bruton’s Tyrosine Kinase (Btk)
SDRG rat
Cell lines
MC38-Pd-l1 Knockout
Customized Models
Customized Mouse Models
Knockout mouse models
Conditional Knockouts
– Tissue-specific Knockouts
– Time-dependent Knockouts
Constitutive Knockouts
Protein function Knockouts
Knockin mouse models
Humanized Knockins
Point mutation Knockins
Reporter Knockins
Quick KI (Rosa26, Hprt)
Conventional Knockins
Customized Rat Models
Constitutive Knockouts
Conditional Knockouts
– Tissue-specific Knockouts
– Time-dependent Knockouts
Point mutations
Quick KI (Rosa26)
Customized Cell Lines
Constitutive Knockouts
Point mutations
Reporter Knockins
Quick KI (Rosa26)
Knockins
Our Technologies
CRISPR/Cas9
Structure
Mechanism of action
Efficacy
Off-target activity
Genetic backgrounds
Knockout development
Knockin development
R&D programs
HR
Homologous recombination
Typical model creations
SSR
Site-specific recombination
Cre-ERt2: Induced Cre activity
FLEx: Inducible point mutations
RMCE: Gene swapping
IRES
Internal ribosome entry site
How does it work?
Multigenic disease models
Reporter models
Cell lineage tracking
Expression pattern monitoring
Cre line generation
TET-On/Off
On demand gene induction
How does it work?
About
genOway
Who we are
From design to success
Techno-Patent-FTO
Corporate overview
Careers
Latest news
GW & Cyagen join forces in APAC
GW & Merck strengthen alliance
Extended HR license
Consortium for ICP models
FLEx rights granted to HHMI
Merck–CRISPR/Cas9 alliance
Axenis acquisition
Our Clients
Client portfolio
Partner for EU project
Testimonials
Interview
Publications
Highlighted publications
Publications 2019/20
Archives
Commentaries
Part 5: Preclinical Models in I/O – HSA/hFcRn
Part 4: Preclinical Models in I/O – ICP
Part 3: Preclinical Models in I/O – BRGSF-HIS
Part 2: Preclinical Models in I/O – BRGSF
Part 1: Preclinical Models in I/O
Nature publication on hVISTA
Prime editing: New gene editing tool
FLEx & Optogenetics
Catalog mice: 6 good reasons why
Immune checkpoint inhibitors
CRISPR: Unexpected rearrangements
Improving in vitro models: Organoids
iPS technology: Four factors
CRISPR: A Brimming Toolbox
Webinar
Rights to use CRISPR-based tools
Optimize your syngeneic models
Investors
Investor relations (EN)
Relations investisseurs (FR)
A new strategy (EN)
Une nouvelle stratégie (FR)
Contact Us
Thanks for reaching out.
Request a quote or information
Announce a meeting or invitation
Careers
You are here Home > Legal Notice
Legal Notice
Terms of use
When using this site, you agree to these terms of use. If you deny them, you are requested not to visit the site.
We reserve the right to make any change to the Terms of Use and Privacy Sections at our convenience. You are therefore requested to read through this field any time you visit the website in order to keep informed of the terms and conditions in force.
Property and usage
This website is the sole property of the Company genOway, a French Société Anonyme with registered capital of € 3 590 079 and duly listed in the Corporate and Trade Register under number 422 123 125 RCS in Lyon, with its head office at 31 Rue Saint Jean de Dieu - Lyon. The use of this site implies the user's agreement with genOway to be bound by these terms and to act accordingly.
Access
To access genOway's website pages, the user is not required to provide identification nor any personal information.
Reproduction
Any form of full or partial reproduction or representation of this website without genOway's prior consent is unlawful and deemed as an act of infringement unless the reproductions are intended solely for the copier's usage and not for institutional use.
Links
This site may include links with other, none genOway sites, whose contents cannot be controlled nor impacted by genOway. In addition, the access provided by genOway to other, none genOway sites does not mean that genOway guarantees or supports such sites. Furthermore, as stated below, genOway shall not be held liable for the contents of such sites or implications resulting from their use. Should the user elect to order goods or services from such websites, the user is made aware that genOway is not involved in these transactions and shall bear no responsibility to the user or any third party for any resulting consequence.
No guarantee
genOway makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the information provided by this site and expressly disclaims any obligation to update the same. In addition, genOway accepts no liability for any inaccurate or missing information. The whole informational content of this site is provided to the user on an "as is" and "according to availability" basis.
Limitation of liability
The user uses this site at its own risks.genOway shall not be held liable for any direct or indirect damage, including material, financial or data losses, that may result from access to or use of this site or any other related site. The contents of this site are not subject to any guarantee whatsoever.
The information contained in this site is provided for guidance only and shall not be construed as making up a contractual offer for goods or services from genOway. Some mistakes or omissions may be found.
Privacy
genOway respects the privacy of all persons visiting our websites and undertakes to protect their personal data and private life.
Data Protection Act (Loi Informatique et Liberté)
The CNIL (French Data Protection Authority) has been duly notified of this site which has been registered under number 828386. As per Article 27 of the Act 78-17 of 6 January 1978 and the European Directive 95/46/EC, users have the right to access, correct and delete the data that concern them, which they may exercise by writing to:
genOway
31 Rue Saint Jean de Dieu
69007 LYON, FRANCE
info(at)genoway.com
Personal data
The data collected through this site are intended for genOway's sole use. The company genOway undertakes not to disclose any personal data to companies not belonging to genOway.
In addition, no personal data is collected without the user's knowledge. All personal information received by genOway is data provided by users when interacting with the site as is the case when sending in a form.
Use of personal data
When users willingly provide us with personal data, they authorize genOway to use such data as per the conditions laid down in the Privacy Section. genOway may store and process users' personal data, in accordance with the relevant legal provisions, in order to better understand users' needs. genOway may also use this information to make contact with users (for instance, send them commercial or other types of documents, respond to their comments or request information). genOway shall neither give nor sell personal data to any third party organization. Last but not least, users must know that genOway shall disclose their personal data if so required by law or any search warrant, summons or order from a court.
Automated personal-data collection
In some cases, genOway may collect user-related information that is not personal. This information may include, for instance, the type of web browser or computer system used and the name of the web site domain from which the connection to the Genoway site has been made.
Information relating to the user's visit is stored for statistical processing purposes only and genOway undertakes to prevent any reconciliation between this browser-related data and users' personal data. See also our Cookie Policy.
How to contact us about your personal data
If we were provided personal data about the user via a genOway website by the user itself or by somebody else and if the user wishes to have this data deleted from our databases, the following steps should be taken:
send a letter to the following address:
genOway
31 Rue Saint Jean de Dieu
69007 LYON, FRANCE
send an e-mail to info(at)genoway.com
Links
This website may include links with or references to other websites that are beyond genOway's control. genOway has no control over such sites and the privacy policy adhered to by genOway does not apply to these sites.
Index Egalité Hommes/Femmes | Equality Index Men/Women
La note globale obtenu au titre de l’exercise 2019 est de 54/100. (PDF)  | The global ratio for the 2019 exercise is 54/100.
Credits
Publishing:
genOway
31 Rue Saint Jean de Dieu
69007 LYON, FRANCE
Conception & Hosting:
DOING
Le Rocacier, 15 rue Camille de Rochetaillée
42000 SAINT-ETIENNE
Site internet propulsé par EasyDo
Doing: création de site internet à Saint-Etienne Loire 42
Executive editor and publisher:
Alexandre FRAICHARD
Latest update: June 2018
Contact: info(at)genoway.com