https://www.nsf.org/ats-data-privacy
WHAT WE DO
Testing, Inspection and Certification
Consulting
Training and Education
Standards Development
LIBRARY
Knowledge Library
Consumer Resources
ABOUT NSF
About Us
Careers
Mission and History
The NSF Mark
News
Our People
Accreditations
Annual Awards
Companies
Regulatory Affairs
Locations
Corporate Social Responsibility
Contact
Client Login
Language:
English
English
Spanish
Search Certified
Products and Systems
Home
Looking for certified products and systems instead?
×
Close Search
Filter By
+
Filters
Apply Filters
Home
NSF International ATS Data Privacy Statement
NSF International wishes to provide you with information on the processing of your personal data within NSF International for specific purposes as set out below. The data you provide to us will be stored within the United States of America.
1. Handling of personal data
1.1 Purpose(s) and categories of personal data
Subject to you providing your legitimate interest via our application
platform we will process the following personal data for the following
purposes.
1.1.1 Application on vacant positions
When you apply for a job, we require you to create a candidate profile, containing:
your private contact data;
your educational background, skills and competencies (optional); and
your work history (optional).
When you enter the application for a vacant position, we additionally
require you to provide application documents, e.g. your CV, a resume,
reference letters and/or a cover letter.
1.1.2 Pro-active information about other job offers
You can choose to be informed about other job offers in your country
or world-wide through email job alerts you choose to be pro-actively
informed, we will base this communication on your candidate profile.
2. Transfer of personal data
2.1 Commissioned Processing
For the processing of your personal data, we will to some extent use
specialized service contractors who act as our data processors. Such
service contractors are carefully selected and regularly monitored by
us. Based on respective data processing agreements, they will only
process personal data in accordance with our instructions.
2.2 Third Parties
If you choose to be informed about other job offers in your country
or worldwide we may transfer your data to affiliate companies of NSF
International
2.3 Third countries
If you choose to be informed about job offers worldwide or if you
apply for worldwide positions, your personal data may be transferred to a
country for which the European Commission has not decided that it
ensures an adequate level of data protection, and therefore we apply
mandatory internal privacy policies within all NSF International
subsidiaries worldwide. NSF International will hold data based on
standard contractual clauses of EU commission - Additional information
regarding NSF International’s data protection policy is available upon
request noted in section 4
3. Retention period for personal data
Your personal data will be stored for six months after the completion
of the recruitment process. If you enter a new application during that
period the retention period will be recalculated based on the new
application.
4. Information regarding your rights
You have the right to request from us information about your
personal data, access to and rectification or erasure of personal data
or restriction of processing concerning you or to object to processing
as well as the right to data portability.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority.
You are not obliged to provide your personal data and there will be
no adverse consequences for you if you do not provide your personal
data.
For any questions you may have with respect to data privacy, or if
you wish to exercise your rights, please contact NSF International:
We can be reached at data.protection@nsf.org, 800-NSF-MARK (800-673-6275) or (+1) 734-769-8010.
Our postal address is:
P.O. Box 130140,
789 North Dixboro Road,
Ann Arbor, MI 48113-0140, USA
Last Modified: October, 4, 2019