http://www.begonias.org/about/privacy.htm
Donate  | Board Login  |  Contact  |  Sitemap
Visit us on Facebook
Home  |  About
| Membership
| The Begonian
| Branches
| Events
| Virtual Greenhouse
| Registered Begonias  | Resources  | Shop
History
Officers/Chairpersons
Constitution & Bylaws
Awards
Privacy Statement
Contact
Home
> About ABS
>
Privacy Statement
The American
Begonia Society Terms of Service & Use
Policy
This is the web site of The American Begonia Society.
Your privacy and the privacy of all users of
the American Begonia Society website, www.begonias.org,
and ABS members is of the highest priority. This privacy and terms of use statement explains what information we gather from you, how it may be used by us and how it is protected.
If you use the website, we assume you agree
with our policy. If you do not agree with
our policy, please do not use the ABS
website. If you have any questions, please contact us.
If you request information from www.begonias.org
or ABS members
through any of our email addresses, we use the information you submit to fulfill your requests (such as sending informational materials, fulfilling your order or responding to specific inquiries).
We also may use information for purposes of
the Society including providing names of ABS
members to those wishing to start a branch
in the ABS or in connection with internal communications (such as invitations to events).
If you do not want your information shared,
let our membership chairman know by email or
phone. This information is used for Society-related contacts only. We will not knowingly collect or use personal identifying information from children younger than 18 without parental consent. If knowledge of any information from any child younger 18 is collected, we will immediately delete such information.
We do not otherwise sell, rent, exchange or disclose our client lists or information about our web site users, except to the limited extent necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of our Society, our members, or others or to comply with applicable law. In the event of dissolution of the Society, all member data will be destroyed. We do not place cookies on visitors’ computers. However, we may gather information pertaining to Web site visitors’ browsers (user agents), click paths, operating system, IP address etc. This information is routinely collected by ALL major web servers by default. We use such information solely to provide a more beneficial visitor experience in terms of content and compatibility.
All of the content featured or displayed on the Site, including, but not limited to still images, text, pictorial works, video images, still images of video, graphic designs, audio recordings, multimedia combinations, and computer programs, including web-based programs ("Content") is owned or licensed by The American Begonia Society. Permission is given to place links to our Site on other sites; however, content from this site may not be posted on other sites without prior written permission of the Webmaster.
With respect to Content designated as available for download for educational purposes, American Begonia Society members, begonia hobbyists, ABS Branches and other begonia organizations, librarians, teachers, support staff, administrators, and other staff of educational institutions are authorized to download, print, reproduce and distribute such Content as may be beneficial for use in educational settings.
This authorization extends only as far as is necessary to directly benefit students and hobbyists, and, in general to further the hobby of begonia growing. Content subject to this Section may not be disseminated beyond these applications and may under no
circumstances be used for commercial purposes. The display of content that is owned or licensed by the American Begonia Society may only be done with the prior written permission of the Webmaster.
As a user of the website, you agree not to
post, upload or otherwise make available any
content that is unlawful, threatening,
abusive, vulgar, libelous, invasive of
another's privacy, or racially, ethnically
or otherwise objectionable. The webmaster
and/or the ABS maintain the right to remove
any such content and to bar any user who
violates this policy.
The American
Begonia Society website has no affiliation
with the Yahoo begonia group.
Home
| About |
Membership
| The Begonian | Branches
| Events |
Virtual Greenhouse | Registered Begonias
| Resources |
Shop
| Sitemap
© 2008 American Begonia Society. All rights reserved.
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy