http://www.rpaltd.co.uk/privacy-policy
enquiries@rpaltd.co.uk
+44 (0)1603 558442
+44 (0)1603 558442
Home
About
Services
Sectors
News
Contact us
Surveys
Projects
Report Library
COVID-19 Business Continuity Statement
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy outlines how your personal information is treated and forms part of the terms and conditions of this website. If you have any questions or require any further information, please contact us.
By choosing to use this website, you will have been deemed to consent to the collection and use of your data and personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.
We may collect your personal information, (for example, your name, email address, telephone number) via our website contact form, written correspondence, telephone calls and all other forms of communication.  We may selectively use your data to communicate with you for administrative purposes (for example to update our records), or to communicate with you for the purposes of research.
We may also collect information about your IP Address and the version of the web browser you use to access the website.
Unless otherwise stipulated, personal data collected will only be stored by, processed by, or on behalf of RPA in the UK.
We may pass on your personal information if we have a legal obligation to do so, or in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. You have the right to find out what information we hold about you, and to ask us not to use any of the information we collect.
We will not share your information with any other organisations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes, and we don’t pass on your details to other websites.
As the transmission of information over the internet is generally not secure, any data you transmit is done so at your own risk.  However, we have procedures in place to try and keep your data secure once we receive it.
The RPA website contains links to and from other websites.  This privacy policy only applies to this website, and doesn’t cover any websites that we link to.
If you come to RPA from another website, we may receive personal information about you from the other website. You should read the privacy policy of the website you came from to find out more about this.
If you are aged 16 or under, please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to the RPA website. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
We may occasionally modify and update this Privacy Policy. Any amendments to this statement will be held on this page.
A separate notice for RPA studies is available here.
If you have any questions or would like any further information, please get in touch.
Latest News
17. 11. 2020.
RPA has achieved Cyber Essentials PLUS Certification
RPA is pleased to announce we have achieved Cyber Essentials PLUS certification.
29. 10. 2020.
We've moved office!
We’ve got a big announcement here at RPA.