http://www.zdnet.com/article/this-companys-zoom-policy-may-be-the-worst-ive-ever-heard/
Special Feature
Inside this Special Feature
Working from home: The future of business is remote
This company's Zoom policy may be the worst I've ever heard
Budweiser wants to stop you shopping on Amazon while drunk
What's inside MJF's tiny home office? Too much podcast equipment
Microsoft's latest management ideas may make you cringe a little
IT leaders hardly ever get it wrong (say IT leaders)
What's inside SJVN's home office after 30 years of working from home?
Inside Charlie’s work-from-home setup: A millennial's small office space in progress
Google sent everyone home. Next door, they're all still in the office
Inside Ed Bott's home office: 'Two of everything'
Hybrid future seen for work from home, and these are top firms for work/life balance
The new standards of customer engagement: Why we won't go back to 'normal'
Ransomware vs WFH: How remote working is making cyberattacks easier to pull off
Part of a ZDNet Special Feature:
Working from home: The future of business is remote
By
Chris Matyszczyk
for Technically Incorrect
|
September 26, 2020 -- 12:00 GMT (05:00 PDT)
| Topic: Working from home: The future of business is remote
Oh, look. Marius is applying moisturizer. ×dad06.jpgI tend to believe in the goodness of humanity.
ZDNet Recommends
Best video conferencing software for business: Microsoft Teams plus eight more Zoom alternatives
Which video conferencing platform is right for your business? We've gathered details about 10 leading services, all capable of providing high-quality video with collaboration tools.
Read More
Except when it comes to love and money.Especially except when it comes to the love of money.So when working from home became compulsory for many, I worried some companies might take advantage.Some fine bosses have decided this is the perfect moment to spy on their employees, with the rise of helpfully intrusive new software.And then there's this. The company that insists employees are on Zoom all the time. Writing to workplace advice columnist
Alison Green in New York magazine's The Cut, a troubled employee revealed that her -- unnamed, for obvious reasons -- company was now on one lifelong Zoom call.
Speaking of her boss, the employee said: "He framed it as being for our benefit: useful for 'establishing a work-life balance' and so we can 'see our co-workers and feel like we're back in the office.'"Some might feel establishing a work-life balance doesn't involve revealing your apartment/bedroom/living room to everyone at work. All day. Some might also feel that being on camera all the time isn't entirely like being back in the office, but being back in the USSR circa 1958.This boss, though, seems to believe Zooming permanence has a multitude of benefits."Plus, it's supposedly so we can 'ask questions without having to take meetings,'" explained the employee. And there I was thinking that the way most people used to ask questions in offices was via Slack or IM.Oddly, this company didn't, pre-pandemic, have all its employees in a single office anyway. Yet here they are actually being required to be on constant, and very candid, camera, dressed for work.The more heartless managers might marvel just how much this could save on buying snooping software. Instead, you can instantly peer into your employees' homes through existing laptops and computers.Human beings, on the other hand, might observe that such an idea smears a patina of distaste upon an already difficult work sandwich.It's enough to open some part of your home to your bosses and co-workers. It's quite another for them to now have a CCTV camera at their disposal, there to watch you picking your nose for their own entertainment.This particular employee worries that finding another job is hard, so could there possibly be a way of finessing the boss to a more sanguine style of management?Of course, one idea is to get all the employees to band together and protest, in as delicate a way as possible. Green also suggests a more technical solution: "You certainly wouldn't be the first person whose internet bandwidth doesn't support staying on video all day long -- especially if there are other people in your house using it, like a spouse who's also working from home or kids doing online learning.""Comcast won't let me," is certainly an ingenious solution.Green admits this isn't the first company she's heard employing this zoomingly unpleasant idea. She does, though, offer some more generous ideas about what this boss's thought-process might be. Perhaps, for example, he wasn't a very talented manager even when employees were officed. Perhaps he has little experience of remote working.Or perhaps he's a bulbous bozo.Please forgive me, but I struggle to be remotely as sympathetic. If there's ever been a time for more empathetic management, I don't remember it.More than ever, bosses should be considering the whole of their employees' lives and understanding them. Yet, as recent Microsoft research revealed, working from home has resulted in more than 50% of IMs being sent between 6pm and midnight. Well, at Microsoft it has.Insisting that your employees are always on camera smacks of human ignorance, never mind distrust. Why would you ever think that any employee would believe this a good thing?I do, though, have an idea for this boss. In order to test his marvelous brainwave out, he alone should be on Zoom all the time. My, would the employees learn a lot about him and how the company is really run.
Miss baseball? Zoom with a virtual background...
SEE FULL GALLERY
1 - 5 of 31
NEXT
PREV
remote work
Best gifts: Home office tech that every remote worker wants
How remote working is making cyberattacks easier to pull off
ZDNet Recommends: The best products for every office
How the biggest change to office life will happen in our homes
How to be a better boss to remote workers
Has WFH made us less creative?
Workers feel abandoned, so they're making their own plans
Zoom launches Zapps, OnZoom as it builds out its ecosystem
What is phishing? Everything you need to know to protect yourself from scam emails and more
Salesforce bolsters Work.com with helpdesk, productivity, messaging tools
Zoom meetings: You can now add live captions to your call
Going back to the office? 5 major tech problems await you
Best cloud storage services
Working from home: The complete guide
The best VPNs for your home office
Related Topics:
Tech and Work
Cloud
Big Data Analytics
Innovation
Collaboration
Developer
By
Chris Matyszczyk
for Technically Incorrect
|
September 26, 2020 -- 12:00 GMT (05:00 PDT)
| Topic: Working from home: The future of business is remote
Show Comments
LOG IN TO COMMENT
My Profile
Log Out
| Community Guidelines
Join Discussion
Add Your Comment
Add Your Comment
Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription.
By registering, you agree to the Terms of Use and acknowledge the data practices outlined in the Privacy Policy.
You will also receive a complimentary subscription to the ZDNet's Tech Update Today and ZDNet Announcement newsletters. You may unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time.
You agree to receive updates, alerts, and promotions from the CBS family of companies - including ZDNet’s Tech Update Today and ZDNet Announcement newsletters. You may unsubscribe at any time.
By signing up, you agree to receive the selected newsletter(s) which you may unsubscribe from at any time. You also agree to the Terms of Use and acknowledge the data collection and usage practices outlined in our Privacy Policy.
Continue
Newsletters
See
All
See
All
Related Stories
Collaboration
Microsoft Teams: The complete starter guide for business decision makers
Enterprise Software
Microsoft Teams: 49-person grid is coming to Chrome and Edge, as breakout rooms arrive
Enterprise Software
Microsoft Teams and Slack rival? Kotlin-maker JetBrains launches Space for developers
Security
Proof-of-concept exploit code published for new Kerberos Bronze Bit attack