http://www.megtec.com/en/data-protection#cookiepolicy
We use cookies and similar technologies on this website ("Cookies"). In order to allow their use to analyze website usage and to enhance functionality, please click on “Accept”. To change the settings and select which specific Cookies we are allowed to use, or to obtain more detailed information, please click on “Details”.
Details
Deny
Accept
Imprint
Below, you can activate/deactivate the individual technologies that are used on this website.
Consent to all
Required
These Cookies make a website usable by providing basic functions such as page navigation, language settings, and access to protected areas. As the website is unable to function properly without them, you cannot opt out of this kind of Cookies.
Functionality
These Cookies help us to improve the functionality and attractiveness of our websites, and your user experience by saving, for example, your settings, and selections as well as filters, and to recognize your device on subsequent visits.
Analysis
These Cookies allow us, and the service providers (e.g. Google via the Google Analytics service) to collect and analyze information and statistics about your interaction with our website. This helps to optimize our website using the findings obtained.
Back
More information
(Privacy Statement)
Save settings
Imprint
durr-megtec.com
Data protection
The task of safeguarding your privacy is of immense importance to us. Accordingly, we proceed according to the statutory regulations of European and German data protection law regarding all data protection activities (e.g. collecting, processing and transmission).You can read our privacy notice for the Dürr Event App here.The following statement provides you with an overview as to which of your data are requested on our websites, in what way such data are used and forwarded, in which ways and means you can obtain information on the information made available to us, and what security measures we adopt to protect your data.Read also our privacy notice.This data protection (privacy) statement applies to the processing of data by the companies of the Dürr Group, which you can find in the annex to our privacy notice. You will also find the contact details of the controller and his operational data protection officer.Alternatively, you can also contact the data protection officer of Dürr AG, who you can reach by email at dataprotection@durr.com, for all questions and issues relating to data protection.Personal data are all information that refer to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”), such as your name, address, telephone number, date of birth, and IP address.As a matter of principle, we collect and use personal data of our users only to the extent necessary to provide a functioning website as well as our content and services. The collection and use of personal data of our users regularly take place only after users have given their consent. An exception applies in those cases in which obtaining prior consent is not possible for factual reasons and the processing of data is permissible on the basis of statutory regulations.a) Usage dataWhen using our websites, the following data are collected, with such storage serving exclusively for internal, system-related and statistical purposes, referred to as usage data:Information on the type and version of the browser usedThe IP address of the userDate and time of accessWebsites accessed by the user's system via our websiteThe data are likewise stored in the logfiles of our systems. Storage of such data along with other personal user data does not take place.The legal foundations for temporary storage of data and logfiles are defined in Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.The temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary to facilitate delivery of the website to the user’s computer. To this end, the IP address of the user must remain in storage for the duration of the session.The storage of data beyond this, namely in logfiles, is carried out to ensure the functionality of the website. In addition, the data allow us to optimize the website and to ensure the security of our information technology systems. An evaluation of data for marketing purposes does not take place in this context.These purposes also reflect our legitimate interest in data processing pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.The data are erased as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of their collection. In the case of data being collected to make the website available, this happens when the relevant session has come to an end.In cases where data are saved in logfiles, the IP addresses of the users are erased or pseudonymized so that any assignment reflecting the identity of the user making access is no longer possible.The collection of data to make the website available and the storage of the relevant data in logfiles is of crucial importance to operating the website. Accordingly, there is no option for any user objections in this regard.b) LoginOn our websites, for certain content (e.g. download center, B2B webshop) we offer you the option of registering with a user name and password. Registration for these services takes place either after personal contact with our employees or after registration on our websites using the registration form (download center) with access subsequently being granted by one of our employees. The registration form is used to collect the following personal data:First name and surnameCompany namePosition in the companyE-Mail addressThe legal basis for data processing in such cases is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR for contractual transactions carried out in the B2B webshop and Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR for the provision of information via our download center.The legitimate interest in processing data pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR is that confidential and internal corporate information may be made available via our information portals.The data are erased as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of their collection.This is the case for the data collected during the registration process, if the registration on our website is canceled or modified.This will also be the case during the registration procedure for performance under an agreement or for the execution of pre-contractual measures if the data for execution of the agreement are no longer needed. Even after concluding the agreement, it may be necessary to store personal data of the contracting partner in order to comply with contractual or statutory obligations.As a user, you may cancel the registration at any time. You can have your stored data modified at any time. Simply email us at info@durr.com.If the data are necessary for performance under an agreement or the execution of pre-contractual measures, premature erasure of data will be necessary only if this is not precluded by contractual or statutory obligations.c) Contact optionsFor certain functions of our websites (e.g. HR inquiries/service inquiries/press contacts), you can contact us via the email addresses provided and via a contact form. In this case, the personal data of the user sent via the contact form or with the email message will be stored.We use your data solely to process your request and can contact you for this purpose under the contact data provided. This is also our legitimate interest in processing the data. Any use of such data for advertising purposes or any forwarding to third parties will occur only once you have explicitly consented to such use.The legal basis for processing data that are transmitted in the course of making contact with us is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. If the aim of making contact is to enter into an agreement, then the additional legal basis for processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. In those cases in which the data are to be used for a job application process, the legal basis is Section 26 (1) of the [German] Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG).The data are erased as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of their collection. For the personal data that you have sent to us for the purpose of making contact, this will be the case if the relevant conversation with you has come to an end. The conversation will end when it can be assumed in the circumstances that the factual situation in question has been finalized.d) Purchase ordersAs a registered user, you can place orders on our website, e.g. by making a purchase. To facilitate this and to fulfill the purchase contract, we collect shipping and payment details (e.g. credit card details, account number, bank code) and record other information about the purchase order process (e.g. which items you add to your shopping basket, information about order picking and the order status). In each case, this is done on the basis of Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR and the forthcoming purchase contract. These data may also be disclosed to third parties (e.g. shipping providers, carriers, banks) where this is necessary for the performance of the contract.You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time in accordance with Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. To this end, please contact us at the email addresses specified above. In such a case, the conversation cannot be continued. All personal data saved in the course of the contact dialog will be erased in this case.We will use the personal data provided for answering your inquiries, making services available and for processing your order.Any disclosure, sale or any other transmission of your personal data to third parties will take place only if such forwarding is necessary for contractual processing or for settlement purposes or collection of remuneration (e.g. forwarding agency or payment service providers) or if you have explicitly given your consent.The legal basis for transmitting the data to third parties for contractual processing or for settlement purposes is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.Disclosure in cases ordered by lawWe wish to advise that we are authorized by order of the competent public authority in each specific case to provide information on data to the extent that this is necessary for the purposes of criminal prosecution, for aversion of dangers by the police authorities of the federal states, in performance of the statutory tasks imposed by the federal and state constitutional protection authorities, the Federal Intelligence Service (Bundesnachrichtendienst) or Federal Counter-Intelligence (Militärischer Abschirmdienst) or for the enforcement of intellectual property rights.All buttons for social networks and map services are integrated into our websites through placeholders. The buttons are only loaded when you click on the “Agreed” button in the respective placeholder. Only then will a connection be made to the servers of the relevant third-party provider and the information that you are visiting our websites transmitted. Before this, a text field will appear containing further information about the details of the possible transmission of data to third-party providers, with reference being made to this part of our data protection provisions. Your usage data will be transmitted only when you are logged into your account of the social network or service concerned (e.g. Google account – Google Maps). By clicking on the placeholder of the button, you consent to the processing of the data as described in this section of our data protection (privacy) statement. In this case, the legal basis for the processing of your data is the consent granted by you by clicking on the button, pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.Withdrawal of consent:You can cancel the processing of your data by the services and networks integrated via the plugins at any time with effect for the future. Your consent to the transmission of data is documented in a cookie stored on your device. The processing of data by the services and networks will end the instant you remove the corresponding cookies. You can find further information on how you can cancel the processing of data by cookies under point 8 “Cookie processing on your device”.We use plugins of the following providers:a) Twitter:We have integrated plugins of the external social network Twitter into our website. Exclusively responsible for Twitter and its website is Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103.If you have activated the plugin, Tweets will be reloaded and a connection to the servers of Twitter will be established. If you are logged into Twitter through your user account, certain information and user data will be transmitted to Twitter, including the fact that you have visited our website. This information will be transmitted to Twitter, where it will be saved and in certain circumstances will also be forwarded to third parties, in particular advertising partners of Twitter. However, this will only happen if you are logged in to your Twitter user account. To prevent any transmission of data to Twitter, you must log out of your Twitter user account before you click on Twitter links in our website. We wish to advise that the functions allocated to the Twitter links, in particular the transmission of information and user data to Twitter, do not become active by visiting our websites but only by clicking on the plugin.You can obtain further information on the purpose and extent of data collection and the further processing and use of your data and the storage duration by Twitter from its own data protection provisions. These can be viewed on the Internet at https://twitter.com/en/privacy. Here, you will also find, for example, information on optional settings to protect your privacy and on your farther-reaching rights relating to the collection, processing and use of your data by Twitter, and on how to withdraw your consent.Twitter is a company headquartered in the USA. It is therefore likely that your data collected by Twitter will be transmitted to the USA.b) YouTube: We have integrated videos and a social stream of the provider YouTube into our websites. YouTube is a service of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (“YouTube”). The YouTube videos of our video channel are also only reloaded when you click on the corresponding plugin, at which point a connection will be established with YouTube’s servers.To embed videos we use so-called expanded data protection, which largely restricts the processing of data by YouTube. In this case, according to YouTube, no information about the users of our website will be stored before these users watch the embedded video. However, it remains possible that data will be forwarded to YouTube partners. Furthermore, YouTube establishes the connection to the DoubleClick network after the plugin has been activated, regardless of whether you watch a video.Once you have activated the plugin, a connection to the servers of YouTube will be established and YouTube will collect data about which of our pages you have visited. YouTube collects further data about your browsing behavior when you are logged into your YouTube account. To prevent any transmission of usage data to YouTube, you must log out of your YouTube account before you click on YouTube links on our website.You can obtain further information on the purpose and extent of data collection and the further processing and use of your data and the storage duration by YouTube from its own data protection provisions. These can be viewed on the Internet at https://www.youtube.com/account_privacy. Here, you will also find, for example, information on optional settings to protect your privacy and on your farther-reaching rights relating to the collection, processing and use of your data by YouTube, and on how to withdraw your consent.Google Ireland Ltd. is a subsidiary of Google LLC with headquarters in the USA. It cannot be ruled out that your data collected by Google will also be transmitted to the USA.c) Map services: Google Maps: We use a plugin of the Internet service Google Maps on our website. The operator of Google Maps is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (“Google”). Once you activate the Google Maps plugin on our website, information about the use of this website and your IP address is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and also stored on this server. We have no knowledge either of the exact content of the data transmitted, or of their use by Google. In this context, the company denies the connection of the data with information from other Google services and the collection of personal data.By activating the plugin, you consent to the described collection and processing of the information by Google. You can find more information about the data protection provisions and terms of use for Google Maps here: https://www.google.com/help/terms_maps/.Google Ireland Ltd. is a subsidiary of Google LLC with headquarters in the USA. It cannot be ruled out that your data collected by Google will also be transmitted to the USA.Baidu Maps:We use a plugin of the Internet service Baidu on our website. The operator of Baidu Maps is Baidu Inc, Baidu Campus, No. 10 Shangdi 10th Street, Haidian District, Beijing, 100085 China (“Baidu”). Please note that we only offer the Baidu service to persons outside the EU or EEA. If you activate the Baidu Maps plugin on our website, information about the use of this website and your IP address is transmitted to a Baidu server and also stored on this server. We have no knowledge either of the exact content of the data transmitted, or of their use by Baidu. We therefore do not assume any liability for such data processing.By activating the plugin, you declare, on the one hand, that you are located outside the EU or the EEA and, on the other hand, that you consent to the described collection and processing of the information by Baidu. You can find more information about the data protection provisions and terms of use for Baidu Maps here: http://ir.baidu.com/baidu-statement-privacy-protection/.Yandex.Maps: We use a plugin of the Internet service Yandex on our website. The operator of Yandex.Maps is YANDEX LLC, Ulitsa Lva Tolstogo 16, Moscow, 119021 Russia. (“Yandex”). Please note that we only offer the Yandex service to persons outside the EU or EEA. If you activate the Yandex.Maps plugin on our website, information about the use of this website and your IP address is transmitted to Yandex servers in Russia and the EEA and also stored on these servers. We have no knowledge either of the exact content of the data transmitted, or of their use by Yandex. Yandex itself indicates that personal data collected via its services are aggregated and merged under your Yandex user account when you are logged into it while using Yandex.Maps on our websites. We therefore do not assume any liability for such data processing.By activating the plugin, you declare, on the one hand, that you are located outside the EU or the EEA and, on the other hand, that you consent to the described collection and processing of the information by Yandex. You can find more information about the data protection provisions and terms of use for Yandex.Maps here: https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/.d) Links to social networksSome of our websites also link to social media platforms via the relevant icon on our websites bearing the logo of each social media platform with a link to our social media page. Social plugins (such as the Facebook “Like” button) are not integrated in these cases.Our links to the social media services do not cause any of your data to be transmitted to these services. These are normal hyperlinks, via which generally no data transmission takes place. Clicking on the link will take you directly to our social media presence with the respective social media service. Data transmission only takes place if you are logged into your user account with the social media service in question.By clicking on the links, you are personally responsible for data transmission to the above-mentioned social network services because by logging into your social network account and following the link in question, you also become actively involved, subsequently initiating the data processing by the relevant social network service.e) Facebook (Fanpage)For the purposes of Art. 26 GDPR, the Dürr Group operates a fanpage along with Facebook as joint controllers. The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. The controller for processing personal data, when a data subject lives outside the USA or Canada, is Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.Whenever our fanpage is visited, some of the user’s personal data are collected (by using cookies, for example). This data are collected primarily by Facebook. Visitors to this fanpage who are not logged in through Facebook are also recorded. You will find information about data collection and other processing through Facebook in Facebook’s privacy notice.https://facebook.com/about/privacy/In individual cases, Dürr can see only the information which you have made public on your profile. You can decide in your Facebook settings which information to specify. You also have the option in your Facebook settings (https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=privacy) to actively hide your “Likes” or stop following the fanpage. If you do so, your profile will no longer appear in the list of fans of this fanpage.Dürr has no direct access to the data collected by Facebook. Instead, Facebook gives us only highly summarized (i.e. anonymous) evaluations, such as:Followers: Number of people following Dürr, including growth and development over a defined timeframeRange: Number of people who see a specific post. Number of interactions on a post. This indicates, for example, which content would be better received by the community.Ad performance: How many people have seen an ad?Demographics: Average age of visitors, gender, residence, languageWe use these statistics (which cannot be traced to any particular user) to constantly improve our online services on Facebook and to better meet our users’ needs. The legal basis for these usage statistics is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.We cannot connect the statistical data to any of our fans’ profile data. You can go to your Facebook settings to choose how targeted ads will be shown to you.Dürr receives specific personal data through Facebook only if you have actively communicated them to us using a personal message on Facebook. We will then use your data (such as your first name and surname) to answer your request in our customer support. Your data will be stored in our CRM system for this purpose. The legal basis for that storage will be Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The same applies if you send us your request through a Facebook form.  Since a fanpage has two controllers for the purposes of Art. 26 GDPR – the fanpage operator and Facebook – we have concluded an agreement with Facebook to that end:Facebook Page Controller Addendumhttps://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendumWe hereby inform you of how you can assert your rights as a data subject in this particular case:If you have any questions about the specific data which Facebook collects, please contact Facebook: Facebook’s Data PolicyIf you have questions or concerns about the Insight Data processed by Dürr, please contact our data protection officer (refer to 1. Who is your contact (“controller”) regarding your data protection activities?); regarding your other rights as a data subject please refer to section 9. Rights of the data subject.We have adopted a large number of security measures to adequately protect personal data to the appropriate extent.Our databases are protected by physical and technical measures as well as procedural measures that restrict access to information to specifically authorized persons in conformity with this data protection statement. Our information system is protected by a software firewall in order to prevent access from other networks connected to the Internet. Only employees who need the information to perform a certain task receive access to personal information. Our employees are trained in the field of security and data protection practices.When collecting and transmitting data via our websites, we deploy the standardized SSL encryption technology. In the order process, personal data are protected via SSL encryption, identifiable by the padlock icon and the prefix “https://” in the URL bar.If a password is necessary for access to our websites, you should never allow third parties access to it and you should change it regularly. In addition, when accessing our websites you should not use the same password that you also use on other websites for password-protected access (email account, online banking, etc.). When you have left our pages, you should confirm the logout and close your browser to avoid unauthorized persons from obtaining access to your user account.When communicating by email, we cannot guarantee full-scale data security.In order to make additional information on our offering available to you, you can subscribe to newsletters on some of our websites. For the processing of data for advertising messages mentioned below, your consent is obtained as part of the subscription process and reference is made to this data protection (privacy) statement.The legal basis for the processing of data after registration for these services by you is Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.The purpose of collecting your e-mail address is to send you the newsletter.The collection of other personal data as part of the registration process serves to prevent misuse of the services or of the e-mail address used.The data are erased as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of their collection. Your e-mail address will be stored as long as the subscription to the information service is active.You can cancel your subscription to the services at any time. To this end, each newsletter contains a corresponding notice.This also makes it possible to withdraw consent to the storage of personal data collected during the subscription process. Corporate information and financial reports of Dürr AGWe offer you the opportunity to receive corporate information and financial reports via our ordering service.In order to send e-mail messages to our customers, we use the advertising service of the provider EGS Group, Karlstr. 47, 80333 Munich, German (“EQS”). The data mentioned below are processed by EQS on our behalf and stored for this purpose on the servers of EQS in Germany. EQS uses your data solely to send the advertising messages.In the process, the data collected from the input screen are transmitted to us during registration.CompanyDepartmentPosition in the companyFirst name and surnameAddressE-Mail addressTelephone number (optional)Fax number (optional)Mobile phone number (optional) Online publications of Dürr AGIt is also possible to receive information about online publications of the Dürr Group via our newsletter. In the process, the data collected from the input screen are transmitted to us during registration.In order to send the newsletter to our customers, we use the advertising e-mail service of the provider SC-Networks GmbH, Würmstraße 4, 82319 Starnberg, Germany (“SC-Networks”). The data mentioned below are processed by SC-Networks on our behalf and stored for this purpose on the servers of SC-Networks in Germany. SC-Networks uses your data solely to send and evaluate the advertising e-mails.E-Mail addressCompany (optional)Salutation and title (optional)First name and surname (optional)Address (optional)The newsletters send on our behalf by SC-Networks contain a tracking pixel that transmits information to SC-Networks the instant you open the newsletter. This information is then downloaded by us from the servers of SC-Networks to enable us to generate statistical analyses and to gage the success of our newsletter campaigns.This information allows us to determine whether the newsletters are opened, when they are opened, and which links within the newsletter are clicked on. It is technically possible to identify the individual newsletter recipients here, although neither we nor SC-Networks as a service provider use this as a means of individually tracking or monitoring individual users. We use the analyses only to determine the degree of interest in specific topics and to measure the effectiveness of our communication measures. This also reflects our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The user data are regularly deleted when these are no longer needed for the creation of anonymised general analyses. Right to objectBy exercising your right to cancel receipt of the newsletter (via link, see above), you can also object to the processing of your data for tracking purposes.We use so-called cookies on our websites. Cookies are small amounts of data in the form of text information that the web server sends to your browser. These cookies are only stored on your hard disk. Cookies can be read only by the server that previously placed them on your device. Cookies do not store any personal information, such as your name. The data stored in the cookies are not linked to your personal data (name, address, etc.).a) Transient and persistent cookiesTransient cookies are automatically deleted when you close your browser. These include, in particular, session cookies. These store a so-called session ID that allows different requests you make in your browser to be allocated to the common session. This enables our website to recognize your computer next time you visit. The session cookies are deleted when you log out or close the browser.We use transient cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some elements of our website require that the calling browser can be identified even after a page change. The following data, for example, are stored and transmitted in the cookies:Browser settings regarding cookies (whether they are activated or not)Language settings of the userLog-in informationWe also use persistent cookies on our website that enable us to analyze users’ browsing behavior. Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which can vary depending on the cookie. This allows us to record and analyze the click behavior of users on our websites (recorded data are, for example, browser data, click frequency and click-through rate).The data collected through persistent cookies are pseudonymized by technical measures, which means that it is no longer possible to associate the data with the user. The relevant data are not stored together with other personal data of the users.b) Tracking-/Web-BugsSome of our services also use tracking/web bugs or tracking pixels. These are usually code snippets measuring only 1x1 pixels, which are able to identify and recognize your browser ID - the individual fingerprint of your browser. This allows the service provider to see when and how many users have accessed the pixel, or whether and when an email was opened or a website visited.To prevent web bugs on our websites, you can use tools such as webwasher, bugnosys or AdBlock. To prevent web bugs in our newsletter, please set your mail program so that no HTML is displayed in messages. Web bugs are also prevented by reading your emails offline. Without your explicit consent, we will not use web bugs to collect personal information about you or to transmit such information to third parties and marketing platforms without your knowledge.c) Local StorageSo that we can adapt our services to your needs and make you tailored offers, we use local storage technology in addition to cookies. This technology involves storing certain data in the local cache of your browser. These data are also retained after you have closed the browser and can be accessed and read by us again on your next visit to our websites.Local storage enable us to store your preferences for the use of our websites. The data from the local storage are used on our websites so that, for example, you do not have to make certain selections again after the initial input (Jobcenter/FAQ), that your choice of certain formats on our websites is retained the next time you visit, or that you are instantly shown an initial selection of interesting articles when you visit the websites.d) Legal basis for the use of cookies, web bugs, tracking pixels, etc.The legal basis for the processing of personal data using technically necessary cookies is Art. 6 (1) (1) (f) GDPR.The purpose of using technically necessary cookies is to simplify the use of websites for users. Some functions of our website cannot be offered without the use of cookies. For these, it is necessary that the browser is recognized even after a page change.For technically necessary cookies, the right of objection is excluded as this is mandatory in order to show you our website and its contents, and to make the functionalities of the website available to you.The user data collected by technically necessary cookies are not used to create user profiles.The use of technologies for increasing the functionality as well as for analytical and marketing purposes is aimed at improving the quality of our website and its content. The analysis cookies enable us to learn how the website is used and can thus continuously optimize our offering. Processing, in particular on your device, that is based on cookies or other identifiers (e.g. browser fingerprints, pixels, local storage) (hereinafter “Cookies”) and is not technically required for the function of our websites, will be carried out by us only with your consent, which you can grant via our cookie banner when visiting our websites for the fist time. The legal basis for such cookie-based processing is Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR in conjunction with Section 12 (1) TMG, Art. 5 (3) ePrivacy Directive. Cookies that are not required for the function of our websites will not be placed until you have given your consent.e) Withdrawal of consent given for the use of cookies, web bugs, tracking pixels, etc.You may withdraw your consent for the collection of data by cookies at any time. The following steps must be performed to do so:Open the settings for cookies on our website via the "Cookies" footerIn the next window that opens, you have the option to revoke the data processing for individual categories of cookies and similar technologies (e.g. data storage in the local storage)You can also delete cookies at any time or adjust your browser’s corresponding cookie settings. For more information about how you can delete and/or administer your browser’s cookie settings, please see your browser’s help pages. Data can also be removed from local storage by emptying your browser's local storage.f) List of first-party cookies used
Name of cookie
Type of cookie
Name of application
Purpose of cookie
Storage duration
Consent-analysis
technically required
Cookie banner
This cookie is used by the cookie banner to store the selection for analysis cookies.The banner will subsequently no longer appear on each page.
6 months
Consent-functional
technically required
Cookie banner
This cookie is used by the cookie banner to store the selection for functional cookies.The banner will subsequently no longer appear on each page.
6 months
Consent-youtube, Consent-maps-google, Consent-maps-baidu, Consent-maps-yandex, Consent-socialstream
technically required
YouTube, map services, social feeds
Part of the two-click solution for the GDPR-compliant use of plugins; used for the recording and recognition of those users who have given their consent to the transmission of data via the plugin concerned.
6 months
fe_typo_user
technically required
Login
Enables login from the front end, e.g. in the download center
Until end of session
JSESSIONID
technically required
Shopping basket
Saves the current session in the store.
Until end of session
current_cart
technically required
Shopping basket
Internal shop session ID that is linked to the user’s shopping basket.
A cookie is placed as soon as a product is added to the shopping basket.
The cookie is used, for example, to recover the user’s previous shopping basket if they visit the site later on.
October 2031
ROUTE
technically required
Load balancer
Information for the load balancer, which distributes access to the shop to different nodes.
Until end of session
remember_me
functionality
User login
Contains tokens to allow the user to automatically log in again to the shop. This is only a “partial login,” as the user must reenter their username and password before placing an order.
2 weeks
Processing of the data collected by us and third-party providers via analytical cookies We use the analytical tool Google Analytics for the statistical and analytical evaluation of certain data. In principle, this involves the service recording the collected data in pseudonymized form and using them solely for statistical purposes.We process the data collected by the analytical tool solely on the basis of your prior consent and in order to constantly improve the services and offers provided on our website and keep them available for our customers.Google AnalyticsOn our websites, we use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer and enable us to analyze how you use the website, as described above in the Cookies section. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Our website uses IP anonymization for data transferred to Google. Before the data are sent, Google truncates and thereby anonymizes your IP address. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services relating to website and Internet use. The IP address transmitted by your browser in the context of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, please note that if you do so you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing such data by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link (http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).For further information on how Google Analytics works and the relevant terms of use and data protection provisions applicable to this service, please visit https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/terms/us/ or https://policies.google.com/privacy. We also wish to reiterate that Google Analytics is used with the extension anonymizeIP on our websites and therefore IP addresses are only processed further in truncated form in order to rule out any personal reference.Where you have given your consent, we use cross-device tracking on our websites to analyze your usage behavior. This means that we are able to recognize you as a registered user of our websites across different devices. An ID will be allocated to you for this purpose when you register on our website. This ID is recognized by Google Analytics when you log onto our websites from different devices (e.g. cell phone, tablet). The data collected about you are summarized under the corresponding ID by Google, pseudonymized and stored at Google solely on the basis of the allocated ID, and made accessible to us. We use these pseudonymized usage profiles to be able to make your shopping experience on our website even more personal and tailored to your needs.Google Ireland Ltd. is a subsidiary of Google LLC with headquarters in the USA. It cannot be ruled out that your data collected by Google will also be transmitted to the USA. Withdrawal of consentYou can also prevent Google from collecting the data relating to your use of the website (including your anonymized IP address) and from processing such data by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link (http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).If your personal data are processed, you are a data subject as defined by the GDPR and you have the following rights in relation to the controller:Information, rectification, limitation of processing and erasureYou have the right to free information about your personal data stored by us, their origin and recipients as well as the purpose of data processing via our websites at any time. Furthermore, you have the right to rectification, erasure and limitation of processing of your personal data, provided that the statutory requirements for this are met.Right to data portabilityYou have the right to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to us as data controller in a structured, common and machine-readable format. We can fulfill this right by providing a csv export file of the customer data processed concerning you.Right to informationIf you have exercised your right to have the data controller rectify, erase or restrict data processing, the controller is obliged to inform all recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been disclosed of such rectification, erasure or restriction of processing unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.You have the right in relation to the controller to be informed of such recipients.Right to objectYou have the right, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you, which may be processed in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f) GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.The controller no longer processes the personal data concerning you unless he or she can prove compelling reasons worthy of protection for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.If the personal data concerning you are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of the personal data concerning you for the purpose of such marketing; this also applies to profiling, to the extent that it is associated with such direct marketing.If you object to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data concerning you will no longer be processed for such purposes.You have the option to exercise your right of objection in connection with the use of information society services by means of automated procedures using technical specifications, notwithstanding the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC.Revocability of declarations of consent under data protection lawIn addition, you may withdraw your consent at any time, with effect for the future, by contacting us at the contact details given below.Automated decision-making in individual cases, including profilingYou have the right not to be subject to a decision based exclusively on automated processing - including profiling - that has legal effect against you or significantly impairs you in a similar manner. This does not apply if the decision(1) is necessary for the conclusion of, or performance under, a contract between you and the controller, (2) is admissible by law of the European Union or of the Member States to which the controller is subject and such legal regulations contain appropriate measures to safeguard your rights, freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is given with your explicit consent.However, these decisions must not be based on special categories of personal data according to Art. 9 (1) GDPR unless Art. 9 (2) (a) or (g) GDPR applies and appropriate measures have been taken to safeguard your rights, freedoms and legitimate interests.In the cases referred to in (1) and (3), the controller must take reasonable measures to safeguard your rights, freedoms and legitimate interests, including at least the right to intervention by a person on behalf of the controller, to state your own position and to challenge the decision taken.Right to object to a supervisory authorityWithout prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to object to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State in which you are resident, working or in which the alleged violation occurred, if you believe that the processing of personal data concerning you violates the EU General Data Protection Regulation.The supervisory authority with which the complaint has been lodged will inform the complainant of the status and the results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy under Art. 78 GDPR.We reserve the right to amend this data protection (privacy) statement as required and without prior notification. You should therefore visit this page on a regular basis to learn of any amendments to this data protection (privacy) statement.