http://www.lab-animal.com/privacy-policy/
Welcome to the Lab Animal
Privacy Policy
Agenda regard your privacy as important. This privacy notice describes that the information we collect from you enables us to send you information about products and services in which you have registered an interest. By providing us with your information you consent to us processing it for this purpose. We will not sell or pass on your data to a third party.
Who are we?
Agenda Marketing and Communications is a division of Agenda Resource Management Ltd (from herein Agenda) and is a specialist in recruitment and facilities management.
Contents of privacy policy
Who are we?
Who controls my personal data?
What is Personal data?
What personal data does Agenda collect from you?
Cookies
What does Agenda do with your information?
How does Agenda protect my data?
Can I find out what information Agenda hold about me?
What forms of ID will I need to provide to access this?
What is Agenda’s legal basis for processing of your personal data?
Who do you share my information with?
Your rights as a data subject
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Complaints
Who controls my personal data?
The Data Controller is Agenda.
Agenda is registered in the UK with the Company Number 3295323.
Agenda’s registered address is Regents Court, Princess Street, Hull, HU2 8BA.
Agenda is registered as a Data Controller with the Information Commissioner’s Office Certificate Number Z4680545.
You can contact Agenda’s Data Protection Officer (DPO) by
Email: dataprotection@agenda-rm.co.uk
Phone: 08456 44 55 45
Agenda are committed to protecting your privacy and personal data as defined in the Data Protection Act 1998, the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) or any successor legislation in the UK to the GDPR or the Data Protection Act 1998.
What is Personal data?
Under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) personal data is defined as:
“any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person”.
What personal data does Agenda collect from you?
Email Address
First name
Last name
Job role
Company name
Postal address
Facility type
Animals worked with
Cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information for Advertising. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual and we will not collect personal information in this way.
We may obtain information about your general Internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service.
They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To recognise your computer or device when you return to our site.
The ability for our embedded video and radio players to load faster.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser, which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you visit our site.
What does Agenda do with your information?
Agenda, will collect and use your personal data:
To send Lab Animal (Europe, Asia and International) publication
3rd party promotions which we believe you will be interested in based on the preferences that you have informed Agenda about;
To improve the design, content and security of Lab Animal website, services and promotions;
To perform other general marketing and promotional activities focused on our products and services.
Agenda will process (collect, store and use) the information you provide in a manner compatible with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will endeavour to keep your information secure, accurate and up to date, and not keep it for longer than is necessary.
How does Agenda protect my data?
To support compliance with all relevant UK and EU data protection law and the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Agenda Resource Management have implemented a personal information management system (PIMS) in accordance to the British standard BS 10012. The objective of the implementation of the PIMS is to provide direction and support for compliance with data protection requirements and good practice. Agenda shall establish, implement, maintain and continually improve the PIMS, including the processes needed and their interactions, in accordance with the requirements of the British Standard BS 10012.
Certification and alignment to ISO/IEC 27001 Information Security Management, BS EN ISO 9001 Quality Management, ISO 22301 Business Continuity and BS EN ISO 14001 Environmental Management and Cyber Essentials are used to support the PIMS as well as suitable qualified and experience personnel in the roles of data protection officer, information security and data owners. These roles will oversee and review data processing activities, maintain data inventories and data impact assessments to ensure that adequate organisational and technical measures are in place which are reviewed on a yearly basis.
Can I find out what information Agenda hold about me?
Agenda at your request, can confirm what information we hold about you and how it is processed.
What forms of ID will I need to provide to access this?
Agenda accepts the following forms of ID when information on your personal data is requested:
Passport
driving licence
birth certificate
plus, a utility bill from last 3 months
What is Agenda’s legal basis for processing of your personal data?
1. Consent
By consenting to this privacy notice you are giving Agenda the permission to process your personal data specifically for marketing.
Consent is required to receive Lab Animal.
Consent is required to receive communication from 3rd party organisations promoting their products and services. These 3rd parties do not have access to your personal data, this distribution is managed by Agenda.
Consent is required for Agenda to process the personal data listed above, but it must be explicitly given. You may withdraw consent at any time by emailing
dataprotection@agenda-rm.co.uk or by clicking the unsubscribe link in the email.
2. Legitimate Interest
You have requested or had dealings with Agenda previously and Agenda believe that you will be interested in the marketing information that Agenda are sending you. If you wish to unsubscribe you can email dataprotection@agenda-rm.co.uk or by clicking the unsubscribe link in the email.
Who do you share my information with?
Agenda will not sell or pass on your personal data to third parties and will only use the information for the purpose identified.
Your rights as a data subject
At any point while we are in possession of or processing your personal data, you, the data subject, have the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Right to judicial review: in the event that Agenda refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. You have the right to complain as outlined below.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we make significant changes in the way we treat your personal information, or to the Privacy Policy, we will make that clear on our websites or by email, so that you are able to review the changes.
Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by Agenda or how your complaint has been handled, you have the right to lodge a complaint directly with The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and Agenda’s Data Protection Officer.
The details for each of these contacts are:
Contact
Data Protection Officer (DPO) contact details
Supervisory authority contacts details (ICO)
Address
Data Protection OfficerPO Box 24
Hull
HU12 8YJ
Information Commissioner’s OfficeWycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
Email
dataprotection@agenda-rm.co.uk
Phone
08456445545
0303 123 1113