http://www.emr-inc.com/privacy.html
Privacy
Contact Information
EMR, Inc. Company Headquarters
4566 Hwy 20 E, Suite 204
Niceville, FL 32578
(850) 897-0210 - Main Office
(904) 212-0787 - Fax
Privacy Policy
EMR, Inc. (EMR) created this website privacy policy to ensure the confidence of visitors and customers of and to our site.
EMR respects your privacy and does not sell, rent or loan any identifiable information collected on this site. Any information that you give will be treated in a careful and secure manner. It will not be used in ways to which you have not consented.
This statement explains how we may collect and use information about you through our website. If you have any questions about our privacy policies, want to exercise your right to see a copy of the information that we hold about you or think that information that we hold about you may need to be corrected, please send an email to our Human Resources Administrator, Allison McDorman (amcdorman@emr-inc.com).
We do not seek to identify visitors unless they volunteer their contact details through one of the forms on the site. Various forms on our site invite you to submit your contact details and other information about yourself or your organization, or to send us emails which may, of course, also identify you. In each case, the purpose for which you are invited to give us information is clear. We will only use your details to send you information from EMR that you have specifically requested to receive. If you no longer wish to receive such information, our emails contain a link that will allow you to change or terminate your subscription to our email alerting service. Alternatively, you can let us know your preferences by sending an email to amcdorman@emr-inc.com. We will not use your information for purposes that are not clear when you provide your details, and will not disclose it outside EMR, except in very limited circumstances and only with your agreement or where we are legally obliged to do so.
We may use ‘cookies’ to monitor how people use our site. This helps us to understand how our customers and potential customers use our website so we can improve and manage our site. We do not use them for advertising or any other promotional purposes.
EMR takes all reasonable security measures to protect personal information from loss, unauthorized access, destruction, misuse, modification or disclosure. As far as permissible under law, EMR accepts no responsibility for the unauthorized access of personal information held by EMR.
The content of our privacy policies may be updated from time to time, so we suggest that you return to the website on a regular basis and carefully read the information provided.
Message from Our CEO
History
Purpose and Core Values
Environment
Construction
Emergency Management and Response
Projects
United States
Asia
Employment Opportunities
Benefits
Application
Submit Your Resume
Contact HR Department
© Copyright 2015 EMR, Inc.