https://www.atse.org.au/about-us/academy-policies/diversity-and-inclusion-policy/
ATSE-Logo - black ATSE: Australian Academy of Technology and Engineering
Menu
ATSE-Logo - black ATSE: Australian Academy of Technology and Engineering
Sign in
Search
Search
Close
Close
COVID-19
Research & policy
Big issues
Meeting the climate change challenge
Helping Australia get technology ready
Embracing our digital future
Social cohesion is crucial
Themes
Agriculture
Climate change
Digital futures
Education
Energy
Health technology
Industry & innovation
Infrastructure
International collaboration
Mineral resources
Water
Publications
Programs & awards
ATSE Awards 2020
IMNIS: Industry mentoring – it’s win-win
STELR: Bringing STEM to life in schools
Our commitment to diversity and inclusion
Global connections
Asia-Pacific Women in Entrepreneurship Initiative
YSEP 2020
ATSE Awards
Clunies Ross Awards
Clunies Ross Awards categories explained
History of the Clunies Ross Awards
Clunies Ross Award winners 2019
Clunies Ross Award winners 2018
Clunies Ross Award winners 2017
Clunies Ross Award winners 2016
Clunies Ross Award winners 2015
Clunies Ross Award winners 2014
Clunies Ross Award winners 2013
Clunies Ross Award winners 2012
Clunies Ross Award winners 2011
Clunies Ross Award winners pre-2011
Batterham Medal
History of the Batterham Medal
Ezio Rizzardo Polymer Scholarship
ICM Agrifood Award
David and Valerie Solomon Award
About David and Valerie Solomon
News & events
News
Budget 2020
President’s Reflections
Events
Magazines
Podcasts
Videos
Media releases
Newsroom for media
ATSE social media assets
About
The Board
Committees
Policy Forums
State Divisions
Our strategy
Annual Review
Our history
Our partners
Our Australian partners
Our global partners
Academy policies
Diversity and Inclusion Policy
Code of Conduct
Event Registration Cancellation Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Website Use
Whistleblower Policy
Workplace Equal Opportunity, Harassment and Bullying Policy
Support us
Contact us
Meet the team
Working for us
Fellows
New Fellows
All Fellows
Featured Fellows
Deceased Fellows
Announcing ATSE’s New Fellows
ATSE-Logo+Tag - black ATSE: Australian Academy of Technology and Engineering
Fellows sign in
Contact
Disclaimer & privacy
Visit our soundcloud
Visit our linkedin
Visit our twitter
Visit our youtube
Academy policies
Diversity and Inclusion Policy
Home > About > Academy policies > Diversity and Inclusion Policy
About
The Board
Committees
Policy Forums
State Divisions
Our strategy
Annual Review
Our history
Our partners
Our Australian partners
Our global partners
Academy policies
Diversity and Inclusion Policy
Code of Conduct
Event Registration Cancellation Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Website Use
Whistleblower Policy
Workplace Equal Opportunity, Harassment and Bullying Policy
Support us
Contact us
Meet the team
Working for us
The Academy’s Diversity and Inclusion Commitment
The Academy of Technology and Engineering commits to more direct diversity and inclusion action and outcomes. The Academy, as a STEM- underpinned organisation, will be more impactful and successful if it fully embraces diversity and inclusion in all of its activities.
A concerted national effort is required to overcome the cultural, institutional and organisational factors that limit diversity and inclusion.[1],[2] To address this, we are expanding our policy framework making diversity and inclusion core business with our own strategic priorities, rather than a special initiative within the Academy.
The Academy particularly recognises the significant role it has to play in increasing the opportunities for girls and women in STEM education and as they pursue careers in STEM-underpinned organisations. We also need to ensure that the Academy’s structures reflect the diversity and inclusive practices that we want to promote in the Australian STEM workforce.
In promoting diversity and inclusion in STEM, our first priority will be to address the imbalance in gender in STEM. The Academy’s future diversity priorities include age, indigenous Australians and ethnicity in STEM.
The Academy’s Diversity and Inclusion Policy Principles
The Academy calls for enhanced technology innovation and productivity in the STEM industry sector driven by a culture of diversity, inclusiveness and social cohesion. The Academy has utilised a progression framework that recognises we have already embarked on gender equity actions. The key principles which underpin our approach to diversity and inclusion are:
a) Governance and leadership — The Board is responsible for leading policies and actions that reflect gender equity and diversity and promoting inclusion. Women should constitute 50 per cent membership of Board, Assembly, Division Committees and Forum leadership groups.”
b) Membership — The Academy will ensure a broader range of perspectives in its internal matters, policy development and strategic management by enhancing the numbers and participation of women. We will also provide broader perspectives through policies on age, ethnicity and indigenous reconciliation. Women should constitute 50 per cent of all new Fellows elected to the Academy by 2025.
c) Prizes, awards, meetings, events — In recognising excellence in STEM and in providing forums for technology awareness and public debate, Academy awards, meetings and events will reflect gender diversity and promote inclusion.
d) Education pipelines, training and accreditation — The Academy will support programs that promote diversity and inclusion across schools, university and industry.
e) Communications, marketing, outreach and engagement — The Academy will promote the achievement of women in STEM.
f) Employment — The Academy’s recruitment and selection processes at all levels will be appropriately structured so that a diverse range of candidates is actively considered.
g) Monitoring and measuring  — The Academy will be accountable for its performance on gender equity and diversity by publicly reporting on our performance statistics on a regular basis.
Authority and delegations
It is the responsibility of the Board of Directors, Vice President Diversity and the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) to ensure the implementation of this policy. Progress on the implementation of the strategic initiatives of this policy will be reported quarterly to the Board by the Diversity and Inclusion Committee. This Policy will be reviewed no later than every two years by the Diversity and Inclusion Committee.
Implementation
This policy will be implemented by the Diversity and Inclusion Action Plan 2020-2022.
[1] The Case for Gender Equality, The Global Gender Gap Index 2015, World Economic Forum
[2] Diversity and inclusion: The reality gap, 2017 Deloitte Global Human Capital Trends
MORE >> Read more our commitment to diversity and inclusion on our Programs and Awards page