https://www.pluristem.com/terms-of-use/
Company
About Pluristem
Products
PLX Products
Clinical Pipeline
Clinical Programs
Clinical Development Strategy
Muscle Regeneration
ARDS Due to COVID-19
Graft Versus Host Disease (GvHD)
Acute Radiation Syndrome (ARS)
Bone Marrow Failure (BMF)
Science & Technology
Mechanism of Action
3D Manufacturing Platform
Placenta
Intellectual Property
Additional Technologies
Preclinical Programs
scientific publications
Collaborations
Partnering strategy
Partners and collaboration
Investors & Media
News
From the Media
Events
Presentations
Financial Statements
SEC Filing
Covering Analysts
Corporate Governance
IR-Team
Pictures Gallery
HE
COVID-19
Terms of use
Home > Terms of use
Use of the Pluristem Web Site
General
Pluristem Ltd., on its behalf and on behalf of its related companies, including without limitations, its parent company, Pluristem Therapeutics, Inc. (collectively: “Pluristem”) maintains [https://www.pluristem.com/] (this “Website”) for informational purposes in favor of the Internet community. Access to and use of information presented on this Website is subject to the following terms and conditions which may be revised at any time by Pluristem and to the Privacy Notice located on this Website and incorporated hereto by reference.
The information contained in these pages is not intended to provide medical advice, recommendation or instruction on the appropriate use of Pluristem’s technology, nor that Pluristem technology is marketable nor fit for a particular purpose.  In addition, nothing herein shall be deemed as solicitation for purchasing any of Pluristem’s securities.
Please read carefully the following terms and conditions. The use of this Website is governed by these terms and conditions and our Privacy Policy, By using and accessing this Website, you agree to be bound by these terms of use including any amendments that may be made by Pluristem from time to time at its sole discretion. Pluristem encourages the users of this Website to periodically review these terms of use for any changes or amendments.
Forward-Looking Statements; SEC / TASE Filings
Pluristem Therapeutics Inc., is a public company, which securities are traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (TASE) and Nasdaq.  Statements on this Website regarding Pluristem’s business which are not historical facts are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and federal securities laws, that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements can be identified by, among other things, the use of forward-looking language, such as “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “future”, “intend”, “plan”, “potential”, and may describe opinions about future events. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of the management of Pluristem only, and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements: changes in technology and market requirements; we may encounter delays or obstacles in launching our clinical trials; our technology may not be validated as we progress further and our methods may not be accepted by the scientific community; we may be unable to retain or attract key employees whose knowledge is essential to the development of our products; unforeseen scientific difficulties may develop with our progress; our products may wind up being more expensive than we anticipate; results in the laboratory may not translate to equally good results in real surgical settings; our patents may not be sufficient; our products may harm recipients; changes in legislation; inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies, products and applications; loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition, which could cause the actual results or performance of Pluristem to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. For a more detailed description of the risks and uncertainties affecting Pluristem, reference is made to Pluristem’s reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Pluristem disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. No information or statement in this website is intended to solicit in any manner whatsoever any person to purchase or deal in any securities of Pluristem. Pluristem may provide links to its filings with the SEC for informational purposes only, and not for trading or investment purposes. Pluristem does not guarantee the sequence, accuracy or completeness of any information or data displayed through these links. Pluristem does not assume any duty of disclosure and expressly disclaims any duty to update information set forth in its filings with the SEC.  The stock price performance shown on stock quotes may be available on or through this Website is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. All content is for informational purposes only and no content is intended to be relied upon for trading or investment purposes. Nothing on this website constitutes an invitation or offer to invest or deal in the securities of Pluristem. In particular, actual results and developments may be substantially and materially different from any opinion or forecast expressed on this website.
Links to Third Party Websites
The Website may provide links to World Wide Web sites or resources. Because Pluristem has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that Pluristem is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any information, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Pluristem shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such information, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
Conduct
Within the course of your use of the Website you will strictly adhere with the following policies, such that, you must not:
Scan or use this Website via operation of a computer program designed to gather information or perform operations imitating a human user (including, without limitation, Bots or Crawlers);
Manipulate the architecture of this Website, or otherwise gain access to any of its engines and/or databases to which we did not provide you with an expressly permitted access (including, without limitation, URL Hacking);
Carry out any action which may infringe the copyrights and/or any other proprietary information of ours or any other copyright holder;
Copy, transmit, decompile, modify, create derivative works, reproduce, disassemble, republish, scrape, and/or reverse engineer (including any extraction of the work process) any algorithm, code, syntax and/or any other content associated with this Website and/or any components thereof and/or act to collect, harvest and/or data mine any data associated with the Website and/or any of its users (whether by computer programs, identity theft, impersonation, or otherwise) and/or take any action which may be deemed as impersonating another person or entity, identity theft, etc.;
Carry out any action which may infringe any laws, regulations, orders or any guidelines of any governmental authority, is likely to offend or harm any other users of this Website and/or the general public;
Steal or attempt to steal private information from other users of this Website;
Email us content which is or could be considered libelous, defamatory, indecent, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit or suggestive, racially or ethically offensive, harmful, harassing, intimidating, threatening, discriminatory, or abusive;
Carry out any action that violates these Terms, Privacy Notice and/or any other guidelines or policies as prescribed herein and/or as otherwise published by us from time to time.
Assist, encourage or enable others to do any of the preceding prohibited activities.
Intellectual Property Rights
You acknowledge that Pluristem owns all copyrights in the information, selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of this Website, which may contain information, software, photos, video, text, graphics, or other material posted or uploaded by Pluristem (collectively, the “Pluristem Content”), and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies existing now or here after developed. Pluristem has the full rights and authorization to use this Website’s name and logo. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sell, create derivative works, or in any way exploit, any of the Pluristem Content, in whole or in part. Modification of the Pluristem Content or use of any Pluristem Content on any other website, networked computer environment or elsewhere is strictly prohibited. The Pluristem Content is subject to copyright protection. You may not copy the contents of this Website other than for non-commercial individual reference with all copyright or other proprietary notices retained, and thereafter the contents may not be recopied, reproduced or otherwise redistributed. You may not distribute, modify, repost, copy, publish license or use the contents of this website, including information, photos, video, text, graphics or other material posted or upload by Pluristem for public or commercial purposes. Some of the tradenames or trademarks used in this Website are registered trademarks of Pluristem and/or its affiliates. The use or misuse of any of these trademarks or unregistered trademarks or any other materials, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited and may result, inter alia, in violation of copyright laws and trademark laws.
Subject to any applicable terms and conditions set forth in our Privacy Notice, any communication or other material that you send to us through the Internet or post on the Website by electronic mail or otherwise, such as any questions, comments, suggestions or the like, is and will be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information. Pluristem shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such communication for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products.
Disclaimers
THE INFORMATION AND/OR STATEMENTS PROVIDED ON THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ‘AS IS’ AND FOR NO COST AND YOU MAY USE IT AT YOUR SOLE RISK. PLURISTEM EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITATION, PLURISTEM MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THIS WEBSITE AND/OR THE INFORMATION PROVIDED THEREIN WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT IT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, THAT THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, OR THAT THE QUALITY OF ANY INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL OBTAINED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS DONE AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
Limitation of Liability
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT PLURISTEM INCLUDING ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, SUB-CONTRACTORS AND AGENTS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF PLURISTEM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THE USE OF OR THE INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE AND/OR INFORMATION PROVIDED THEREIN. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
WITHOUT DEROGATING FROM THE GENERAL NATURE OF THE FOREGOING, WE ASSUME NO LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY VIRUSES, WORMS AND/OR OTHER MALICIOUS SOFTWARE WHICH MAY INFECT THE USER’S MACHINE(S).
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Pluristem, its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, sub-contractors, affiliates, agents and anyone acting on their behalf, at your own expense and immediately after receiving a written notice from Pluristem, from and against any damages, loss, costs, expenses and payments, including reasonable attorney’s fees and legal expenses, resulting from any complaint, claim, or demand, arising from or related to your breach of these terms of use, or any other terms, rules or regulations applicable to this website, or your violation, or infringement of other persons rights.
Miscellaneous
Governing Law. These terms of use shall be governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel without giving effect to any conflicts of law principles. Any dispute in connection with these terms of use shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts situated in Tel Aviv, Israel.
Entire Agreement. These terms and conditions contain the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior and contemporaneous representations, promises, agreements and understandings, whether oral or written, between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof.
Severability. If any provision of these terms of use shall be deemed to be invalid, void, illegal or for any reason unenforceable, that term or condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms set forth herein. Subject to any applicable law, all disputes between you and us shall only be resolved on an individual basis and you shall not have the right to bring any claim against us as a plaintiff or a member of a class, consolidated or representative actions (or any other legal proceedings conducted by a group or by representatives on behalf of others).
Assignment. You may not assign any rights and/or obligations you may have under these terms and conditions and/or Privacy Notice without our prior written consent. We may freely assign any of its rights and/or obligations herein, without limitations; provided that, your rights herein shall not be adversely affected.
Change of Control. It is clarified that in the event of a merger, change of control and/or any similar transaction involving Pluristem, Pluristem may transfer and export all information it may have gained through the course of the use of the Website, and your use of this Website constitutes as consent for the foregoing; provided however, that any such transfer shall be subject to applicable data privacy requirements and standards.
Amendment. Pluristem reserves the right to amend or revise any of these terms of use. Any such change or amendment shall be updated on this Website.
The content, text, graphics, data, and services offered herein are provided solely to educate users of this Website on Pluristem and the goods and/or services it may provide.  Nothing in said content should be considered, or used as a substitute for, medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.  Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition.  Reliance on said content or any portion thereof, or other visitors to the web site, is solely at your own risk.
If you have cause to believe any content found on the Platform to be in violation of these terms and conditions and/or infringe any third party proprietary rights and/or applicable law, kindly notify us of such content via email to info@pluristem.com,  stating the violating content and the nature of violation.
Physical address:  Matam Park, Building 05, Haifa, 3508409, Israel
This website stores cookies on your computer, and employs other similar means to automatically collect data. These means are used to improve your website experience and to enable us to better administer the website and its content.Cookie settingsI AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Pluristem Cookie Policy [Last updated: April, 2020]
This Cookie Policy describes how [Pluristem] uses cookies via its website (https://pluristem.com), and any web-pages included thereto (collectively: the “Website”) and is designated to be read concurrently with our Privacy Notice.
While you may visit our Website without telling us who you are or revealing any Personal Data, please note that our server logs capture information regarding your operating system, browser type, IP (Internet Protocol), URL clickstream through, and from our Website, including date and time. We use this information for internal purposes such as to administer the Website, as further prescribed under our Privacy Notice. Please see below additional details regarding the means we use, and their functionality.
Cookies, pixels and clear codes.
1.1                    Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites, often used to keep record of actions taken on such website or track related browsing activity.
1.2                    Pixels and clear-codes are codes which trigger the use of cookies by us or third parties on our Website.
1.3                    You can also learn more about all the cookies, pixels and beacons we use below.
For information about cookies please click here:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/faqs/cookie-file.html
Additional means.
2.1                    When you visit our Website, we or our analytics providers may send one or more cookies (a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters) to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Website. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Website (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on the Website), and allow us to track your usage of the Website over time. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Website. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser's directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser.
2.2                    Also, when you browse the Website, we or our analytics providers may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our users. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information is allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Website.
If the settings on your software that you are using to view the Website (i.e., your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of the Website, to mean that you accept having us place cookies on your device.  Please note that if you decide to block any cookies (particularly essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of the Website, and Website may not work as you would expect.
More about the type of cookies used on the Website.
3.1                    Function and Performance Cookies.
3.1.1                  We may have arrangements with some of our third party vendors who provide service to our Website, or which services or products we utilize or implement on our Website. We use Cookies and other similar means to accomplish this.
3.1.2                  Please note that disabling these cookies may disrupt the functionality of the Website, and thus any blocking you impose on our use of these means may prevent you from utilizing the Website.
3.2                    Analytics and Statistics Cookies.
3.2.1                  We use cookies to compile visitor statistics, such as how many people have visited our Website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when the Website is not working properly), how long they spend on the Website and other third party, what page they look, scrolling activities and other factors. This helps us to continuously improve the Website. These so called analytics programs also tell us if , on an anonymous basis, how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether they have been here before helping us to put more money into developing our services for you instead of marketing spend.
3.2.2                  From time to time we may use analytical service providers to perform these analytic functions.  For example, we use analytical service providers in order to help us to understand how our visitors arrive at the Website, browse or use the Website and highlight areas that we can improve.
Turning Cookies Off
We do not respond to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals. However, some third party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such sites, your browser may allow you to set the DNT signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked.
You may elect to opt-out from enabling cookies: in the browser’s settings tools, usually by choosing between several options offered by the browser (some browsers (such as, Google Chrome®) allow blocking Cookies from a specific website, and respectively you may choose to block applicable Cookies).
Consent
You understand that we may place cookies on your computer, including analytical cookies, in accordance with the terms of this Cookies Policy, for such purposes described under our Privacy Notice.
We may change this Cookie Policy from time to time. Please take a look at the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page to see when this Cookie Policy was last revised.
Any changes to this Cookie Policy will become effective when we post the revised Cookie Policy on the Website. Your use of the Website following these changes means that you accept the revised Cookie Policy.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.