http://www.manomet.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Manomet takes your privacy very seriously. This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Manomet, Inc. This privacy notice applies to all information received, both online and offline, on any Platform (“Platform”, includes website and mobile applications), as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications. To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation.
It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable personal or donor information is collected from you and how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your personal or donor data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your personal or donor information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in your personal or donor information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contacts from you. We will not trade, share, sell or rent a donor’s personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
How Manomet Uses Your Information
Manomet may use your information:
To process and respond to inquiries and for the purposes for which you provided the information, such as to process donations, register or renew you as a member, purchase merchandise, or receive information about a project.
To personalize the content and improve the navigability of the Website.
To alert you to news, project updates, site features, special events, and activities.
To conduct surveys to measure your satisfaction with membership, publications or other activity.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number is given on our website:
See what personal or donor data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any personal or donor data we have about you.
Have us delete any personal or donor data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your personal or donor data.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that are stored on your computer and are used for record-keeping purposes and to help you personalize your online experience. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Manomet Initiatives pages, or register with the Manomet site, a cookie helps Manomet to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Manomet web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Manomet site features that you customized. Manomet also uses cookies to gather statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of the site for our visitors.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Manomet site or websites you visit.
Children
This Website is not directed toward children under 13 years of age nor does Manomet knowingly collect information from children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit any personally identifiable information to Manomet.
Security
We take precautions to protect your personal or donor information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive personal or donor information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive personal or donor information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, membership or business office) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Manomet attempts to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your personal information. Our servers are protected by reasonable physical and electronic security.
Contacts
If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us online to send us an email or call 508-224-6521.
By visiting www.manomet.org, you are accepting the policies described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you are not permitted to use this website. Manomet may revise this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back periodically. Your continued use of this website after changes have been posted will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
Become a Member
Join Manomet today and enjoy our exclusive membership benefits.
Join Today