https://www.savethemanatee.org/how-to-help/adopt-a-manatee/
Adopt-A-Manatee®
HomeHow to HelpAdopt-A-Manatee®
Adopt a real manatee or renew your membership. Funds from the Club’s Adopt-A-Manatee program go toward efforts to help protect manatees and their habitat. Unlike other animal adoption programs, the manatees in our adoption programs are real, living manatees with known histories. To see the manatees in the adoption program, click the blue “Adopt or Renew Online” box below.
Learn more about the Adopt-A-Manatee® program!
Adopt-A-Manatee® for $25 and Get:
An adoption certificate with full-color photo and a biography of a real Florida manatee.
A membership handbook.
The Manatee Zone, our official Club newsletter, featuring updates on the adopted manatees.
Paddle Tales, our eNewsletter (when an email address is provided).
Free shipping for U.S. adoption orders.
A free Membership Gift is included with memberships at the Friend Level or above.
Adopt-A-Manatee® for $25 or more and get this 2021 wall calendar filled with beautiful manatee photos.
Adopt-A-Manatee® and Get A Free 2021 Calendar
Adopt-A-Manatee and support manatee conservation efforts. For a limited time, you can receive a free 40th Anniversary Edition manatee wall calendar when you Adopt-A-Manatee at the $25 membership level or above. Order by December 10th to ensure holiday delivery.
Get more info
Join or Renew - It's Easy!
Adopt or Renew Online
Use the navigation below to view manatees available in each region. No matter which manatee you choose to adopt, adopting one helps them all.
Alabama | Blue Spring State Park | East Coast
Homosassa Springs State Park | West Coast | In Memoriam
Blue Spring State Park:
Annie
Annie was rescued as an orphaned calf and was released in 2008. She is not shy and is quite popular with park visitors. Annie has been known to visit Blue Spring State Park in the winter.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Aqua
Aqua was first sighted at Blue Spring in December 2011 and has been a regular winter visitor since that time. She is identified by the scars on her left shoulder and has had two known calves.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Brutus
Brutus is one of Blue Spring’s largest manatees. He weighs in at almost 1,900 pounds and has been a regular winter visitor since 1970.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Deep Dent
Deep Dent is a medium-sized male who first showed up at Blue Spring State Park in 1979. He has a deep, “dent-like,” propeller wound on his tail.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Doc
Doc has returned to Blue Spring State Park nearly every winter since 1976. He is an adult male, nearly 10 feet in length. Doc is one of the few manatees frequently spotted in the spring in the summer.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Elaine
Elaine became Blue Spring State Park’s third female to calve at the age of five, during the 1990-1991 season. She has been known to get into her fair share of mischief!
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Flash
Flash is a large male manatee first identified in 1977 at Blue Spring State Park. He is shy of human contact and will take off in a “flash” when disturbed.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Floyd
Floyd was born in the summer of 1978. He is easily identified by the park’s rangers because of an old injury that left him with only half a tail.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Gator
Gator was first identified in 2011 at Blue Spring State Park. He has been spotted on the webcam chasing and playing with an alligator at the park. That’s how he got his name!
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Howie
Howie is a sleek, large (1,350-pound) male, known to winter at Blue Spring State Park since 1971. One of Howie’s favorite activities is to tip the research canoe — complete with researchers in it!
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Lenny
Lenny was born to Luna in 1978 and continues to winter at Blue Spring State Park each year. Lenny is the resident “couch potato” manatee, preferring rest to all other activities.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Lily
Lily is one of the few adult females to regularly winter at the Blue Spring State Park. She has returned each year since 1974 and has at least ten calves.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Lucille
Lucille was born in 1980. Lucille had her first calf at an early age and, in 1993, she became a grandmother. Lucille regularly winters at Blue Spring State Park.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Margarito
Margarito is the son of Lily, another Blue Spring manatee. She brought him to Blue Spring State Park on November 24, 1984, and he has returned every winter since that time. He can be identified by a number of scars from boat hits and a missing flipper.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Merlin
Merlin has been noted at Blue Spring State Park since 1970, when attendance records first began. His nickname is “Tail-End Charlie” as he often arrives late each year. An adult male, Merlin is over 10 feet in length.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Moo Shoo
Moo Shoo is a female manatee first identified in 2010, Moo Shoo loves to nudge the research canoe. She has had two calves.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Nick
Nick is a small adult male who was first identified in 1977 at Blue Spring State Park . His movements have been tracked by radio telemetry, producing information on behavior such as going north, rather than south, in midwinter — hence his nickname, “Crazy Nick”.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Paddy Doyle
Paddy Doyle was named by researchers after the famous “fighting Irishman.” He bears the distinction of being one of the feistiest manatees in the Blue Spring State Park area.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Philip
Philip was born in the summer of 1982. As a youngster, Philip was one of the most playful manatees at Blue Spring State Park. He also seems to love canoes and follows the research canoe everywhere!
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Phyllis
Phyllis is thought to have been born in 1985. In 1991, Phyllis gave birth to twins — a rare event for manatees. She is now the mother of several calves and a regular winter visitor to Blue Spring State Park.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Robin
Robin is a young male, born to Wonder Woman in April of 1980. Robin winters at Blue Spring State Park and is one of the few manatees who has a recorded birth date because his mother was being monitored by researchers when he was born.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Rocket
Rocket is a male manatee, rescued as a tiny orphan in 2006. He was released with Annie at Blue Spring State Park, and they stayed together for over a year.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Una
Una was rescued as an orphan in 2003. She was released and gave birth to several calves. Unfortunately, Una was rescued again because of fishing line entanglement on both flippers. Following treatment, she is once again doing well in the wild.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Whiskers
Whiskers is a male manatee who frequents Blue Spring State Park in the winter. He is the son of Dana, a former Blue Spring adoptee. She introduced him to Blue Spring in 1996, and he has been visiting the park ever since that time.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Return to the top of the list
Homosassa Springs Wildlife State Park:
Ariel
Ariel was just two weeks old when she was rescued with her mom Amanda. She lives at the Ellie Schiller Homosassa Springs Wildlife State Park. She is a regular at the manatee education programs, lifting her head out of the water to “smile” at the visitors.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Betsy
Betsy was named after Betsy Dearth, who was a ranger at the Ellie Schiller Homosassa Springs Wildlife State Park. Betsy the manatee is very friendly and curious and is quick to investigate anything new. Ranger Dearth called her, “the inspector.”
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Return to the top of the list
Tampa Bay:
Elsie
Elsie is easily identified because her tail is badly mutilated from an encounter with a boat propeller. She has been seen in the Tampa Bay area and has had at least two calves. Once, Elsie was documented traveling a distance of about 111 miles in about 23 days.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Flicker
Flicker is an adult female first documented in 1983 in Ft. Myers. She is named Flicker because she has a series of small propeller scars that reminded researchers of flickering flames. Flicker has been seen at Tampa Electric’s Big Bend power plant in Apollo Beach each winter.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Ginger
Ginger frequents the west coast of Florida, south of Tampa Bay. She is known to winter at the FPL plant in Tice, Florida, and she has been seen every summer since 1994 in the Marco Island area. Ginger has two known calves. One of them is named Ale!
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Jemp
Jemp was rescued in 1995, after being exposed to red tide. He spent some time in rehabilitation and was released later that year. Jemp is known to frequent the Sarasota and Lemon Bay areas, but he also travels in a wide range along Florida’s west coast.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Vector
Vector is a traveling man(atee) and has been known to frequent the Tampa Bay area and along Florida’s west coast. He has been tracked in Florida as far north as the Suwannee River and as far south as the Peace River.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Return to the top of the list
East Coast:
Chessie
Chessie was first sighted in the Chesapeake Bay in Maryland in July of 1994. This rare manatee sighting created quite a stir. By October of that year, after it was determined that he was not going to head south on his own, Chessie was rescued and flown back to Florida so he wouldn’t die from cold stress. Chessie has been known to travel along the east coast of Florida and the southeastern coast of the U.S.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Illusion
Illusion was rescued in March 2010 after a terrible boat strike. After being released, she is often seen at the FPL Riviera Beach power plant in the winter and along the east coast of south Florida.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Millie
First identified in 1980, Millie is one of the largest manatees ever recorded. She is a traveler with a long sighting history along Florida’s southeast coast. Millie has had several calves and is also a grandmother!
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Return to the top of the list
Alabama:
Bama
Bama made history in September 2009 when she became the first manatee ever captured and tagged in Alabama waters by Dauphin Island Sea Lab’s Manatee Sighting Network. Now a local attraction in Mobile Bay in the spring and summer, Bama has migrated from Alabama to Crystal River, Florida each winter.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Return to the top of the list
In Memoriam Adoptions:
The manatees on this list have passed away, however adoptions are still available in their memory.
Georgia
Georgia was a favorite Blue Spring State Park manatee who passed away in 2015. She was a wonderful and caring mother for her own calves and also for orphans in need of care.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Ilya
Known to researchers for 15 years before he decided to travel outside Florida, in the summer of 2009, he went all the way to Cape Cod, Massachusetts before being rescued from chilly waters near New Jersey in October 2009. Ilya passed away in July 2018 after he sustained fatal injuries from a watercraft collision in the Florida Keys.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Lorelei
Lorelei was born in 1975. She was the first manatee born and raised in captivity in Florida and was mother to three calves. Lorelei passed away peacefully on April 23, 2018.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Rosie
Rosie was a favorite manatee who lived at the Ellie Schiller Homosassa Springs Wildlife State Park and passed away in 2015. Rosie was known for being gentle, kind, and maternal. Affectionately called “the matriarch” by the park staff, she served as a surrogate mother to many orphaned or injured manatees who recuperated at the park.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Electra
Electra was rescued in 1998 after suffering trauma from a boat strike and entanglement in a crab trap. She was the smallest manatee living at the Ellie Schiller Homosassa Springs Wildlife State Park, but in spite of her size, park staff said that Electra was spunky and liked to follow her own path.
Adopt for Myself Adopt for Someone Else Educator Adoption
Return to the top of the list
Adopt or Renew By Phone
Call toll-free within the U.S. 1-800-432-JOIN (5646) or call 407-539-0990 outside the U.S. Our office is open on weekdays from 8:30AM to 4:30PM Eastern Time Zone (US).
Adopt or Renew by Mail or Fax
To join our Adopt-A-Manatee program or renew your current adoption, please click on the application link, print the form, and send to the address below with a check, money order, or credit card information.
Adopt-A-Manatee Application and List of Manatees Available for Adoption
View our Membership Appreciation Gifts
Mail To:
Save the Manatee Club
500 N. Maitland Ave., Suite 210
Maitland, FL 32751
USA
Fax: Fax the order to 407-539-0871
Get More Info:
About the Program
Above, Wayne Hartley, Save the Manatee Club’s Manatee Specialist, takes manatee “roll call” in the morning at Blue Spring State Park. Wayne has over 30 years of experience as a manatee researcher.
Blue Spring State Park:
Manatees who regularly winter at Blue Spring State Park near Orange City, Florida, have been chosen as adoptees for one of Save the Manatee Club’s five Adopt-A-Manatee® programs. Blue Spring’s natural spring maintains a year-round temperature of 72 degrees and is an attractive winter refuge for manatees who seek the spring waters when the surrounding river water temperatures become cold.
Rescued as a calf with her mother, Ariel is curious and social. She lives at the Ellie Schiller Homosassa Springs Wildlife State Park.
Homosassa Springs Wildlife State Park:
Another Club adoption program is at the Ellie Schiller Homosassa Springs Wildlife State Park in Homosassa, Florida.  The park is a rehabilitation facility for manatees who are recovering from injuries before being released back into the wild. Manatees who cannot be released into the wild because of injuries or other life-threatening reasons currently call the park their home.
Flicker was named because she has a series of small propeller scars that reminded researchers of flickering flames. She has wintered at the Tampa Electric’s power plant.
Tampa Bay:
Manatees frequently seen in the Tampa Bay area and along the west coast of Florida are also up for adoption.  These manatees have a known history because they have been followed over the years by researchers from the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission. Several of these manatees winter at the warm water discharge area of Tampa Electric Company’s (TECO) Big Bend Power Station.
Chessie the manatee is spotted in the Chesapeake Bay in Calvert County, Maryland on July 12, 2011. If you look closely, you can see the long, gray scar on his left side that helps to identify him.
East Coast:
In the summer, when water temperatures are warmer, manatees travel freely around Florida’s rivers and coastal waters. Some manatees travel outside of Florida, and one manatee gained fame when he was documented as having traveled to the northeastern part of the United States. His name is Chessie, and his movements are followed by the U.S. Geological Survey’s Sirenia Project, an agency that tracks manatees along the U.S. East Coast.
Bama made history in 2009 when she became the first manatee ever captured and tagged in Alabama waters.
Alabama:
Summer sightings of manatees in Alabama, Georgia, and South Carolina are relatively common. The most recent addition to Save the Manatee Club’s adoption program is named Bama, who has been sighted in Alabama waterways each year since 2009. Bama is being tracked by Dauphin Island Sea Lab’s Manatee Sighting Network in Alabama.
Membership Fees and Benefits
Adopt-A-Manatee Membership Materials
Annual Membership Levels
Associate ($25)
Friend ($35)
Sponsor ($55)
Guardian ($100)
Steward ($500 and up)
All levels of membership receive
An adoption certificate, photo, and biography of “your” manatee.
A 28-page membership handbook with information on manatees.
The Manatee Zone, Save the Manatee Club’s newsletter, which is sent four times a year. The newsletter features updates on manatees in the adoption program from manatee researchers.
Paddle Tales, our bi-monthly eNewsletter, which includes current manatee news, great photos and video, manatee features, activities, and special offers and events. And, we’ll answer your questions about manatees.
Your Membership Gift free with memberships at the Friend Level or above.
Note: All amounts in U.S. dollars. An additional $10 will be added to adoptions mailed to all countries outside the United States.
Discounted Rate for School Classes and Groups
Membership Packet for School Classes and Groups
For a $20 annual membership, you will receive
An adoption certificate, photo, and biography of “your” manatee.
A 38-page educator’s guide.
A four-color “Sirenians of the World” poster.
An 8-page coloring and activity book (for elementary educators).
The Manatee Zone newsletter.
Paddle Tales, the monthly eNewsletter.
Note: All amounts in U.S. dollars. An additional $10 will be added to adoptions mailed to all countries outside the United States.
How Funds Are Used
Your Support Will
Fund manatee rescue, rehabilitation, and research efforts in the U.S. and the Wider Caribbean
Support manatee education and public awareness projects
Protect manatees and their habitat through advocacy and legal action
You can also become a grass roots activist for manatees and join volunteer efforts to help protect them!
Get more information on our activities and programs.
Questions?
Send us an email at membership@savethemanatee.org or call us toll free at 1-800-432-JOIN (5646).
About Us
Our Vision and Mission
Staff
Contact Us
Jobs and Internships
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
How to Help
Report An Injury
Adopt-A-Manatee®
Renew Membership
Donate
Shop
Take Action!
Guardian Guides
Get Resources
Free Materials
For Boaters
For Swimmers & Divers
Volunteer
More Ways to Help
Manatees
Facts
Webcams
Viewing
FAQ
Reproduction
Sounds
Mortality
Population
Migration
Rescue and Rehab
Sirenians Of The World
Climate Change
Tracking
Education Materials
News
Press Releases
Opinion Editorials
Features
In the News
Press Resources/PSAs
Press Contact
Manatee Photos
Upcoming Events
Stay Informed
Keep in touch to receive the latest news from Save the Manatee Club!