https://www.opgen.com/privacy/
Acuitas Lighthouse®
Overview
AMR Prediction
Surveillance
Patients at Risk
Hospitals & Health Networks
Pharma and CROs
Acuitas Publications
Acuitas ® Tests
Overview
AMR Gene Panel
Whole Genome Sequencing
Acuitas SDS
Acuitas Publications
FISH Products
Overview
QuickFISH® Products
Staphylococcus QuickFISH®
Enterococcus QuickFISH®
Gram-Negative QuickFISH®
Candida QuickFISH®
PNA FISH® Products
S. aureus/CNS PNA FISH®
E. faecalis/OE PNA FISH®
Gram-Negative PNA FISH®
Candida PNA FISH®
Accessories
AdvanDx Package Inserts
AdvanDx SDS
AdvanDx Publications
Distributors
UNYVERO
ARESdb
About
Overview
Antibiotic Stewardship
Management Team
Board of Directors
Clinical Advisory Board
Careers
Investors
Stock Information
News & Events
SEC Filings
Investor FAQ
Corporate Governance
Financial Information
Shareholder Services
Contact Us
News
Press Releases
OpGen In The News
Publications
Webinars
Videos
Acuitas Lighthouse Login
Publications
OpGen respects the privacy of users of this site. To better protect your privacy, we are providing this Policy to explain our on-line information practices and the way that we may collect and use information obtained from you. OpGen may update this Policy without notice to you.
Privacy Policy Coverage
This policy covers how OpGen handles personal data, including information related to your use of our site. Personal information includes information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, project information, and that is not normally available publicly. This policy does not apply to companies that OpGen does not own or control.
Information We Collect
In general, some information is collected automatically like your IP address, country, and the pages you request. This information is not attached to your name or any other personal information. This data is only collected to analyze our site’s usage in order to improve navigation and offer more popular content.
We only collect personal information when you request information, or a quotation using our online request form, or email us for any other reason.
When you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information, OpGen will act in a responsible manner. OpGen will maintain your personally identifiable information in secure on-line and off-line facilities. OpGen may store and disclose personally identifiable information as allowed or required by applicable law. We may make disclosures that are necessary or advisable to protect the rights, safety or property of OpGen or others, to conform to legal or regulatory requirements or to investigate or prevent violations of our Terms and Conditions. Except as set forth above, OpGen will not disclose, sell, lease or rent your personally identifiable information.
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer want OpGen to maintain your information, this can be accomplished by sending us an e-mail to info@opgen.com or by sending your request to:
Webmaster
OpGen Inc.
708 Quince Orchard Road
Gaithersburg, Maryland 20878
OpGen will send a confirming e-mail to your last known e-mail address of the changes or deletion of your personally identifiable information.
Cookies and Log Files
A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive that may contain information about you. OpGen may use cookies on this Site to provide better navigation for you on this Site. Additionally, you may still use this Site even if you reject the cookie. Cookies, however, may be used by some of the Web sites to which we link. Therefore, please review the Links section of this Policy below. In addition, we may use your Internet Protocol (IP) address to analyze trends, administer this Site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order to improve this Site. We will not link any IP addresses that we may collect to any personally identifiable information. We may use multiple third parties to monitor traffic, statistics, advertisement click-through and other activities on this Site. Such third parties may use cookies, log files, beacons and other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous aggregate statistics on this Site’s visitors.
Links
On this Site, you may have the opportunity to follow a link from or to other web sites maintained by third parties. Because these other Web sites may not be hosted or controlled by OpGen, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those Web sites. The privacy policies of other Web sites may differ from OpGen, and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of the Web sites to which we may link. This Policy only applies to information collected and maintained by OpGen, its subsidiaries and affiliates.
Your Consent
By using the OpGen web site, you are consenting to our collection and use of both automatically and voluntarily collected information. If we change or update our policy, you will find the changes here.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy or our Site, please contact us at info@opgen.com or call 888.856.2748.
UNYVERO
The Unyvero System and Unyvero Panels deliver rapid molecular multiplex diagnostic solutions for severe infections in hospitalized patients, empowering healthcare providers and all members of the patient care team to make better diagnostic and treatment decisions.
USA GLOBAL
×