http://www.owling.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentPrivacy PolicyHome » Privacy Policy Privacy PolicyO4B Writer2017-06-14T01:20:30+00:00Privacy Policy: We collect no personal information about you. Information automatically collected and stored (see below) about visitors browsing behavior while on our Web site is saved. Unless you choose to provide additional information, such as an email, for us to contact you to help you with further information we only save general browsing behaviors to improve the site. WE NEVER SELL OR DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES.Information Automatically Collected and Stored:When you browse through any Web site, certain personal information about you can be collected. We automatically collect and temporarily store the following information about your visit:the name of the domain you use to access the Internet (for example, cs.com, if you are using a CompuServe account, or name-of-business.com, if you are connecting from a commercial business domain);the date and time of your visit;the pages you visited; andthe address of the Web site you came from when you came to visit.We use this information for statistical purposes and to help us make our Web site more useful to visitors. Unless it is specifically stated otherwise, no additional information will be collected about you.Personally Provided Information:You do not have to give us personal information to visit our Web site.If during your visit to our Web site you provide Owling.com with personal information, such as your name, title, organization, address, fax number, email address or telephone number, we may collect and use that personal information to provide you with help or information that you request, or to communicate with you for other purposes. We do not sell or disclose this information to third parties unless you have asked us to (Ex. Please have “Dan” contact me).Disclosure:In no event do we sell any of the information collected or stored about you.Our Web sites may contain links to Web sites not affiliated with Owling.com. Owling.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of other Web sites.Intrusion Detection:For Web site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, we may employ software programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations, and pursuant to any required legal process, information from these sources may be used to help identify an individual.