http://www.igem.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Cookie Settings
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer, to improve your experience. One of the cookies this site uses is essential for parts of the site to operate and has already been set. You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site will not work. To find out more about the cookies this site uses and how to delete them, please see the Cookie page
I accept cookies from this site.
Search our Site
Keywords
close
Log out
Show Mobile Menu
Search
My IGEM Login
Basket
Contact us
Home
About Us
Who we are
Our history
Governance
Annual Report & Accounts
Awards and medals
Funds
Meetpoint Midlands
Membership
Who can join?
Why join?
Which grade?
Apply now
Membership workshops
FAQs for membership
Professional registration
Directories
IGEM Sections
Professional Development
What is professional development?
What counts as CPD?
Assessing professional development
Professional registration
Get into Gas
Recording CPD
Scholarships and Grants
Events & Courses
Sponsorship and exhibition opportunities
Technical services
Technical gas standards
Accessing our standards
How our standards are produced
Recently published standards
Standards under review
Comment on draft standards
Technical standards enquiries
Other technical publications
Gas Quality Working Group
Large Business Forum
Low Pressure Supply Working Group
RIDDOR Working Group
Recognition of training
IGEM House library
News & Publications
Gas International
Historic Gas Times
E-newsletters
IGEMtv
Policy & Research
Upcoming Publications & Events
Policy responses
Industry consultations
Research library
Get Involved
Ways to volunteer
Why volunteer?
Collaborative working
Industry consultations
Gas International
Working for us
Close
Home >
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
The Institution of Gas Engineers & Managers (“IGEM”) takes your privacy very seriously and we are committed to safeguarding and respecting your personal information. This policy sets out how we protect, manage and process any personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us via this website (“Website”) or which we collect elsewhere as set out in this Privacy Policy. Please take a few minutes to read it. By being an IGEM member, customer, Website user, current or prospective employee you are taken to have read, understood and consented to this policy. About IGEM IGEM is a chartered professional membership body and provider of products and services relating to skills, knowledge, professional competence and good practice for the gas industry and wider public benefit. We are a registered charity no. 214011 and our VAT number is GB 674 7728 85. For the purposes of any personal data you share with us, the Data Controller will be IGEM. We will take reasonable care to keep your information secure and to prevent any unauthorised access or use of it. We process all information in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 (“Act”), and the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR”).
As required by data protection law, IGEM is registered with the Information Commissioner. IGEM’s registration number is Z887356X. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and the change will take effect once the revised Privacy Policy is available on this Website. It was last updated on 25th June 2018. IGEM’s Terms and Conditions are available separately. What is personal information? When we talk about personal information we mean information about an individual that can identify them, like their name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and financial details. It can relate to members, customers, employees, strategic partners, volunteers, business contacts and suppliers. Any reference to “information” or “data” in this policy is a reference to personal information about a living individual. What information do we hold? We may collect and process the following personal information about you:
Type of data
Description
Examples of how we use it
Contact
Name Address Phone number Fax number E-mail
Servicing your
membership
Servicing your
other products or services
Marketing
Managing previous, current
or prospective IGEM employment
Managing volunteers
Managing suppliers
Personal details
Age Gender Employment
details Employment
experience and career history Education and
training details CPD records Membership grade Membership number Referees to
obtain references Disability information Nominated emergency
contact National
Insurance Number
Assessing your
membership application
Servicing your
membership
Enhancing our
product and service offering
Servicing your
other products or services
Marketing
Analysis and
profiling
Managing previous, current
or prospective IGEM employment
Managing volunteers
To make reasonable
adjustments under the Equality Act 2010
Transactional
Bank and/or card
details Product
cost/service charge
Servicing your
membership
Servicing your
other products or services
Administering payroll
for IGEM employees
Managing volunteers
Managing suppliers
Documentary data and national
identifiers
Details about you
that are stored in documents like: Your CV Passport Proof of identity Proof of
qualifications Gas Safe ID card Marriage
certificate Qualification
certificate including transcript Examination
results Membership
application form Membership
assessment records
Assessing your
membership application
Prevention and
detection of fraud
Managing previous, current
or prospective IGEM employment
Managing volunteers
Open data and public records
Gas Safe License
Number Gas Safe
Registration Number Companies House Other information
about you that has been published in the media or online
Assessing your membership
application
Prevention and
detection of fraud
Managing previous, current
or prospective IGEM employment
Managing volunteers
Managing suppliers
Consent and preferences
Ways you want us
to market to you
Marketing
Where do we get your information from?
·Information you give us directly (when you fill in an application form; book on to an event, training course or conference; purchase a Technical Standard or online Technical Standard Licence; complete an online enquiry form; contact us by phone or by email etc.) ·Information we collect about you or receive from other sources whereby you have consented to them sharing it.
How do we use your information? Your personal data is held and processed by IGEM in accordance with legal bases set out in data protection law. If you are a member, employee, supplier or customer of IGEM’s products or services such as events, training, conferences and publications, your data may be lawfully processed by IGEM on the basis of contract. IGEM also has a legitimate interest in keeping its members informed, in a proportionate way, of our activities or about similar products or services. Also, where you have given us express consent, by providing us with your mailing preferences, you may also lawfully receive other communications about our products and services.
We use personal information that we hold about you:
·To process and assess membership applications - processing of personal data (completed application form, details of previous experience, qualifications, verifiers etc. as stipulated by IGEM) in order to assess your application. This may include the processing of your personal information by third party experts / approved IGEM Assessors; ·To administer your ongoing membership and any professional registrations you hold through IGEM, under license, including membership renewals or matters relating to professional conduct; ·To conduct service administration e.g. issue password reminders , or to notify you that a particular IGEM service, activity or content has been changed, suspended for maintenance, or is otherwise not able to be used or consumed as expected; ·To provide you with critically important information about your membership, service or product you have purchased from IGEM or about the Institution; ·To provide you with benefits and services which are included as part of your membership such as receiving our journal Gi and e-newsletters or sourcing an approved IGEM Mentor for you; ·To provide you with other products or services that you have requested from IGEM - for example: Technical Standards Licence, training, event booking administration including attendee registers (your name and job title may be shared with delegates booked on to the same event as you and delegate lists may be administered by your local Section), venue booking administration, Gi journal subscriptions, e-newsletters, Historic Gas Times magazine, merchandise orders; ·To manage volunteer roles and activities and to conduct associated service administration e.g. administer volunteer expenses ·To manage previous, current or prospective IGEM employment
To carry out our
obligations arising from any other contracts or agreements entered into
between you and IGEM; To carry out market
research, statistical analysis and customer profiling to help us improve
our processes, products and services.
Employees of IGEM If you are a previous, current or prospective employee of IGEM we may lawfully process your personal data on the basis of contract as set out in individual terms of employment. We will keep and use it to manage our relationship with you effectively, lawfully and appropriately, during the recruitment process, while you are working for us, at the time when your employment ends and after you have left. Much of the information we hold will have been provided by you, but some may come from other internal sources, such as your manager, or in some cases external sources, such as referees. Where necessary, we may keep information relating to your health, which could include reasons for absence. This information is used in order to comply with our health and safety obligations and to administer and manage IGEM and statutory sick pay, maternity pay, etc. IGEM will only disclose information about you to third parties if we are required by law to do so or in order to comply with our contractual duties to you, for instance we may need to pass on certain information to our external payroll provider and pension provider (see ‘Data sharing’ below). We may also store information provided by people who express an interest in working for us, whether via a formal application or expressed informally.We will use your personal data to process your application and to assess your suitability for the role you have applied for. Information will also be generated throughout the assessment process, for example interview notes. You may also be asked to provide equal opportunities information. This is not mandatory information and if you do not provide it, it will not affect your application. Any information you do provide will only be used to produce and monitor equal opportunities statistics or to ensure accessibility.
How do we use your personal information for marketing purposes? We will use your personal data for marketing purposes to provide you with information about any of our products or services or offers we think will be of interest to you; or to share with you any other content relevant to your membership. We will contact you by phone, email or post depending on your preferences. If your IGEM membership subscription has lapsed or expired, we may contact you to invite you to re-subscribe to the same or different membership grade. From time to time we will run surveys, prize draws and promotions and we will use the personal information you provide to us to run such activities. You can opt out of marketing communications at any time by following the instructions in the email or by contacting communicatons@igem.org.uk. Website IGEM collects information about users of the Website for the following reasons:
·To help IGEM improve the Website and the services IGEM offers; and ·To obtain aggregate statistics to help IGEM achieve its constitutional purposes.
IP Addresses and Cookies IGEM may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type and for system administration. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual. For the same reason, IGEM may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help IGEM to improve this site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable IGEM:
·To estimate audience size and usage patterns; ·To store preferences information to allow for Website customising; and ·To recognise members’ log in details for return visits to the Website.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, the Website will issue cookies when you log on to it. For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Data Security Your data may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. IGEM will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where IGEM has given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. IGEM request that you do not share a password with anyone. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although IGEM will do its best to protect your personal data, it cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once IGEM has received your information, it will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. Third party websites The Website contains links to other websites. These websites are not operated by IGEM and are outside the control of IGEM. IGEM accepts no responsibility whatsoever for these websites or their contents. In particular, if you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that IGEM does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. Copyright and use of material Unless stated otherwise, copyright and other intellectual property rights in the contents ("Contents") of this Website are owned by, or licensed to, IGEM. You may only print (or download to disk) the Contents for the purpose of private and personal non-commercial use, and may not otherwise copy, reproduce, distribute, republish, download, display, post or transmit, in any form whatsoever, or by any means, the contents without the express permission of IGEM. The Contents are for general information only. The contents are not intended to address specific requirements or form specific advice. IGEM gives no warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or fitness for purpose of the Contents or for keeping the Contents up-to-date and accepts no liability resulting from your use of the Contents. Exclusion of liability IGEM does not accept liability of any description, including liability for negligence (except for personal injury or death), or any damages or losses (including, but not limited to, indirect or consequential loss, or loss of business, revenue, profits, use or opportunity) howsoever arising from your use (or inability to use) the Website or the Contents. Governing law The Website and this policy are governed exclusively by English law and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England & Wales. How long do we keep your information? We will keep your personal information in accordance with our internal retention policies. We will determine the length of time we keep it for based on the minimum retention periods required by law or regulation. We will only keep your personal information after this period if there’s a legitimate and provable business reason to do so. Data sharing The owner of personal data held by IGEM will at all times be IGEM. We will never sell your data to third parties and, as data controller; IGEM has taken steps to ensure that personal data remains in a secure environment.
IGEM will only gather enough information to allow them to carry out the function that is required and in order to deliver a service or product. We will only share your data with third parties in the case of trusted ‘data processors’, ‘joint data controllers’, or ‘data controllers in common’ with whom we have contracts or agreements in place with to ensure onward data protection, or where we are required by law to do so. For instance, we are required by law to provide the Charity Commission for England and Wales annually with a list of our trustees. IGEM will only disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent if it is;
·Under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply the terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or
·To protect the rights, property, or safety of IGEM, its members or others; or
For the purposes of fraud
prevention and credit risk reduction.
IGEM may disclose your personal information to any of its wholly owned subsidiaries. Your rights You have rights under data protection law that relate to the way we process your personal data. More information on these rights can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website.
1.The right to access the personal data that we hold about you. 2.The right to make us correct any inaccurate personal data we hold about you. 3.The right to make us erase any personal data we hold about you. 4.The right to restrict our processing of the data we hold about you. 5.The right to object to our processing of personal data we hold about you (including for the purposes of sending marketing materials to you). 6.The right to receive personal data, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You also have the right to make us transfer this personal data to another organisation. 7.The right to withdraw your consent, where we are relying on it to use your personal data for marketing purposes.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please email dataprotection@igem.org.uk. To apply for a subject access request, you will need to complete an application form (available on request). Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act by emailing dataprotection@igem.org.uk or writing to: Data Protection IGEM IGEM House 28 High Street Kegworth
DE74 2DA   Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet IGEM costs in providing you with details of the information held about you. We normally respond to subject access requests within one month, however exceptions may apply.
Contacts and complaints If you have any questions, comments or would like further information about our privacy please contact dataprotection@igem.org.uk
If you wish to complain about the IGEM’s handling of your personal data, contact The Information Commissioner’s Office.
For further details about GDPR and your rights under GDPR, visit the Information Commissioner's Office website www.ico.org.uk
HomepageSite MapAbout usMembershipProfessional developmentGet involvedNews and PublicationsTechnical ServicesTerms and conditionsPrivacy policyRegistrationContact UsEvents and coursesDisclaimerCopyrightCookiesAccessibilityprivacyPolicy and research hub
Contact us
IGEM House26 & 28 High StreetKegworthDerbyDE74 2DAUnited Kingdom
t: +44 (0)1509 678 150e: general@igem.org.ukCharity No: 214011Vat No: 674772885
Quick links
Site Map
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Terms of use
Meetpoint Midlands
Accessibility