https://www.triumvirate.com/about/privacy-policy
EMERGENCY RESPONSE 800-966-9282
CUSTOMER SERVICE 888-834-9697
ADVISE LOGIN
CAREERS
Employee Login
SEARCH
Services
Waste Management & Disposal
Waste Disposal
Waste Recycling & Sustainability
DEA Controlled Substance Management & Disposal
Lab Pack
HPLC Solvent Waste Collection
Waste Compliance, Analytics & Reporting
Onsite Environmental Services
Cylinder Management
EHS Consulting services
COVID-19 Decontamination & EHS Support Services
EHS Audits
EHS Operational Support & Staff Augmentation
EHS Compliance Reporting
EHS Training
EHS Plans & Permits
Chemical Inventory Management
Lab & facility Services
COVID-19 Decontamination & EHS Support Services
Emergency Response
Biological Decontamination Services
Biological Safety Cabinet (BSC) Certification & Decontamination
Lab Moves
Chemical Inventory Management
Facility Cleanup, Decontamination & Closure
Remediation Services
Vacuum Truck Services
Wastewater Services
Preventive Maintenance
Tank Services
Industries
Life Sciences
Healthcare
Education
Industrial
About
Customer Testimonials
Social Responsibility
Community Outreach
In The News
GSA Contract
Careers
Resources
Resource Library
Webinars & Events
Blog
Compliance Training
Customer Testimonials
e-Manifest
Service Locations
New England
Somerville, MA
Lowell, MA
Cranston, RI
Newington, CT
New York
New York, NY
Mid-atlantic
Baltimore, MD
Raleigh, NC
Jeannette, PA
Norristown, PA
West Easton, PA
Ashland, VA
Southeast
Orlando, FL
Davie, FL
Covington, GA
San Juan, PR
Pacific
Anaheim, CA
La Verne, CA
Pacoima, CA
San Francisco, CA
Seattle, WA
Other Regions
Midwest
South Central
Mountain
Canada
Contrecoeur, Québec
Contact
Request More Information
Have questions about our services? Our sales and customer service teams are here to help, and highly responsive.
Triumvirate Environmental Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your information, which may include personal information, is collected, used, and shared when you visit triumvirate.com, triumvirate.ca, get.triumvirate.com, careers-triumvirate.icims.com, EMDMillipore.triumvirate.com, or triumvirate.learningcart.com (each a “Site”).
Information We Collect
We collect contact information, as well as device and browsing information. Some of the information we collect may be considered personal information such as name, email, and phone number. When you visit a Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse a Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to a Site, and information about how you interact with a Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier.
“Log files” track actions occurring on a Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse a Site.
How Do We Use Your Information?
We use the information that we collect to conduct our business, to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Sites (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with a Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
Sharing Your Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent users’ personal identifiable information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and a Site, or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited marketing purposes provided that you have given us your consent.
For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use a Site; you can read more about how Google uses your personal information at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. However, we cannot guarantee that any third parties will honor the choices or opt-out elections you make.
Finally, we may also share your information to comply with applicable laws and regulations; to respond to a subpoena, search warrant; or other lawful request for information we receive; or to otherwise protect our rights.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information. These steps may include technical measures such as encryption. We also may use organizational measures, such as maintaining an internet security program.
Behavioral Advertising
As described above, we use your information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by visiting:
Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
Google - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
Bing - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at http://optout.aboutads.info/. We do not guarantee that such third parties will honor the choices or opt-out elections you make.
Do Not Track
Several browsers have incorporated “Do Not Track” (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Triumvirate Environmental does not currently respond to browser DNT signals.
Your Rights and Choices
If you are a European Union resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. Additionally, if you are a European Union resident please note that we are processing your information to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example, if you make an order through a Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons, and may apply any changes to information previously collected, as permitted by law. The updated policy shall be posted on the Sites.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint or change any contact information, please contact us by email at marketing@triumvirate.com or by mail using the details provided below:
Triumvirate EnvironmentalATTN:  Marketing200 Inner Belt RdSomerville, MA 02143United States
Effective Date
May 25, 2018
How Can We Help?
Services
Waste Management & Disposal
EHS Consulting Services
Lab & Facility Services
Industries
Life Sciences
Healthcare
Education
Industrial
Resources
Resource Library
Webinars & Events
Blog
Compliance Training
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Follow Us
Advise Login
Employee Login
Contact
privacy policy
© 2020 Triumvirate Environmental