http://www.marwell.org.uk/zoo/misc/terms-and-conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
Day Ticket Terms & Conditions
Tickets purchased are valid for the date you specify you would like to visit. Please check our operating hours for opening times. Children under the age of three go FREE. Children up to and including the age of 16 must be accompanied by an adult. Once payment has been confirmed, tickets booked online are reserved for collection at the park when you bring your confirmation number with you. Proof of age and/or disability will be required upon entry for student, senior and disabled guests. One helper is admitted free for every paying guest with a disability.
Marwell operates a policy of no refunds or exchanges for tickets bought at admissions, booked online or by telephone. Tickets are valid only for the date they are booked and cannot be transferred to another date.
We cannot refund tickets for the reason of adverse weather conditions. Credit/debit card transactions are made on a separate secure server, with full encryption of all credit card data. Your credit card details and personal information will not be shared with any other company or organisation. Use of the ticket implies agreement with our park guidelines. The ticket remains the property of Marwell and is not for re-sale, is non-refundable and non-transferable. The management reserves the right to refuse admission to any ticket holder and, in the interest of the public and for safety reasons, we also reserve the right to request guests to leave the park at any time.
Please note: Our animal enclosures are designed with animal welfare in mind to give them as varied an environment as we can. It is recommended that if at first you cannot see a particular animal, that you carry on with your visit and return again later in the day when the animal may have moved closer. This is why we recommend guests remain for at least 4 hours in the Park. Get the most from your day with our Top Tips.
Gift Ticket Terms & Conditions
Gift tickets are valid for 12 months from the day of issue, and enable the visitor to visit once throughout that period. They are valid for park entry only. Children aged 2 and under go FREE and do not need a ticket. Children up to and including the age of 16 must be accompanied by an adult. We do not sell concession gift tickets.
When your payment has been confirmed your tickets will be sent to the address specified. Please allow up to 5 working days. It is the responsibility of the purchaser to ensure that the information you have supplied to us is accurate prior to making a purchase. We are only responsible for issuing gift tickets in accordance with the information you provide. The gift ticket remains the property of Marwell Wildlife and is not for re-sale, is non-refundable and non-extendable. After tickets have been safely delivered and received by the recipient, it is beyond our control and responsibility, and we're unable to issue replacement tickets should they be misplaced. Gift tickets can be upgraded to annual membership within two weeks of your visit to the minimum value of our winter ticket prices (excluding donation).
Use of the ticket implies agreement with our park guidelines. The management reserves the right to refuse admission to any ticket holder and, in the interest of the public and for safety reasons, we also reserve the right to request guests to leave the park at any time.
Please note: Our animal enclosures are designed with animal welfare in mind to give them as varied an environment as we can. It is recommended that if at first you cannot see a particular animal, that you carry on with your visit and return again later in the day when the animal may have moved closer. This is why we recommend guests remain for at least 4 hours in the Park. Get the most from your day with our Top Tips.
Membership Terms & Conditions
Memberships are valid for one year from the date of purchase, with the exception of gifts that can be bought in advance. Please check our operating hours for opening times. Children under the age of three go FREE. Children up to and including the age of 16 must be accompanied by an adult. Proof of age and/or disability will be required on your first visit and on renewal for student, senior and disabled guests who require a free carer. Please note, we’re unable to upgrade tickets to membership that have been purchased through third parties and not directly purchased via Marwell Zoo.
Marwell operates a policy of no refunds or exchanges for memberships bought at admissions or in the membership cabin, booked online or by telephone. All membership cards will display an up to date photograph of the member. This card is for the sole use of the named holder, is non-transferable & remains the property of Marwell Wildlife. Credit/debit card transactions are made on a separate secure server, with full encryption of all credit card data. Your credit card details and personal information will not be shared with any other company or organisation. Use of the membership implies agreement with our park guidelines. The management reserves the right to refuse admission to any ticket holder and, in the interest of the public and for safety reasons, we also reserve the right to request guests to leave the park at any time.
Animal Adoption Terms & Conditions
Once purchased adoptions are non refundable or transferable.
Please allow up to 14 working days for adoptions to be processed and dispatched. Delivery of the animal adoption pack is by Royal Mail, and Marwell Wildlife cannot be held liable for any delivery delays following dispatch.
Adoption recognition boards are usually updated at the end of each calendar month so please allow up to 4 weeks for your name to be displayed outside your adopted animals home.
Each adoption package includes the benefits as stated on the adoptions web page. Marwell Wildlife reserves the right to change these benefits at any time and without prior notice.
Adoption tickets have no monetary value and cannot be redeemed against any other product. Adoption complimentary entry tickets must be used under the standard terms and conditions of park entry. They cannot be used to gain entry in to special events. Please note that complimentary admission tickets given as part of the adoption packages are for single day entry to the park within a period of 12 months; please check your ticket for the expiry date. Expiry dates on complimentary entry tickets and gift shop vouchers are not extendable. If lost complimentary entry tickets or gift shop vouchers will not be replaced. Complimentary entry to the park to see a species which is the subject of an animal adoption does not guarantee that any particular species or animal will be on public display at that time.
Adoptions within the standard and premium packages adopt an animal species rather than an individual animal unless specifically named in a promotion.
We may from time to time offer special packages for a limited period. Special adoptions will revert to the species after the first 12-month period. In the event that the adopted animal or species is no longer at kept at Marwell Wildlife, we will notify the adopter and they will be able to transfer their adoption to another animal. Unfortunately a refund cannot be offered in such circumstances.
Marwell Wildlife reserves the right to refuse applications from individuals or groups should it suspect that that there would or could be a conflict of interest with its mission and status as a registered charity should the animal adoption go ahead.
Unless an occasion date is selected an animal adoption runs for a period of 12 months from the date of purchase.
Marwell Wildlife is a registered charity; all money raised through animal adoptions goes directly towards helping care for the animals at the zoo.
Group Visit Terms and Conditions
Discounted entry for groups of 12 or more paying at group rate (excludes free carers and children age 2 and under)
Upon arrival, you must enter admissions altogether as a group and not in separate parties.
A maximum of 50 of each ticket type can be booked online. If more is required please contact us in advance on 01962 777965 (Monday to Friday 9am-4pm).
Free entry for one essential carer with registered disabled visitors.
Children aged 16 and under must be accompanied and supervised by an adult at all times.
We operate a no refund policy for pre-paid groups who arrive with fewer visitors than they have paid for.
Pre-booked and pre-paid groups can pay at admissions for any additional guests at group rate which were not covered in the initial pre-payment.
A contact name and mobile number for the day of visit must be provided (for emergency purposes only).
Pre-paid groups use the fast-track gate when in operation (may be closed at off-peak times).
Park rules apply for all group visits; these must be read and adhered to.
Marwell Wildlife reserves the right to make any changes to Terms and Conditions.
Christmas at Marwell
General zoo admission tickets do not cover entry into the Christmas at Marwell event, pre-booked Christmas event tickets only apply
Once a booking is completed no amendments to the booking can be made, if you wish to add additional guests you will need to start a new booking
Guests with mobility issues must contact the Events Team prior to booking their tickets in order to discuss access needs.
Adults and children cannot book a single ticket, all children must be accompanied by an adult
Due to limited space within Fathers Christmas’s room, groups larger than 8 may be split to visit him.
Tickets are non-transferrable and non-refundable after a booking has been made.
Tickets purchased for evening sessions from 4pm DO NOT give access to the zoo on the day, a separate valid Zoo day ticket has to be purchased.
Guests attending evening sessions from 4pm, will not receive a return ticket to the zoo.
Buggies and pushchairs are not permitted within the Christmas experience, a buggy park area is set up outside the venue and any property left there is done so at the owner’s risk, Marwell take no responsibility for any items lost or damaged when left in this area
Marwell Wildlife take no responsibility for any items lost or damage as part of the Christmas Experience
Charity Raffle Applications
Specific criteria applies to applications and we recommend you read this before applying. If your application is unsuccessful, no refunds will be given for postage. If we have not contacted you within 28 days then your application has, unfortunately not been successful on this occasion. We would like to respond to every request we receive but must use our limited resources carefully. We hope you understand our policy on this matter.
Privacy Policy
Please see our full Privacy Policy to see how Marwell Wildlife handles and protects data.
Links to other websites
We use links to improve your experience of our web site. We will always seek to make these links clear, so that you know you have left our web site. However, please be aware that these web sites are owned and run by other companies and organisations and we cannot accept responsibility for any information you choose to divulge to a linked web site.
Website Terms & Conditions
The copyright and other intellectual property rights of all material on this site is owned by Marwell Wildlife unless otherwise stated. You are permitted to print or download extracts from this site providing they are for your personal use only and are not used for any commercial purpose.
No part of this web site can be used for any other purpose including transfer to another web site without the prior permission of Marwell Wildlife.
Marwell endeavours to ensure that all information on this web site is correct and accepts no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the contents of this site. Everything on this site is provided to you "as is" without warranty of any kind, express or implied.
Marwell accepts no liability for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing on this web site or your downloading of any data from the site.
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that this site is available 24 hours a day, we will not be liable if for any reason the site is unavailable at any time or for any period. Access to this site may be suspended temporarily and without notice.
By using the Marwell web site you shall be deemed to have accepted these terms in full. If you do not agree to the Terms and Conditions, please do not use the web site.