http://www.sharetechnology.org/privacy-and-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy:
sharetechnology ("sharetechnology")
operates sharetechnology.org and may operate other websites. It
is sharetechnology's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, sharetechnology collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. sharetechnology's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how sharetechnology's visitors use its website. From time to
time, sharetechnology may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
sharetechnology also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on sharetechnology.org
blogs/sites. sharetechnology only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to sharetechnology's websites choose to interact
with sharetechnology in ways that require sharetechnology to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that sharetechnology gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at sharetechnology.org to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with sharetechnology are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, sharetechnology collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
sharetechnology. sharetechnology does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
sharetechnology may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. sharetechnology may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, sharetechnology does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
sharetechnology discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on sharetechnology's behalf or to provide services available
at sharetechnology's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using sharetechnology's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. sharetechnology will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, sharetechnology discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when sharetechnology believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of sharetechnology, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an sharetechnology website and have supplied your email address, sharetechnology
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with sharetechnology and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. sharetechnology takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. sharetechnology uses cookies to
help sharetechnology identify and track visitors, their usage of sharetechnology
website, and their website access preferences. sharetechnology visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using sharetechnology's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of sharetechnology's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If sharetechnology, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that sharetechnology goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of sharetechnology may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by sharetechnology and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, sharetechnology may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in sharetechnology's sole
discretion. sharetechnology encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a sharetechnology.org account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Why Do You Need A Tax Consultant?
What Are The Objectives And Purpose of Accounting?
What Are The Types Of Accounting?
Categories
Accounting
Objectives
Purpose
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
« May
Journal Of Accountancy NewsUS finance leaders wary as pandemic impacts continueOptimism is higher than in the third quarter, but plenty of obstacles remain, according to the AICPA’s quarterly economic outlook.Final rules govern disallowed transportation fringe benefitsThe IRS finalized proposed rules on the disallowance of deductions for transportation fringe benefits, which was enacted by the law known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.Q&A: FASAB reaches milestone amid pandemicAfter celebrating its 30th anniversary, the Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board is continuing to move forward in its mission to deliver transparency in federal accounting, says board Chair George Scott, CPA, CGMA.What to know about holiday travel policies during COVID-19Firms share the approaches they are using to keep employees safe, and HR experts advise firms to stay current with their state’s guidance, know their rights as employers and communicate policies clearly to staff.Tips for auditing in a COVID-19 environmentThe coronavirus pandemic has dramatically disrupted the focus and procedures involved in many audits. These tips provide best practices, fraud considerations and new procedures practitioners may wish to use.Assessing audit risks during the pandemicThe coronavirus pandemic has caused the risks of material misstatement and fraud to change substantially for many audit clients. Here’s how practitioners can continue delivering high-quality audits in this environment.New attestation standard clarifies work effort of review engagementsThe limited assurance obtained by a practitioner in a review engagement is clarified in a standard issued by the AICPA Auditing Standards Board.Several tax provisions set to expire at end of 2020Among the expiring provisions are the lower 7.5% AGI floor for medical expense deductions and the deduction for qualified tuition and related expenses.FASB to seek input on its standard-setting agendaFASB will undergo a comprehensive project starting this month to determine its future standard-setting priorities, FASB Chair Richard Jones said at the AICPA Conference on Current SEC and PCAOB Developments.IRS finalizes qualified plan loan rollover rulesThe IRS finalized proposed regulations on the qualified plan loan rollover rules amended by the law known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act with just one change in response to a comment.New Form W-4 slow to gain traction with taxpayersOnly 26% of taxpayers have changed their withholding since Form W-4 was revised in 2019, an AICPA survey found.Why the best critical audit matter disclosures use entity-specific infoCritical audit matters have more value when they provide entity-specific language and avoid boilerplate, experts say.PCAOB changes 2021 inspection focus areas as a result of COVID-19PCAOB inspectors will focus more in 2021 on industries and audit areas that have experienced disruption as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. Inspectors also will try to become more unpredictable in the audits and areas they examine.Internal control focus critical as a result of pandemic changesThe coronavirus pandemic has led to changes in operations that require increased attention to internal controls, Securities and Exchange Commission staff said at the AICPA Conference on Current SEC and PCAOB Developments.Emergence through fresh-start reportingAs an entity moves through the bankruptcy process, it must meet certain criteria to qualify, upon emergence, for fresh-start reporting under FASB ASC Topic 852, Reorganizations. Unknown FeedOTHER LINKSTerms Of Services
Privacy And Policy