http://www.toxicology.org/help.asp
Publications & Historical Documents
SOT Statements
Advertising Opportunities
SOT on Social Media
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
ToxSci on Instagram
ToxSci on Twitter
Toxicology & You
Science News from Government Agencies
Is That Science News Relevant to Me?
Member Publications & Discounts
Toxicologists on Toxicology
Awards & Funding
Applications & Nominations
Search for an Award
View Awards by Audience
View Awards by Category
Awards Review Process & FAQs
Student & Postdoc Award FAQs
Funding for Training Opportunities
Global Senior Scholar Exchange Program (GSSEP)
Graduate Intern Fellowship in Toxicology (GIFT)
New Experiences in Toxicology Program (NEXT)
ToxScholar Outreach Grants
Supplemental Training for Education Program (STEP)
Recognizing Awardees
2020 SOT Award Recipients
SOT Award Recipients Archive
2020 Endowment Fund Award Recipients
Endowment Fund Award Recipients Archive
Research Funding Blog
Exclusive to SOT members, this blog contains information on grant and funding opportunities of relevance to toxicologists.
Read More
Careers
SOT Resources
Job Bank
Mentor Match
Internship Info
About Toxicology Careers
Becoming a Toxicologist
Careers in Regulatory Toxicology
Toxicology Salary Surveys
Career Development Resources
Education-Career Development Sessions
Career Development Webinars
CEd-Tox: Online Continuing Education
Education
CEd-Tox: Continuing Education
This online program provides 24/7 access to courses covering established knowledge and new developments in toxicology and related disciplines.
Read More
Recorded Presentations
Plenary Lectures
Career Development Webinars
Education-Career Development Sessions
Eminent Toxicologist Lectures
In Vitro Toxicology Lectures
Webinars
Resources for Educators
Undergraduate Educator
Introduction to Toxicology Slides
ToxScholar Outreach Grants
K–12 Outreach Materials
Internships
SOT provides listings of toxicology-related internship opportunities and also provides matching funding for some intern hosts.
Read More
Endowment Fund
Contribute Today
The Endowment Fund supports the future of toxicology through a series of funds designed to aid toxicologists and SOT programs.
Read More
About the Endowment Fund
About the Funds
History and Governance
Annual Reports
Funds and Contributors
Honor Roll of Contributors
Endowment Fund Awards
2020 Award Recipients
Award Recipients Archive
Review and Apply for Awards
Ways to Donate
There are many ways to contribute to the Endowment Fund—from planned giving to donations in honor of someone else.
Read More
Help/FAQs
Home
Help/FAQs
Frequently Asked Questions by Members
Member Profile and Account Information
I forgot (or lost) my member password. Can you provide it for me?
Use the “Reset Password” link on the login page (button available on top right of every SOT website page) to reset your password.
How do I change my membership password or contact information?
Visit your “Member Profile” web page
to update your contact information or reset your password. Note: You will be asked to log in using your SOT credentials to access your Member Profile. Once on the “Member Profile” web page, select “Edit My Contact Information” to update your information and to access the “reset your password” link.
Why is my information in the online version of the Membership Directory incorrect?
The SOT Membership Directory is available exclusively in a searchable, online format through the SOT ToXchange website . Access to the Membership Directory is restricted to SOT members. Changes to your contact and other information can be made by visiting your “Member Profile” web page . Please see the SOT Privacy Policy for any questions regarding how SOT collects and uses your personal data.
General Questions
How do I access locked pages () on the SOT website or ToXchange?
Certain pages are restricted to SOT members. You can log into the website (and ToXchange) by using the login button in the upper right corner of every page. Once logged in, you will have full access to all pages.
In addition, if you are not logged in and attempt to access a restricted page, you will automatically be taken to a login page. After entering your login information, you will automatically redirected to the page you selected.
I paid student registration for the last SOT Annual Meeting. Does that mean I am now a student member?
No, membership must be applied for separately. You can apply for SOT membership at any time, as membership applications are reviewed four times per year. If accepted for membership, you'll be eligible for student awards and other student benefits.
Journal Subscription
What is my Toxicological Sciences (ToxSci) subscription number?
Oxford University Press, the official publication partner for Toxicological Sciences, does not issue subscription numbers.
SOT members (depending on membership type) can access the online version of ToxSci by using their SOT login credentials. To log into the ToxSci website for full access, click the sign in button in the upper right corner and then click SOT logo. You will be redirected to the SOT website to enter your login information; once you have entered this information, click the ToxSci graphic that appears and you will be redirected back to the ToxSci website and will be able to access all content.
Do members who were members when Toxicology and Applied Pharmacology (TAP) was an official SOT journal have access to that journal online?
No, the online version of TAP only is available to those who have a subscription or license agreement with Elsevier, the publisher.
Why am I not receiving Toxicological Sciences (ToxSci) by mail?
Online access (i.e., an electronic subscription) to ToxSci is including as part of the Full and Associate member dues. A subscription to the printed version of ToxSci is available for an additional fee and can be added to your membership by contacting the SOT membership team.
If your membership already includes a subscription to the print version of ToxSci¸ please confirm that your address is correct in your membership information in the SOT membership database.
How do I make changes to my address for my Toxicological Sciences (ToxSci) print subscription?
View and update your membership information in the SOT membership database. You may also send address changes directly to Rosibel Alvarenga.
If you have additional questions or need further assistance, please reference the SOT Contact Us page to send a message to the Society or to reach a specific staff member.