https://www.natlenvtrainers.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
National Environmental Trainers® (NET) respects your privacy and the privacy and security of the information you provide to us. NET makes every reasonable effort (firewalls, encrypted server etc.) to ensure the confidentiality and security of that information within its system.
We do not sell or disclose to outside entities your name, mailing address, telephone number, e-mail address, or other information you provide.
NET is committed to protect the personal information that you share with us. Generally, you can browse through NET’s website without giving any information. However, if you provide personal information, the privacy of your personal information is important to NET and will not be sold, rented, or shared with third parties. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information is used. The information provided on this site is “as is”; there are no express or implied warranties. By using the website, you consent to the use of the information as described herein.
Personal Information
Personal information means information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, email address, a home, postal or other physical address, other contact information, title, birth date, gender, occupation, industry, and personal interests. NET only uses such information if it has been collected in accordance with acceptable privacy practices consistent with this Policy and applicable laws. When you do voluntarily provide us with personal information, we may use that information in the following ways, unless stated otherwise: the information may be stored and used for providing services, or to contact you directly to discuss possible business opportunities. If you do not want your information used in the manner described herein do not provide us with your personal information.
Children and Privacy
Our websites do not target and are not intended to attract children under the age of 13. NET does not knowingly solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or send them requests for personal information.
Third Party Sites
This website may contain links to other sites. NET does not share personal information with those websites and is not responsible for third party privacy practices or website content.
Legal Disclaimer
NET makes every effort to preserve user privacy; we may need to disclose personal information when required by law to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
NET reserves the right to amend, change or modify this policy at any time and without prior notice.
This policy was last updated on April 22, 2007.
Payment OptionsCourse FeaturesCourse ReviewsGroup RatesInstructionsOnsite TrainingFAQBenefitsHow We RankCoursesHazwoper MobileOur CertificatesHAZWOPER "Overall I thought your 8 hour HAZWOPER refresher was very good."
- J. Staples, State of Kentucky, OSHA
Latest Blog Posts
Common Hazardous Materials Found on JobsitesEmployers, are your employees exposed to hazardous materials on their jobsite or within their ......RCRA Requirements for Hazardous Waste Generators Hazardous waste generators are bound by certain local, state, and federal laws. Chief among these ......Hazardous Materials and Chemical Exposures
Working at a Hazardous Waste Operations and Emergency Response (HAZWOPER) site carries the risk of ......What Qualifies as Hazardous Waste Materials? What Qualifies as Hazardous Waste Materials?
In our last blog, we ......
Back To Top