http://www.camoinassociates.com/privacy-policy
Sign up for the Economic Development Navigator
Privacy Policy
Camoin Associates, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy as you use our website. This privacy statement explains what information Camoin Associates gathers from you through our website and how we may use it.
Disclosure of your information
We will not sell, trade, distribute or disclose any information you provide us to a third party, unrelated to you. We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with law or comply with legal process served upon us or our agents, representatives and affiliates, (2) protect and defend our rights or property or those of our users or (3) protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
Email addresses
We ask that you provide some personal contact information when you register to access the Economic Development Navigator. We use this information to keep you informed of relevant news and products which may be of interest to you. You may opt-out from receiving promotional or marketing e-mails by notifying us by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of any unwanted e-mail.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).
Google Analytics uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Consent
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by Camoin Associates as described in this policy. We reserve the right to change our privacy policy at any time. If we decide to change our policy, we will post those changes on this page.Personal
facebook
twitter
linkedIn
Contact Information
120 West Avenue
Saratoga Springs, NY 12866
518.899.2608
info@camoinassociates.com
Contact Us
Sign up for the Economic Development Navigator
Our eNewsletter about all thingseconomic development