http://www.irishmetsociety.org/about-ims/about-the-ims-website/privacy-statement
Irish Meteorological Society
HomeAbout IMSAbout the SocietyConstitutionRulesContactCommittee & Hon. MembersIMS Honorary Life MembersIMS Committees 1982-20162017 CommitteeAbout the IMS websiteSite InformationPrivacy StatementMembershipAbout MembershipIn the Member ZoneJoin the IMS or Renew MembershipMember ZonePublic Lectures & Events 2015Public Lectures & Events 2014Public Lectures & Events 2013Public Lectures & Events 2016Public Lectures & Events 2017Public Lectures & Events 2018
Privacy Statement
The Irish Meteorological Society respects your right to privacy. Any personal information which you volunteer on this website will be treated with appropriate standards of security and confidentiality and in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003. If you volunteer personal information in an e-mail or as an e-mail address in the form of an enquiry or comment or if you register on the site the data will not be made available to any third party and will be used solely for the purpose for which it was intended.
The Irish Meteorological Society does not collect or retain credit card information. All credit card transactions are handled by PayPay (www.PayPal.com) and the Society only receives the payment and a transaction ID.
Our Internet Service Provider collects technical details of site visits such as:
the IP address of the visitor’s web client
the top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net)
the previous website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used
clickstream data which shows the traffic of visitors around this web site (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded)
the type of web browser used by the website visitor.
The software used to power this site, Joomla!, may use cookies on occasions. These are used soley to aid navigation of the site, compile statistics and assist the user on their return to the site.
This information is for statistical purposes only and none of it will be used to identify individual site visitors unless required to do so by law.
If, after supplying personal information, you require a copy of it or you wish to discuss, correct or delete it, you may write (including the personal details supplied via the website) to Secretary, Irish Meteorlogical Society, c/o Met Eireann, Glasnevin Hill, Dublin 9
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
WHAT IT MEANS FOR
THE IRISH METEOROLOGICAL SOCIETY
What is GDPR?
GDPR [General Data Protection Regulation] is a new data protection law that became effective in the European Union from 25 May 2018.  It builds on the rights and protections given to everyone under existing data protection laws.
The goal of GDPR is to protect every person’s right to data privacy and to make sure that people and companies who control or process your data do it in a way (a) you understand (b) you agree to and (c) that protects your information from being lost, stolen or shared without your knowledge or consent.
Reference: http://gdprandyou.ie/
What does that mean for IMS?
As a Society we need to collect and keep some basic data about our members and collaborators to allow the Executive Committee to properly run our Society.  Because IMS has control over the data it gathers, it is known as a Data Controller.
Privacy Policy
This is the privacy policy for the Irish Meteorological Society (IMS)
IMS is committed to protecting your privacy and making sure that you understand how we use the data you share with us and what your rights are.
Data Collection
We only collect the following information from every IMS member:
Name
Email address
Membership renewal
We only collect the following information from every IMS collaborator:
Name
Email address
Data Processing and Storage
We use the information we collect to inform members and collaborators about events run by our Society.
We store your information securely in a paper register, on a secure computer server and on membership forms and we make sure that only the current IMS Committee members have access to it.
Data Retention
We will keep your information until you decide to leave the IMS or cease your collaboration activities with IMS.
Information Sharing
We won’t share your information with any other organisations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes, and we don’t pass on your details to other organisations. We may pass on your personal information if we have a legal obligation to do so.
If we amend our privacy policy we will share our new policy with you.
Right to change or remove your information
If at any time you wish to update the information which we hold about you, or if you wish to have us remove your information from our register, please notify us at the following email addresses: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Popular
New User Reg
Links
Weather- Links
Membership
About IMS
Latest Updates
Weather and Sailing Webinar
The CMIP6 Experiments: Climate modelling with EC-Earth
Thursday 22nd October IMS Zoominar: When is the Day After Tomorrow?
September 24th Zoominar - Dr Lisa Orme
FP News Summer 2020
Search ...
Copyright © 2020 Irish Meteorological Society. All Rights Reserved.
Joomla! is Free Software released under the GNU General Public License.
Go to Top
JSN Epic 2 is designed by JoomlaShine.com | powered by JSN Sun Framework