http://www.excavations.ie/excavations/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy «
Excavations
Home
About
Links
Contact Details
Mapping
Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy
1 In General
Access to and use of this Web site and the products and search services available through this Web site (collectively, the “Services”) are subject to the following terms, conditions and notices (the “Terms of Service”). By using the Services, you are agreeing to all of these terms, conditions and notices, without modification. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the Terms of Service may be updated by us from time to time. This Web site may also contain links to other Web sites, Web pages and services, which are not operated by Wordwell Ltd (the “Linked Sites”). Your use of such Linked Sites will be subject to the terms of service contained within each such site and the respective terms of service will control the use of the respective site. You recognise that Wordwell Ltd has no control over such Linked Sites and information, and you accept that Wordwell Ltd provides no guarantee as to the accuracy or reliability of such sites or the information contained in them and you agree that we shall have no responsibility as to whether such links locate unintended or objectionable content or otherwise cause you distress, loss or damage.
2 Privacy policy
1. Introduction
1.1
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors.
1.2
This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3
We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
1.4
In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Wordwell Ltd For more information about us, see Section 13.
2. Credit
2.1
This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com).
3. How we use your personal data
3.1
In this Section 3 we have set out:
(a)
the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)
the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(C)
the legal bases of the processing.
3.2
We may process data about your use of our website (“usage data“). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is Google analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website. The legal basis for this processing is for the purposes of monitoring and improving our website.
3.3
We may process your account data (“account dataThe ). This account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is namely the proper administration of our website and business.
3.4
We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website (“profile data“). The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, profile pictures. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is for the proper administration of our website and business.
3.5
We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services] (“service data“). The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is namely the proper administration of our website and business.
3.6
We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services (“publication data“). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is namely the proper administration of our website and business.
3.7
We may process [information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services] (“enquiry data“). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
3.8
We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information (“customer relationship data“). The customer relationship data may include your name, your contact details, and information contained in communications between us and you. The source of the customer relationship data is you. The customer relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and promoting our products and services to customers. The legal basis for this processing is namely the proper management of our customer relationships.
3.9
We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website (“transaction data“). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business OR the delivery to you of the goods or services you have ordered from us.
3.10
We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (“notification data“). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
3.11
We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data“). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
3.12
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
3.14
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
3.15
In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also process [any of your personal data] where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or] in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
3.16
Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
4. Providing your personal data to others
4.1
We may disclose [your personal data] to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
4.2
We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4.3
We may disclose personal data to our suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for processing your orders from us.
4.4
Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services provider, Paypal. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers’ privacy policies and practices at https://www.paypal.com/cg/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
4.5
We may disclose your enquiry data to Paypal for the purpose of enabling them to contact you so that they can offer, market and sell to you relevant goods and/or services. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the enquiry data that we supply to it; and upon contacting you, each such third party will supply to you a copy of its own privacy policy, which will govern that third party’s use of your personal data.
4.6
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
5. International transfers of your personal data
5.1
In this Section 5, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
5.2
The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.
5.3
The hosting facilities for our website are situated in Ireland. The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to [the data protection laws of this country. Transfers to other EU countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely [the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.
5.5
You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
6. Retaining and deleting personal data
6.1
This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
6.2
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
6.3
We will retain your personal data as follows:
(a)
Your personal data will be retained for a minimum period of 7 years following the 25th May 2018.
6.4
In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the period for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine the period of retention based on the following criteria:
(a)
the period of retention of purchase history will be determined based on the need to keep this information on file for taxation purposes.
6.5
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
7.Amendments
7.1
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
7.2
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
7.3
We may notify you of changes to this policy by email.
8. Your rights
8.1
In this Section 8, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
8.2
Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)
the right to access;
(b)
the right to rectification;
(c)
the right to erasure;
(d)
the right to restrict processing;
(e)
the right to object to processing;
(f)
the right to data portability;
(g)
the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h)
the right to withdraw consent.
8.3
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee. You can access your personal data by requesting this information from us, in writing, via email.
8.4
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
8.5
In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
8.6
In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful, but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
8.7
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
8.8
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
8.9
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
8.10
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a)
consent; or
(b)
that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
8.11
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
8.12
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
8.13
You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us.
9. About cookies
9.1
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
9.2
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
9.3
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
10. Cookies that we use
10.1
We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a)
authentication – we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website.
(b)
status – we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website.
(c)
personalisation – we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise the website for you.
(d)
security – we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally.
(e)
advertising – we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you.
(f)
analysis – we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services, and
(g)
cookie consent – we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
11. Cookies used by our service providers
11.1
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
11.2
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
12. Managing cookies
12.1
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b)
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c)
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d)
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e)
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f)
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
12.2
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
12.3
If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
13. Our details
13.1
This website is owned and operated by Wordwell Ltd
13.2
We are registered in Ireland under registration number 192950,and our registered office is at Unit 9, 78 Furze Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18
13.3
Our principal place of business is Unit 9, 78 Furze Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18
13.4
You can contact us:
(a)
by post, at the postal address given above;
(b)
using our website contact form;
(c)
by telephone, on [the contact number published on our website from time to time; or
(d)
by email, using [the email address published on our website from time to time.
14. Data protection officer
14.1
Our data protection officer’s contact details are: Helen Dunne, Helen@wordellbooks.com
3 Prohibitions
You will not: commit or encourage a criminal offence; send or receive any material which is in any way offensive or obscene, or in breach of confidence, copyright, privacy or any other rights; act contrary to the acceptable use policies of any Linked Sites or community standards generally; transmit or distribute a virus; hack into any aspect of the Service; corrupt data; cause annoyance to other Users; infringe upon the rights of any other person’s trade marks or other proprietary rights; send any unsolicited advertising or other promotional material, commonly referred to as “spam”; or attempt to affect the performance or functionality of any computer facilities of or accessed through the Wordwell Ltd Web site.
4 Intellectual Property, Software and Content
The intellectual property rights in all software made available and content supplied to you remains the property of Wordwell Ltd, its licensors, advertisers or content suppliers. You will comply with the terms of any agreement required by the owner of intellectual property rights in all software and content supplied to you as notified to you and you hereby acknowledge that all software that is not made readily available to you is confidential, and that all other rights including but not limited to database rights and copyright are asserted and reserved by Wordwell Ltd, its licensors, advertisers or content suppliers. You may store, manipulate, analyse, reformat, print and display the content supplied solely for your own personal use. In no event are you permitted to publish, distribute or otherwise reproduce in any format any of the content or copies of the content supplied to you or which appears on the Wordwell Ltd site and you are prohibited from using any such content in connection with any business or commercial enterprise including, without limitation, any media business or enterprise. You shall not modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble (except to the extent that applicable laws expressly or implicitly prohibit such restriction) or create derivative works based on any software or any documentation accompanying such software supplied by Wordwell Ltd, its licensors, advertisers or content suppliers.
5 E-tail of Products and Services
By making a request/order you are offering to purchase a product which we will accept to sell to you on the following Terms and Conditions. All requests are subject to availability and confirmation of the order price by us. Dispatch times may vary according to availability and any guarantees warranties or representations made as to delivery times are limited to the Republic of Ireland and are on the basis that we are not responsible for any delay in delivery occurring due to postal delays or force majeure. Wordwell Ltd is absolutely entitled to refuse any request made by you. If your order is accepted we will inform you by emailing you or else by telephone. We will also provide the identity of the party you have contracted with. This may be Wordwell Ltd or in certain cases a third party. Where a contract is made with a third party Wordwell Ltd is not acting as either agent or principal and the contract is made between yourself and that third party. When making a request you undertake that all details you provide to us requesting goods or services or bids made at auction are true and accurate, that you are an authorised user of the credit or debit card used to make your request or bid and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods, services or bid. It is your responsibility to inform us of any changes to these details as soon as possible. The cost of foreign products and services may fluctuate. All prices advertised are subject to such changes.
6 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
THE SERVICES AND ALL INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND OTHER CONTENT INCLUDED IN OR ACCESSIBLE FROM THIS WEB SITE AND THE LINKED SITES, ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WORDWELL LTD DISCLAIMS AND EXCLUDES ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES (EXPRESS, IMPLIED AND STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS) AS TO THE SERVICES AND ALL INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND CONTENT INCLUDED IN AND ACCESSIBLE FROM THIS WEB SITE OR THE LINKED SITES.
7 DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
UNLESS EXPRESSLY STATED TO THE CONTRARY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW WORDWELL LTD, ITS CONTENT PROVIDERS, ADVERTISERS OR LINKED SITES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT WITHOUT LIMITATION TO ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, PROFITS, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLES, DAMAGE TO GOODWILL OR REPUTATION, OR THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, PERFORMANCE OR FAILURES OF THIS WEB SITE OR THE LINKED SITES, EVEN IF WORDWELL LTD HAD BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARISE IN CONTRACT, TORT, EQUITY, RESTITUTION, BY STATUTE, AT COMMON LAW OR OTHERWISE. YOU HAVE READ THIS DISCLAIMER AND AGREE TO IT ON THE BASIS THAT YOU AGREE IT IS REASONABLE.
8 DISCLAIMER AS TO OWNERSHIP OF TRADE MARKS
EXCEPT WHERE EXPRESSLY STATED TO THE CONTRARY ALL PERSONS, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND LOCATIONS FEATURING ON THE WORDWELL LTD WEB SITE ARE IN NO WAY CONNECTED, ASSOCIATED, LINKED OR AFFILIATED TO WORDWELL LTD FURTHERMORE, UNLESS IT IS EXPRESSLY STATED ON THE WORDWELL LTD WEB SITE THAT A CERTAIN PRODUCT, SERVICE OR LOCATION IS CONNECTED, ASSOCIATED, LINKED OR AFFILIATED TO THE MAKERS, RIGHT OWNERS OR BROADCASTERS (THE “MAKERS”) OF A FILM OR PROGRAMME YOU SHOULD NOT MAKE SUCH AN ASSUMPTION, OR RELY IN ANY WAY ON THE EXISTENCE OF SUCH A CONNECTION, ASSOCIATION OR AFFILIATION, BY IMPLICATION OR OTHERWISE. ANY TRADE MARKS/NAMES AS MAY BE FEATURED ON THE WORDWELL LTD WEB SITE ARE OWNED BY THE RESPECTIVE TRADE MARK OWNERS AND WORDWELL LTD CLAIMS NO CONNECTION, ASSOCIATION OR AFFILIATION WITH THEM. WHERE A TRADE MARK (BRAND NAME) IS REFERRED TO IT IS USED TO DESCRIBE OR IDENTIFY THE PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR LOCATIONS (THE “GOODS”) OR ELSE IT IS USED TO IDENTIFY THE FILM OR PROGRAMME WHERE SUCH GOODS APPEARED, BUT THAT IS IN NO WAY AN ASSERTION OR CLAIM THAT SUCH GOODS ARE ENDORSED BY OR CONNECTED, ASSOCIATED, LINKED OR AFFILIATED TO THE MAKERS OF THE RELEVANT FILM OR PROGRAMME.
9 Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Wordwell Ltd, its directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents, and affiliates, from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, legal fees) arising from, without limitation, your use of the Wordwell Ltd services, your breach of the Terms of Service, your infringement of any intellectual property right or any other right of any person or entity, or your breach of any duty of confidence or privacy, or any defamatory statements made by you in any form.
10 Variation of content
Wordwell Ltd shall have the right in its absolute discretion at any time and without notice to amend, remove or vary any of the content supplied in connection with the Service or which appears on any page of the Wordwell Ltd Web site.
11 Submissions
All information and material submitted by you to Wordwell Ltd or that you publish on any public area of the Wordwell Ltd Web site shall be provided by the submitter and accepted by Wordwell Ltd subject to paragraph 2 above. Furthermore, Wordwell Ltd shall be granted a perpetual royalty-free non-exclusive license in the copyright of any material submitted and Wordwell Ltd shall be free to use, edit, copy, republish and distribute (for any purpose) and authorise others to do the same, any such information or material and any ideas contained in such information or material.
12 Termination
Wordwell Ltd may at any time terminate or suspend any part of the Service without notice to you.
13 Invalidity
If any part of the Terms of Service is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of the Terms of Service will not be affected all other clauses remaining in full force and effect. So far as possible where any clause/sub-clause or part of a clause/sub-clause can be severed to render the remaining part valid, the clause shall be interpreted accordingly. Alternatively, you agree that the clause shall be rectified and interpreted in such a way that closely resembles the original meaning of the clause /sub-clause as is permitted by law.
14 Governing Law
These terms and conditions shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland and the courts of Ireland shall have jurisdiction to resolve any disputes between you and Wordwell Ltd.
15 Entire Agreement
The above Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede any and all preceding and contemporaneous agreements between you and Wordwell Ltd. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by a Director of Wordwell Ltd.
Copyright 2020. Excavations.ie
Terms and Conditions
MENU
Home
About
Links
Contact Details
Mapping