http://www.eeri.org/privacy-policy
Earthquake Engineering Research InstituteEERI - an international, technical society of engineers, geoscientists, architects, planners, public officials, & social scientists
Login Here
Home
About EERI
Our Mission
Board of Directors
Laurie A. Johnson
David Cocke
Lucy Arendt
Barry H. Welliver
John G. Anderson
Erica Fischer
Tara C. Hutchinson
Jorge F. Meneses
Judith Mitrani-Reiser
Terri Norton
Jonathan P. Stewart
Past EERI Board Members
EERI Honors and Awards
EERI Award Recipients
The Alfred E. Alquist Special Recognition Medal
The Bruce Bolt Medal
Distinguished Lecture Award
George W. Housner Medal
EERI Honorary Membership
Outstanding Paper Award
Shah Family Innovation Prize
William B. Joyner Lecture Award
Graduate Fellowships
EERI Younger Member Award
EERI Competitions
Office & Staff
Careers at EERI
Subscribing Members
Visionary & Diamond Members
Platinum Members
Gold Members
Silver Members
Bronze Members
Payment Options
Committees
Regional Chapters
Student Chapters
Student Leadership Council
EERI Post-Graduation Internship Program
Current and Previous Interns
Policies and Plans
Bylaws
Operational Policy Statements
Strategic Plan
Reimbursement Form and Procedures
EERI Logos and Assets
News & Events
Latest News
EERI E-Newsletter: The Pulse
EERI Pulse Digest
EERI Newsletter Archives
Events Calendar
Recent Meetings & Workshops
Projects
EERI Projects Overview and Search
Learning from Earthquakes
School Earthquake Safety Initiative (SESI)
Housner Fellows Program
Housner Fellows Program
2020 Housner Fellows
2017 Housner Fellows
2014 Housner Fellows
2012 Housner Fellows
Housner Blog
Friedman Family Visiting Professionals Program
Mitigation Center
Confined Masonry Network
World Housing Encyclopedia
Concrete Coalition
Earthquake Scenarios
Developing Scenarios
World Bank GFDRR Grant Agreement
Special Projects & Initiatives
Ethics and Case Studies
Endowment Fund Project Summary
Products & Publications
Earthquake Spectra
Subscribe to Earthquake Spectra
Earthquake Spectra Online
Oral History Series
Other Publications & Reports
EERI Knowledge Center & Online Store
Public Policy
What is Public Policy?
Legislative Action Center
Policy Statements
Implementing an Effective Earthquake Early Warning System
Promoting the Use of Confined Masonry Construction
Creating Earthquake-Resilient Communities
Schools shall be URM Free by 2033
Mitigation of Nonstructural Hazards in Schools
National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program
Improve Reliability of Lifeline Infrastructure Systems
Citizen Advocate Toolkit
Join EERI Public Policy
Membership Center
Become a Member
Renew Your Membership
Members Only Resources
Update Your Password
How to Login
JOIN US
Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Data Collection
Earthquake Engineering Research Institute collects limited non-personally identifying information your browser makes available whenever you visit a website. Examples of this type of data are: the name of your Internet service provider, the site that referred you to us, any pages you request, and the time and date of those requests, etc. There are instances where Earthquake Engineering Research Institute requests personally identifiable information to provide site visitors with a service. This information, such as name, mailing address, email address, and type of request, is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the request, as determined by Earthquake Engineering Research Institute, to fulfill your needs.
Information Sharing
Personally identifiable Information collected on our website is never provided or sold to any other company for that company’s independent use without your consent.
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data.
We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services.
Cookies
Earthquake Engineering Research Institute may send your browser a “cookie” that uniquely identifies your browser. Your browser will store the cookie as a string of characters that will be sent back to our website to improve the user experience of our website. Many websites will not work without the use of cookies. It is possible to set your browser to reject cookies, but be aware that some web services or features of our site may not function properly.
Links
Our site may link to other sites, which are outside of our domain. When you follow a link from our site, we advise you to check the privacy statements of those external sites before providing any personally identifiable information.
Latest News
EERI names new co-chairs of Learning from Earthquakes CommitteeA message from the EERI President, Laurie A. JohnsonWebinar: Earthquakes in Pandemics – Experiences from Earthquakes in EuropeEERI Releases Earthquake Spectra Special Issue on GEM’s 2018 Global Hazard and Risk ModelsWebinar: Citizen Advocacy — Tools to Advance Seismic Safety PolicyWebinar Series: Applying Lessons Learned from COVID-19 to Earthquake Preparedness2021 EERI Annual Meeting: Call for Session Proposals
Our Subscribing Members
Visionary & Platinum members
Gold members
Silver members
Bronze members
Follow us
Become a Member
At every stage of your career, we provide you with the resources and connections you need to succeed and make an impact. Join EERI today!
Earthquake Engineering Research Institute | 499 14th Street, Suite 220 | Oakland, CA 94612
phone: 510-451-0905 | fax: 510-451-5411 | eeri@eeri.org
Terms
and
Privacy Policy