https://www.savethemanatee.org/how-to-help/volunteer/
Volunteer
HomeHow to HelpVolunteer
We could use your help to educate others! If you’re passionate about manatees and have some time to spare, fill out our general Online Volunteer Application (see link on this page). Scroll down for a list of volunteer positions.
Volunteer Chelsea M. helped visitors Adopt-A-Manatee® this past weekend at Ellie Schiller Homosassa Springs Wildlife State Park. Ariel and Betsy were in the park enjoying lunch, and a few wild manatees were making their way into the spring! A big Thank You to everyone who adopted a manatee, made a donation, or stopped by for educational information!
If you are interested in volunteering, please fill out our general Online Volunteer Application.
For those wishing to inquire about earning court-ordered community service hours at the Club’s office in Maitland, Florida, please do not fill out the Online Volunteer Application form. Please click the following link to download the Court-Ordered Community Service form. (Note: the form is fillable.)  For eligibility and availability, contact Ally Greco, the Club’s Volunteer Activities Coordinator, at agreco@savethemanatee.org or call 407-539-0990. Our office hours are 8:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. Mon. – Fri.
Check out our new video and learn more about volunteer opportunities with Save the Manatee Club!
Volunteer Spotlight: Shari Dworkin-Smith
We’re grateful Shari finds time to volunteer for Save the Manatee Club.
This season’s Volunteer Spotlight celebrates dedicated Save the Manatee Club (SMC) Volunteer Shari Dworkin-Smith. Shari grew up in Florida but has lived all over the United States, “literally from Maine to California,” she says. After high school, she didn’t return to Florida until she was married with children, but after learning about SMC’s Manatee Observer Program, she knew she had to be involved.
Shari and her husband Rob joined the team of Manatee Observers at Blue Spring State Park and have also helped with several SMC events. “I love teaching people about the manatees,” Shari explains. “It’s always so fun to watch people’s reactions to them when they can see them at the park.” One of her favorite moments on the Manatee Observer kayak was when manatee Annie and her calf approached her and checked her out, with Annie being protective of the calf. “I just had to laugh, because moms are moms wherever you go.”
Shari volunteers as a Manatee Observer at Blue Spring State Park, where she protects the manatees from harassment and teaches park visitors about them.
This year, Shari has also been volunteering virtually by giving online presentations to school classrooms and other groups. Her presentations are full of interesting information about manatees and stories from helping out at Blue Spring. She has been a great role model for new volunteers who watch her presentations while training to do their own.
We’re grateful Shari finds time to volunteer for SMC on top of her roles as a director for a cosmetic company and as a psychic medium. Outside of work and volunteering, Shari loves spending time kayaking, reading, writing, crocheting, watching old movies and snuggling with her three dogs and two cats.
To learn more about volunteering for Save the Manatee Club, visit savethemanatee.org/volunteer.
Volunteer Rewards Program
Melissa and Mike Fishman from Rockledge in Brevard County, Florida wear their volunteer T-shirts and caps whenever they table at events for Save the Manatee Club. Join our volunteer team and earn points through the Volunteer Rewards Program to get your free shirt and cap.
Learn More
Appreciation Pins for Club Volunteers
Earn It, Pin It, Show It!
Barbara Manatee wears her volunteer name tag on a lanyard studded with the Club’s recognition pins.
Save the Manatee Club presents a variety of service pins to further recognize and honor the efforts and importance of our loyal volunteer/members. The special, customized pins are earned by registered volunteers who staff education tables for the Club at events, help out in our Maitland office, or give manatee presentations for the Club at local schools, libraries, etc. Wear the pins on the Club’s lanyard which holds the volunteer name tag, or on the Club’s volunteer cap or t-shirt.
See the Pins
Volunteer News
Learn About Manatees Virtually!>>
Volunteers Spread the Word at 2020 Manatee Festivals>>
Volunteering is Believing You Can Make a Difference>>
Volunteers Pin the Positive!>>
Volunteers Receive Milestone Award>>
Volunteer Positions
Blue Spring Manatee Observer Volunteer:
This position is open to residents of Volusia, Orange, Lake and Seminole Counties between the months of April – October. Manatee Observer Volunteers will educate visitors and help prevent manatee harassment at Blue Spring State Park during the summer months if manatees enter the spring run. Volunteers may be pre-scheduled or called on short-notice to assist at the park. Mandatory orientation sessions are offered in the spring. Volunteers can assist from the boardwalk or from a kayak. Mandatory kayak training is also offered in the spring. Click the following link to read more about the Manatee Observer Program. For detailed information on this position please email Cora Berchem at cberchem@savethemanatee.org.
Grassroots Activism (E-mail Action Alert Team):
This position is available for volunteers living both in and outside of Florida who have access to e-mail. There is no age or membership requirement for grassroots activism volunteers. This is a critical way you can help manatees. Write, fax, or e-mail policy makers at all levels of government and let them know you support strong manatee protection measures. We will e-mail notices of manatee issues that require your help.
Festivals:
This position is available for Florida residents who are 18 years of age or older (must also have a valid driver’s license and current auto insurance). Save the Manatee Club asks festival volunteers to become a member, which means they Adopt-A-Manatee for themselves or as a gift (starting at a $25 donation). Festival volunteers staff information tables at manatee-related events year-round. They provide information on the Club and manatees to the public and should be knowledgeable (or eager to learn) about protecting manatees and their aquatic habitat. Days and times of festivals vary. This requires a minimum of 2-4 hours per festival.
In-Office:
This position is available for Florida residents in the Maitland, Florida area who are 16 years of age or older. There is no membership requirement for in-office volunteers. Volunteers help our team with various office tasks such as preparing mailing orders, folding brochures, quality checking items, organizing event materials, and more. Office hours are Monday-Friday from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. (Flexible schedule).
Manatee Sighting Network:
If you live along a river, estuary, canal or coastal area in Florida, you can help provide valuable information to researchers who are tracking manatees. There is no membership requirement for manatee sighting network volunteers.
Speaking Presentations:
This position is available for volunteers 18 or older, living both in and outside of Florida. There is no membership requirement for volunteer presenters. Volunteers present about manatees and the Club to schools and other public groups, both virtually and in person. They should be knowledgeable (or eager to learn) about protecting manatees and their aquatic habitat. Materials will be provided.
Manatee Outreach Ambassador:
This position is available for volunteers living both in and outside of Florida, and a great opportunity for those who visit Florida. There is no age or membership requirement. Manatee Outreach Ambassadors will help Save the Manatee Club find public places to provide manatee information and outreach material, such as parks, marinas, tour operators, visitor centers, schools, and more. They will email suggestions to SMC staff. Training will be provided.
About Us
Our Vision and Mission
Staff
Contact Us
Jobs and Internships
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
How to Help
Report An Injury
Adopt-A-Manatee®
Renew Membership
Donate
Shop
Take Action!
Guardian Guides
Get Resources
Free Materials
For Boaters
For Swimmers & Divers
Volunteer
More Ways to Help
Manatees
Facts
Webcams
Viewing
FAQ
Reproduction
Sounds
Mortality
Population
Migration
Rescue and Rehab
Sirenians Of The World
Climate Change
Tracking
Education Materials
News
Press Releases
Opinion Editorials
Features
In the News
Press Resources/PSAs
Press Contact
Manatee Photos
Upcoming Events
Upcoming Events
Agenda
Agenda
Month
April 2020 – February 2021 Apr 2020 – Feb 2021
Collapse All
Expand All
Apr 16 Thu
Virtual Save the Manatee 5K – Sign Up for the Fun!
Tickets
Apr 16 – Dec 31 all-day
Run, walk, swim, kayak, cycle, rollerblade, hike — the possibilities are endless —  on a favorite course or trail near your home — all in support of manatees. You choose the date, place, time, and activity. All participants receive a race packet with a cute t-shirt, beautiful medal, and manatee race bib. Get more info and register at http://www.savethemanatee5k.com. Be sure to send us your photo!
Read more
Dec 12 Sat
Save the Manatee Club Education Day @Blue Spring State Park in Orange City, FL
Tickets
Dec 12 @ 10:00 am – 3:00 pm
Join Save the Manatee Club for a manatee education day at Blue Spring State Park. Learn more about manatees while you visit the park, and Adopt-A-Manatee for yourself or as a gift!
Read more
Jan 16 Sat
Florida Manatee Festival in Downtown Crystal River, FL
Tickets
Jan 16 @ 9:00 am – Jan 17 @ 4:00 pm
Come visit the Save the Manatee Club booth at the Florida Manatee Festival to learn more about manatees, pick up educational material and gifts, and Adopt-A-Manatee®. Saturday, Jan. 16th – 9:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. Sunday, Jan. 17th – 9:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m.
Read more
Feb 14 Sun
Tampa Teddy Bear Show/Donations for Manatees @ Holiday Inn Tampa Airport Westshore
Tickets
Feb 14 @ 10:00 am – 3:00 pm
Featuring artist, Steiff & vintage teddy bears/animals, and bear-making supplies. In addition Good Bears of the World will be joining us. Freewill donations will be accepted for Save The Manatee Club.
Read more
April 2020 – February 2021 Apr 2020 – Feb 2021
Subscribe
Add to Timely Calendar
Add to Google
Add to Outlook
Add to Apple Calendar
Add to other calendar
Export to XML
View Full Calendar