http://www.labsystems.fi/us/en/footer/refund-policy-.html
No offer available
Chemical Structure
Certificates
Safety Data Sheets
Order Status
Special Offers & Programs
Order By Catalog Number
Antibodies & Protein Biology
Antibodies & Protein Biology
Antibody Production and Purification
Electrophoresis, Western Blotting and ELISA
Precast Electrophoresis Gels
Primary & Secondary Antibodies
View All Antibodies
Antibodies Advanced Search
Biochemicals and Reagents
Biological Buffers
Custom Services and Products
Enzymes and Inhibitors
View All Protein Biology
View All Life Sciences
Balances, Scales & Weighing
Balances, Scales & Weighing
Balance Accessories
Calibration Weights
Laboratory Balances
Microbalances
Scales
Weighing Papers and Dishes
Cell Culture & Analysis
Cell Culture & Analysis
Cell Culture Dishes, Plates and Flasks
Cell Culture Media
Cryogenic Storage
Fetal Calf and Other Sera
Serological Pipettes
View All Cell Culture
Bioprocess Systems And Accessories
Cell Based Assays
Flow Cytometry
Microscopes and Cellular Imaging
View All Cell Analysis
View All Life Sciences
Custom DNA Oligos, RNAi & Assays
R&D Systems™ Luminex™ Assays Tool
Centrifuges & Microcentrifuges
Centrifuges & Microcentrifuges
Benchtop Centrifuges
Centrifugal Filter Devices
Centrifuge Accessories
Centrifuge Adapters
Centrifuge Buckets
Floor Model Centrifuges
Microcentrifuges
Rotors
Tubes and Bottles
Chromatography
Chromatography
Autosampler Vial Crimpers and Decappers
Autosampler Vials, Caps, and Closures
Chromatography and Mass Spectrometry Reagents
Chromatography Columns and Cartridges
Chromatography Syringes
Chromatography Water
Gases and Gas Accessories
Paper Chromatography Products
Solid Phase Extraction Products
TLC Products
Chemicals
Chemicals
Acids
Analytical and Chromatography
Biochemicals and Diagnostics
Bases
Heterocyclic Compounds
Chemical Substructure Search
Organic Compounds
Organometallics
Salts and Inorganics
Solutions and Buffers
Solvents
Standards
Equipment & Instruments
Equipment & Instruments
Balances, Scales and Weighing
Microscopes
pH Meters
Pumps and Tubing
Refractometers
Refrigerators and Cold Storage
Shakers, Rockers, and Rotators
Stirrers and Stir Bars
Thermometers
Timers
Forceps, Spatulas & Utensils
Forceps, Spatulas & Utensils
Clamps and Supports
Dissection and Surgical Tools
Knives and Scalpels
Samplers
Scissors
Spatulas
Stir Bars and Rods
Syringes and Syringes with Needles
Tongs
Tweezers and Forceps
Furniture, Storage, Carts & Hoods
Furniture, Storage, Carts & Hoods
Boxes and Shipping Supplies
Chairs and Stools
Carts
Desks and Workstations
Laboratory Hoods and Enclosures
Safety Cabinets
Shelving
Storage Cabinets
Supply Dispensers
Tables
Glassware & Plasticware
Glassware & Plasticware
Beakers
Bottles, Jars and Jugs
Carboys
Clamps, Stands and Supports
Coverslips
Dishes
Microplates
Racks for Tubes and Vials
Syringes and Dispensers
Tubes
Heating & Cooling
Heating and Cooling
Burners and Lighters
Heaters and Heating Mantles
Hotplates and Hotplate Stirrers
Incubators
Ovens
View All Heating Equipment
Freezers
Liquid Nitrogen Storage Equipment
Refrigerators
Refrigerators and Freezer Accessories
Insulated Containers
View All Cold Storage Products
PCR & Molecular Biology
PCR & Molecular Biology
Thermal Cyclers
PCR and qPCR Reagents and Kits
PCR Tubes
PCR Plates
Oligonucleotides
RNAi and RNA Reagents
DNA Extraction and Purification
View All PCR
Biochemicals and Reagents
Biological Buffers
View All Molecular Biology
View All Life Sciences
Oligos and RNAi Tools
Eurofins MWG Operon Oligos Tool
Invitrogen™ Custom DNA Oligos Tool
Invitrogen™ Custom RNAi Tool
pH and Electrochemistry
pH and Electrochemistry
Chlorine and pH Test Kits and Test Strips
Combination Ion Selective Electrodes
Dissolved Oxygen and BOD Probes
Electrochemistry
Electrodes and Accessories
Micro pH Electrodes
pH Meters
pH paper and Buffers
Portable Conductivity Meters
Portable Dissolved Oxygen Meters
Pipets, Pipettes, Syringes & Needles
Pipets, Pipettes, Syringes & Needles
Serological Pipets
Volumetric Pipets
Pipettes
Pipette Tips and Racks
Dispensers
All Pipets, Pipetters and Tips
Syringes and Syringes with Needles
Needles
Syringe Filters
Sharps Containers
All Syringes and Needles
Safety, Gloves, Glasses & Cleaning
Safety, Gloves, Glasses & Cleaning
Autoclave Bags
Biohazard Bags
Cleaning Supplies
Disposable Exam Gloves
First Responder Products
Glasses, Goggles, and Face Protection
Hazardous Material Storage and Disposal
Lab Coats, Aprons, and Apparel
Sharps Disposal Containers
Wipes and Absorbent Pads
Teaching Supplies
Teaching Supplies
Biology Classroom
Biotechnology
Chemistry Classroom
Classroom Furniture
Classroom Glassware and Plasticware
Classroom Safety
Classroom Science Lab Equipment
Environmental Science
Physics Classroom
STEM and Career Education
Testing & Filtration
Testing and Filtration
Bottle Tops and Filter Units
Extraction Thimbles
Filter Holders and Hardware
Filter Paper
Filtering Funnels
Food and Beverage Testing
Glass Fiber Filters and Prefilters
Membranes for Filtration
Syringe and Syringeless Filters
Water Testing and Environmental Analysis
Tubes & Vials
Tubes and Vials
Centrifuge Tubes
Microcentrifuge Tubes
PCR Tubes
Test Tubes
Tube Racks and Storage
Autosampler Vials, Caps, and Closures
Cryogenic Storage Vials
Sample Vials
Scintillation Vials
Vial Racks and Storage
RNAi, Oligos, and Assays Tools
RNAi, Oligos,and Assays Tools
Oligos Tools
Eurofins MWG Operon Oligos Tool
Invitrogen™ Custom DNA Oligos Tool
Invitrogen™ Custom RNAi Tool
Assay Tools
Applied Biosystems™ TaqMan® Assay and Arrays Search Tool
Applied Biosystems™ TaqMan® Custom Assay Design Tools
Applied Biosystems™ Custom qPCR Primers and TaqMan® Probes Tool
R&D Systems™ Luminex™ Assays Tool
See All Categories
My Lists
Account Profile
Order By Catalog Number
Register for an Account
Sign In
Please sign in to view account pricing and product availability.
Sign In
Don't have a profile?Register
Returns and Refund Policy
Welcome to Fisher Scientific Co. L.L.C., ("us," "we," "our," "Fisher Scientific," "Fisher," or "Distributor"), a Web site focused on the sale of laboratory, healthcare, and safety products ("Products") to businesses and other entities via the Internet. In order to help make our site ("Web site") a trustworthy and safe place to buy goods, all users ("you", "your" or "Subscriber") of our service are required to accept and comply with our Web Site Use Agreement, which includes acceptance of, and compliance with, all of the terms and conditions provided herein, as amended from time to time.
This Web site provides an Internet-based venue for the sale and purchase of Products distributed by Fisher and manufactured by Fisher, and other leading manufacturers and suppliers (our "Suppliers"). This Web Site Use Agreement explains the contractual agreement between you and us regarding your use of our Web site, as well as the terms and conditions applicable to your purchase of Products on our Web site (collectively, the "Terms of Use").
If you have any questions regarding Fisher Scientific's Return/Refund Policy, please contact us at 1-800-766-7000.
Your use of the Web site signifies your legal and binding agreement to all the terms and conditions set forth in our Web Site Use Agreement, in any privacy policy, as well as any other agreement related to your use of this Web site including, but not limited to, any terms and conditions of purchase.
Fisher Scientific can be contacted by mail at 300 Industry Drive, Pittsburgh, PA 15275, Attention: Communications Dept.; or by online form here. The Web server on which this Web site is housed is owned and maintained by Fisher Scientific.
Terms of our Return/Refund Policy are outlined below and apply to www.fishersci.com. Our Web site also includes separate sections outlining our Shipping Policy and our Privacy Policy.
Return/Refund Policy
Incomplete Transactions and Cancellations of Orders.
Termination Prior to Shipment. Subscriber may cancel an order prior to pickup by Designated Shipper at Supplier's shipping point. In such case, no payment will be due Distributor.
Termination Subsequent to Shipment and Prior to Acceptance. Subsequent to pickup by the Designated Shipper, but prior to Acceptance of Products, as provided above, Subscriber may cancel an Order by contacting Distributor within the five (5) day Acceptance Period provided above. Distributor will provide Subscriber with disposition instructions, and may charge the Subscriber for shipping expenses and restocking fees.
Product Returns.
All returns, replacements, technical services and support shall be handled by Distributor's customer service organization as follows: Products described below may be returned to Distributor within 30 days for replacement or adjustment. To assure prompt handling, Subscriber must obtain a Return Goods Authorization Number ("RGA Number") from Distributor and reference this number on return shipping documents. Returns made without the RGA Number will be returned to Subscriber, freight collect. Distributor reserves the right to reverse any credit issued to Subscriber: (i) for any Product not returned after authorization and requested by Distributor; or, (ii) if, upon return, such Product is determined by Distributor not to be defective. Distributor will grant full credit for: (i) Products not supplied in accordance with Subscriber's orders; and, (ii) Products which are defective at the time of receipt by the Subscriber. Distributor will grant partial credit for Products ordered in error, with the exceptions noted below. Product returns for Products ordered in error are subject to a 15% restocking charge plus any applicable charges for necessary inspection, reworking or refurbishing, or for items not normally cataloged by Distributor. Hazardous materials authorized for return must be packed, labeled and shipped in accordance with DOT regulations governing transportation of hazardous materials and any other applicable requirements. Distributor will not grant credit for: (i) Products which have been discontinued; (ii) Products which are personalized or customized; (iii) Non-Distributor line products supplied to Subscriber as an accommodation, including, without limitation, third party purchases; (iv) Products not purchased from Distributor; (v) Refrigerated or temperature controlled Products; (vi) Products which are outdated, shelf-worn, used or defaced and, therefore, unsuitable for return to stock and resale as new; (vii) reagents, diagnostics, or chemicals which have been opened; (viii) Products that have been shipped outside the United States; and (ix) certain medical device products.
The Fisherbrand Guarantee.
Solely with respect to Fisherbrand Products purchased in the US, they may be returned for any reason within 30 days of purchase for full credit of the purchase price (excluding freight) with the following exclusions: (i) Products not purchased from Distributor; (ii) Refrigerated or temperature controlled Products; (iii) reagents, diagnostics, or chemicals which have been opened; (iv)Equipment and instruments with a purchase price of $1,000 or more; (v) Products that have been shipped outside the United States; and (vi) certain medical device products.
This offer is not available to our current or potential healthcare customers. Healthcare customers include any healthcare practitioner, other healthcare provider or any individual or organization authorized to prescribe, dispense, purchase or influence the acquisition or use of medical devices or supplies for clinical use. Healthcare customers include, without limitation, any “Health Care Practitioner” under the Massachusetts Marketing Code of Conduct Law (defined at 105 C.M.R §907.004) or a “Health Care Provider” under the Vermont Prescribed Products Gift Ban and Disclosure Law (defined at Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 18, §4631a(8)). By participating in this promotion, you warrant that you are not a current or potential healthcare customer. Thermo Fisher Scientific reserves the right to determine your status in the event of a dispute and to change the terms of this guarantee at any time in its discretion.
Product Warranty and Disclaimer.
Orders placed for Products on this Web site are subject only to the relevant manufacturer's standard commercial warranty terms in effect at the time of Order placement by Subscriber, which warranty terms shall be made available to Subscriber to the fullest extent possible through Distributor. We warrant only that the Products delivered shall conform substantially with the description of such Products as provided on our Web site. THIS WARRANTY IS EXCLUSIVE AND WE MAKE NO OTHER WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Your exclusive remedy against Distributor and any Supplier with respect to Products proved to our satisfaction to be defective or nonconforming shall be the replacement of such Product without charge or refund of the purchase price, upon the return of such Product in accordance with our instructions prior to Acceptance. IN NO EVENT SHALL DISTRIBUTOR, DISTRIBUTOR'S SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES, OR ANY SUPPLIER BE LIABLE UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY IN TORT OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND) FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF WE OR ANY OF OUR SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES OR SUPPLIERS HAD NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IF WE DELIVER CUSTOM GOODS FOR YOU BASED ON INSTRUCTIONS, SPECIFICATIONS, OR OTHER DIRECTIONS YOU PROVIDE TO US, DISTRIBUTOR, OUR SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES AND SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE LACK OF SUFFICIENCY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR QUALITY OF THE GOODS TO THE EXTENT ATTRIBUTABLE TO SUCH INSTRUCTIONS, SPECIFICATIONS, OR OTHER DIRECTIONS.
Other Restrictions.
This policy is subject to change without notice by Fisher Scientific. This policy is further subject to modification or revision as Fisher Scientific may deem appropriate or necessary to comply with applicable federal, state, local and international laws, rules and regulations, and any other applicable regulatory agency guidelines and restrictions.
Fisher Scientific can be contacted by mail at 300 Industry Drive, Pittsburgh, PA 15275, Attention: Communications Dept.; or or by online form here. The Web server on which this Web site is housed is owned and maintained by Fisher Scientific.
Fisher Scientific is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other Web sites that are hyperlinked to or from fishersci.com.