https://www.colchester-zoo.com/covid-19-questions/how-can-you-help/
Book Tickets
Discover
View All
Bringing The Zoo To You
Colchester Zoo App
Audio Encounters
Our Animals
Play Areas
Lost Madagascar Train
Face Painting Station
Interactive Area
Dining
The Outpost
Plan Your Visit
View All
Book Tickets
Information & FAQs
Opening Times
Zoo Map
Zoo Passes
Encounters
Accessibility
Where to Stay
Getting Here
Schools & Groups
What’s On
View All
News
Events
Experiences
View All
Exclusive Elephant or Giraffe Feeding
Keeper for the Day
Keeper Shadowing
Birthday Parties
Kids Zoo Academy
Team Building
Perfect Moments
EXTRA-Ordinary Experience
Hen Parties
Experience Gift Vouchers
Our Mission
View All
Support Us
Animal Adoptions
Conservation at The Zoo
Action For The Wild
UmPhafa Reserve
Corporate Opportunities
Research
Enclosure Design
Environmental Enrichment
About
Support Us
Gift Vouchers
Adoption
Careers
Education
Press & Media
Contact Us
COVID-19 FAQs
How Can You Help
Quick Links
Info & FAQs
Safe Visits
Online Shop
Support Us
We need you to help save our Zoo!
We have never needed your help more than now.
Together, with your help we can win the fight, without it we fear for the future.
Read about why we need your help here
How can you help?
There are many ways you can support Colchester Zoo and its charity Action for the Wild!
Find out ways you can help below.
Become a Zoo Passholder
Join the Colchester Zoo familyfrom just £45.99 per child!
Buy a Zoo Pass here
Adopt an Animal
Adopt an animal from just £49.99to help cover animal welfare costs.
Adopt an animal here
Donate
Lend a helping hand by donatingto our Emergency Operating Fund.
Donate here
Visit Us
Explore the Animal Kingdom knowing your ticket purchase helps towards the zoo’s daily running costs.
Book your adventure here
Treat Someone
Buy a Gift Voucher & treat a loved one to a special gift providing memories to treasure for a lifetime.
Buy a gift here
Legacies
Leave a legacy to Colchester Zoo’s charity,Action for the Wild & help save endangered species.
Find out more here
Safe & Enjoyable VisitsVisiting FAQsZoo PassholdersE-ticket BookingsAnimal Experience BookingsTesco Voucher EnquiryZoo Gift Vouchers
Newsletter Signup
Sign up to our newsletter for all the latest deals, news and more!
Subscribe To Our Newsletter
Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience and analyse our website traffic. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website however you can opt-out if you wish. You can change your mind about your consent choices at any time by returning to this site. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.