http://www.sky-watch.com/about-sky-watch/privacy-policy/
Defense & Security
Products & Services
UAV Platforms
Heidrun
Heidrun EO/IR
Heidrun Mapping
Heidrun Radio Relay
Huginn X2
Cumulus
Ground Control Components
Software
Payloads and Sensors
Contact
Integration & Partnerships
Support
About Sky-Watch
SKY-WATCH PRIVACY POLICY
Home
About Sky-Watch
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
SKY-WATCH is committed to safeguarding the privacy of visitors to our Sites and the pages therein and users of the other services (“Services”) available through our Sites.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not proceed to further Sites of Sky-Watch.
The Sites include the Corporate Website sky-watch.com, the service & support portal support.sky-watch.com.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By using this Site, you consent to our collection and use of information set forth in this Privacy Policy. Please do not use the Site if you are below the age of 16.
“User Information” means all personally identifiable information and any other forms of information discussed in the Privacy Policy, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address of a user’s computer.
The Privacy Policy details our commitment to protect your information and the limited manner in which we will use that information to provide and improve our provision of the Services. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, process and use your Personal data when you visit and/or use (register) the Site to ensure that the information you provide us remains private and are used only for the purposes set forth herein.
Sky-Watch will collect, process and use your personal data in compliance with the principles of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and in accordance with the principles described below.
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
IF YOU ARE A VISITOR OF THE SITE
Personal data that we collect, process and use in connection with the Site includes not only information that we actively collect while you interact with the Site but also information that you voluntarily provide to us over the Site in various contexts (e.g., when you download documentation from our Site, when you send an e-mail to our customer service, when you fill in an online form etc.). When you register for our Sky-watch Service & Support portal, additional data is collected, therefore please refer to “If you register on our Site”.
In order to improve navigation on its Site, Sky-watch uses the following types of cookies and technologies in connection with the Site and collects certain data during your visit:
The Site uses cookies which are essential to make the Site work correctly and are strictly necessary in order to enable you to move around the Site and use its features.Cookies are small text files that our Site can send to your browser for storage on your hard drive or any device used for Internet consultation. Cookies can make your use of our Site easier by saving your status and preferences upon visits to our Site. The cookies are refreshed every time you enter the Site. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you may be able to change the settings to refuse cookies or to be alerted when cookies are being sent. We may use cookies to enable the Site to customize some of its information for your convenience, such as “remembering” the language you selected; and in some instances, to associate you with your user information. For example, through the use of cookies we may provide a service so that you can login automatically and thereby save you time. Although rejection of cookies will not interfere with your ability to interact with most of our Site, you may need to accept cookies in order to login and use certain interactive Services on the Site.
We set cookies from a series of advertising systems. These cookies are used to be able to target you with relevant advertising following your visit on the site. This data is not personal data and we will not store personal data like IP addresses. We currently use the following systems: Adform, Oath, Google Ads, Facebook and LinkedIn.
The Site uses Google analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer to help analyze the use of the Site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this Site (including your IP address) is sent to a Google server in the U.S. and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the Site, compiling reports on Site activity for Site operators and providing other Site activity and internet related services. In addition, Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law or if third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by changing the settings on your browser, we would point out, however, that you can use in this case not all the features of this Site. By using this site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described and for the aforementioned purpose. You can withdraw your consent to the data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future. Alternatively, you can opt Add-on use of Google Analytics, if available for your browser.
The Site uses Google Tag Manager. Google Tag Manager is a service provided by Google. The Google Tag Manager is a platform / code management tool. The tool does not collect any Personal data, but causes the triggering of other tags, which may contain your data. Google Tag Manager does not access this data. If disabling is done at the domain or cookie level, it will persist for all tracking tags that are implemented with Google Tag Manager.
The Site and Sky-Watch in general uses MailChimp as a newsletter service platform. When signing up to our newsletter and filling out the sign up-form, the entered data (e-mail and name) is stored in the MailChimp platform and only used when newsletters are sent out. You can un-subscribe to the Newsletter by sending an email to marketing@sky-watch.com or using the un-subscribe link in the footer the individual newsletter.
By using our Site, you accept this Privacy Policy. Some forms on our Site also include a check box asking you for permission for us to process data. By clicking Yes, you consent your approval concerning the processing of data collected about you in the above-mentioned manner and for the purpose described. You can modify your cookies settings, or refuse to accept cookies at all, thus limiting the amount of Personal data that we receive about you. The “Help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers tells you how to prevent (opt out) your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Please be aware, however, that you might then not be able to take advantage of some functions and features of the Site.
IF YOU GET IN TOUCH WITH US OR REGISTER ON OUR SITE
If you – in addition to visiting our Site – get in touch with us through the contact form, or if you register and send us communication, while at our Site,
we collect and store the Personal data you provide through this process (e.g. name, company, e-mail, phone number), username and if applicable your username and password.
If you fill out forms on the site,
we will register that action and pass the information to our advertising systems. We do not pass personal information about who you are, but just the information that you performed this action. This data is used to target you with relevant advertising messages.
If you engage in a transaction while logged on to our Site (e.g. in the case of a question concerning our products, organizing shipments, technical problem or service returns), then
we collect and store information about the transaction,
we will further process data if it is necessary for entering or performing a contract or
if it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which Sky-watch is subject.
If you send us communications, then
we may collect such communications in a file specific to you.
ACCESS and removal of YOUR INFORMATION
ACCESSING, CORRECTING, AND UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
If you have submitted personal information to Sky-Watch through the Site, or if someone else has submitted your personal information through the Site you can:
Receive, access, correct or update your Personal Information by sending an email to marketing@sky-watch.com
REMOVAL OF PERSONAL DATA
Upon your request, we will remove your Personal data from our database. If Personal data is removed, you will lose access to the parts of the Site for which you must provide such Personal data to gain access. After removal, we will only retain copies of such information as are necessary for us to perform a contract, comply with legal obligations, protect the vital interest of the data subject or are otherwise reasonably necessary. Removed and deleted information may persist in backup copies for no longer than is legally permissible, will not be available to others and will normally be overwritten within the regular course of business. Any Personal data provided as a part of a transaction represents a record of that business transaction that cannot be altered after the transaction is complete.
MISCELLANEOUS
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
The Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of User Information collected by Sky-Watch. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Such other websites are not controlled by us. When you visit such other website you do so at your own risk. Sky-Watch cannot, and does not, assume any responsibility or liability for such other websites, the content of such websites and their privacy practices, nor do we endorse them.
SECURITY
This Site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. Sky-Watch and its sub-contractors have implemented technology and security features and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of your Personal data from unauthorized access or improper use, and we will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Sky-Watch may change the Privacy Policy from time to time with or without notice, so please check it regularly for any changes or updates. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. If you are registered and where the changes are significant, we may also choose to email with the new details. Where required by law, will we obtain your consent to make these changes.
Your use of the Site constitutes your agreement to the Privacy Policy and your assent to any modification thereto. If you do not agree with any of these terms in, please do not use this Site or submit any personal information.
SKY-WATCH
ØSTRE ALLÉ 6F
DK-9530 STØVRING
DENMARK
CVR/VAT 32653847
This policy was last updated on 05 February 2019.
Cookies