https://www.careermagnifier.com/terms-of-use/
This website is created and controlled by Career Magnifier.
You assume all responsibilities and obligations, both statutory and contractual as they apply in your country of residence, with respect to the use of our services and the use of any information derived either directly or indirectly from it and for any decisions or advice given as a result of the use of our services or any applications of the information provided through its use.
This Agreement is governed by and in accordance with the laws of New South Wales, Australia and the parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales, Australia. Any legal matters arising will commence and conclude within the jurisdiction of the NSW Courts.
By using this website you agree to abide by the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement. If you do not agree to abide by these terms and conditions do not use this website.
Acknowledgments
You acknowledge that any Report provided by Career Magnifier is based solely on information provided by you in response to an online questionnaire and that we cannot warrant the accuracy or truthfulness of your response.
Third Party Sites
As a convenience to you, Career Magnifier may provide, on this site, links to websites operated by other entities. If you use these sites, you will leave this site. If you decide to visit any linked site, you do so at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements. Career Magnifier makes no warranty or representation regarding, and does not endorse, any linked websites or the information appearing thereon or any of the products or services described thereon. Links do not imply that Career Magnifier endorses, is affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorised to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol displayed in or accessible through the links, or that any linked site is authorised to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol of Career Magnifier. All links to this site must be approved by Career Magnifier. Career Magnifier reserves the right to revoke this consent to link at any time in its sole discretion.
Information Provided By You
Any personal information you may provide to Career Magnifier via this site is protected by the Privacy Policy associated with this site. You will be sending confidential information via this site should you access a report. This information will be considered confidential. By providing this information to Career Magnifier you agree that it may be used for research purposes by Career Magnifier to develop ideas and concepts within the site. You further recognise that Career Magnifier does not want you to provide any information or materials to Career Magnifier that is defamatory, threatening, obscene, harassing, or otherwise unlawful, or that incorporates the proprietary material of another.
Limitation of Liability
The information contained in our reports or analyses should not be used or relied upon as the sole determiner for the purposes of your employment or other career or vocational matter. You should consider your own personal situation in addition to the information generated from our services and seek professional assistance having regard to your particular personal circumstances.
In no event shall we be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data, profit earnings, or lost opportunities, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of our services whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise even if Career Magnifier has been advised of the possibility of damages.
Under no circumstances shall Career Magnifier be held liable for any delay or failure in performance resulting directly or indirectly from acts of nature, forces, or causes beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation, incorrect email addresses, internet failures, computer equipment failures, other equipment failures, or non performance of third parties.
Where liability cannot be excluded, any liability incurred by us in relation to the use of this website or the content is limited as provided under s 68A of the Trade Practices Act 1974 (Cth).
Changes
Career Magnifier reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of this Agreement in whole or in part, at any time. Changes in this Agreement will be effective when notice of such change is posted. Your continued use of the site after any changes to this Agreement are posted will be considered as acceptance of those changes.
Copyright and trademark information
Career Magnifier reserves all rights in the content and design of this site. Unless permitted in writing by Career Magnifier, you may not reproduce, use or copy any content on this site including names, logos and any other material licensed to Career Magnifier. You may not use commercially any information, products or services on this website and you may not cause any of the material on this website to be framed or embedded into another website without written permission from Career Magnifier.
You may not modify, adapt or create derivative works based on or contained in our services or any associated written material accompanying or produced by us. You may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble our services or any associated written material accompanying or produced by it. Without limitation this restriction shall apply in respect of the questionnaire and reports generated in this website.
Myers-Briggs Type Indicator, Myers-Briggs, and MBTI are trademarks or registered trademarks of the MBTI Trust, Inc., in the United States and other countries.
Warranties
Career Magnifier makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, with respect to our services, its medium, any written material accompanying it, or produced by it, its use, suitability, reliability, accuracy, performance or results, its merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.
Virus protection
Career Magnifier makes every effort to check and test material at all stages of production. It is always wise for users to run an anti-virus program on all material downloaded from the Internet. Career Magnifier cannot accept any responsibility for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or your computer system which may occur whilst using material from this site.
Payments
All transactions are processed in Australian dollars.
Delivery of Services
Once your payment has been processed, your report will be sent to the email address you provided to us at the time of your purchase.
Refund Policy
Client satisfaction is very important to us. If you have any questions or concerns about your purchase, please contact us immediately. Refunds are made via the method of payment you used to make your purchase.
Disclaimer
The materials on this site may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. Career Magnifier does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the materials or the reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed or distributed through the website. You acknowledge that any reliance on any such opinion, advice, statement, report, or information shall be at your own risk. Career Magnifier disclaims liability for errors and omissions in the contents of this website. Career Magnifier reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the site. Career Magnifier may make any other changes to the site, the material and the products, programs, services and fees described in the site at any time without notice.
Please do not proceed any further into the Career Magnifier website unless you accept the following conditions:
No liability is accepted to any person for loss or damages incurred as a result of reliance upon material contained at this website. You acknowledge that any suggestions made or reports generated by Career Magnifier in connection with occupational choices are intended as a guide only and not as a guarantee of success, or otherwise, of any proposed career path.
Career Magnifier accepts no responsibility for checking the accuracy of data, programs or any materials accessed through this site. We expressly disclaim liability for errors and omissions in the contents of this website.
By entering the site, you will be deemed to have released and discharged Career Magnifier from all liability which might arise, including liability in respect of any defamatory material on any database or in respect of any dealings with any work (including software) in which you hold any copyright or other intellectual property right.
By entering the site, you will be assuming all risks associated with use of the site, including risk of your computer, software or data being damaged by any virus which might be transmitted or activated via the Career Magnifier site or your access to it.
Reference in this website to any specific commercial products, processes, or services, or the use of any trade, firm or corporation name is for the information and convenience of the public, and does not constitute endorsement, or recommendation.
You have read and accept the terms of the Privacy Policy, Terms and Conditions of Use, and this Disclaimer.