http://www.qedbio.com/terms/
Skip to content
Terms & Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of QED Bioscience Inc.. The collective work includes works that are licensed to QED Bioscience Inc.. Copyright 2020, QED Bioscience Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with QED Bioscience Inc. or purchasing QED Bioscience Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with QED Bioscience Inc. or to purchase QED Bioscience Inc. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by QED Bioscience Inc.. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of QED Bioscience Inc. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of QED Bioscience Inc.
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, QED Bioscience Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. QED Bioscience Inc. does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
QED Bioscience Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a QED Bioscience Inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, QED Bioscience Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. QED Bioscience Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, QED Bioscience Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by QED Bioscience Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
QED Bioscience Inc. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to QED Bioscience Inc..
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of QED Bioscience Inc. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of QED Bioscience Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. QED Bioscience Inc.’s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. QED Bioscience Inc. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a QED Bioscience Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
QED Bioscience Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, QED Bioscience Inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, QED Bioscience Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to QED Bioscience Inc. in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless QED Bioscience Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, QED Bioscience Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with QED Bioscience Inc., QED Bioscience Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of QED Bioscience Inc.. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, QED Bioscience Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
TOLL-FREE
(800) 929-2114
INTERNATIONAL
+1 (858) 675-2405
© 2020 QED Bioscience Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
Search for:
ANTIBODIES
VIEW ALL ANTIBODIES >
Agriculture & Food Science
Anti-Immunoglobulin
Apoptosis
Autophagy
Biowarfare
Cancer Research
Coagulation Factors
DNA/RNA/Oxidative Damage
Drug Antibodies
Enzymes & Enzyme Inhibitors
Epitope Tags
Growth Factors/Cytokines/Receptors
Heat Shock & Stress Proteins
Hormones & Serum Proteins
Infectious Disease
Ion Channel Antibodies
Matrix Protein/MMP Antibodies
Neuroscience & Signal Transduction
Phospho-Specific Antibodies
Protein Transcription
Reproductive Biology
Secondary Antibodies
Stem Cell Markers
Image Column
PROTEINS
Recombinant Proteins
Chemokines
ANTIGENS
SERION Immunologics Viral, Bacterial, Fungi & Protozoa
Coronavirus Research Tools
KITS
Infectious Disease Research Test Kits
Surf’s Up® Surfactant Kit
GEM ELISA Kit
CELL CULTURE PRODUCTS
BriClone Hybridoma Cloning Medium
CUSTOM SERVICES
Custom Antibody Services
In vitro Monoclonal Antibody Production
Ascites Production
Polyclonal Rabbit Antibody Production
Hybridoma / Monoclonal Antibody Development
Anti-Idiotype Monoclonal Antibody Development
Antibody Purification
Peptide Synthesis
ELISA Development and Testing
Cell Culture Services
Hybridoma Optimization
Mycoplasma Testing
Cell Line Storage and Cell Banking
Login
About QED
QED Blog
ContactAdvanced Antibody Discovery
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Stay in Touch
×
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Username *
Email address *
Password *
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register