http://www.mydreamvisions.com/pages/terms/
Home
Buy an Interpretation
Interpretation Samples
Interpreting your Dreams
Increasing Dream Recall
Determining Dream Type
Developing Dream Intuition
DREAM DICTIONARY
DREAM ANALYZER
DREAM QUIZ
About Nancy Wagaman, M.A.
Contact
Feedback
Search
TERMS OF AGREEMENT
THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND APPLIED CONSCIOUS TECHNOLOGIES, LLC, STATING THE TERMS
THAT GOVERN YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH IT AND YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE AND ITS SERVICES AND PRODUCTS.
THIS AGREEMENT TOGETHER WITH ALL UPDATES, DISCLAIMERS, AND POLICIES COLLECTIVELY CONSTITUTE THE
"AGREEMENT" BETWEEN YOU AND APPLIED CONSCIOUS TECHNOLOGIES, LLC. TO AGREE TO THESE TERMS,
CLICK TO CHECK THE BOX AT LEFT INDICATING THAT YOU AGREE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT
CHECK THE AGREE BOX AND DO NOT USE THE WEBSITE, SERVICES, OR PRODUCTS. YOU MUST ACCEPT AND ABIDE BY
THESE TERMS AS PRESENTED TO YOU: CHANGES, ADDITIONS, OR DELETIONS ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE, AND APPLIED
CONSCIOUS TECHNOLOGIES, LLC, MAY REFUSE TO DELIVER SERVICES OR MAY DENY WEBSITE ACCESS FOR
NONCOMPLIANCE WITH ANY PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. For the purpose of this Agreement, "AC
Technologies" shall refer to Applied Conscious Technologies, LLC, which provides services
through this website, and "I" and "User" shall refer to yourself (the website
user and, if you are placing an order, orderer and purchaser of services). Headings in this
Agreement are for organization only. This agreement governs all interactions and communications
between AC Technologies and User, including but not limited to communications that the User accesses
in any form and communications directed solely to the User; this website; and all verbal, written,
audio, and video communications. This Agreement supersedes and cancels all other previous
Agreements, negotiations, commitments, discussions, and writings between you and AC Technologies and
its members. This Agreement may not be released, discharged, abandoned, changed, or modified in any
manner except by written approval from AC Technologies. The provisions of this Agreement shall be
severable and the invalidity or illegality of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the
validity or legality of the remaining provisions hereof. The waiver by either of the parties hereto
of any breach of any provisions hereof by the other party shall not be construed to be either a
waiver of any succeeding breach of any provisions or a waiver of the provision itself.
WEBSITE TERMS. I acknowledge and agree that all content and services available on this site are
property of AC Technologies and its advertisers and licensors and are protected by copyrights, moral
rights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets, and other proprietary rights and laws, in
the US and internationally. All rights not expressly granted herein are fully reserved by AC
Technologies, its advertisers and licensors. Except as may be explicitly permitted through this
site, I agree not to rent, lease, sell, transmit, copy, modify, publish, distribute, reproduce,
license, publicly display or perform, or create derivative works from content, materials, code on or
from this site, or directly from AC Technologies. It is prohibited to systematically retrieve data
or other content from this site to create or compile a compilation, collection, directory, or
database without written permission from AC Technologies. In addition, use of the content or
materials for any purpose not expressly permitted in this Agreement is prohibited. I agree that I
shall not attempt to reverse engineer, reverse assemble, reverse compile, decompile, disassemble,
translate or otherwise alter any executable code, contents or materials on or received via this
site. I understand that such actions are likely to subject I to serious civil and criminal legal
penalties and that AC Technologies shall pursue such penalties to the full extent of the law to
protect its rights and the rights of its other licensors.
USER'S LICENSE GRANT TO SITE. Except with regard to personal information, all information
which I post on this site or communicate to AC Technologies through this site (collectively
"Submissions") shall forever be the property of AC Technologies. I agree to the site rules
found here as part of this Agreement if provided on the site by AC Technologies. AC Technologies
shall not treat any submission as confidential and shall not incur any liability as a result of any
similarities that may appear in future AC Technologies services or products. Without copy, AC
Technologies shall have exclusive ownership of all present and future existing rights to any
submission of every kind and nature everywhere. I acknowledge that I am fully responsible for my
submission, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright. I
hereby represent and warrant that my submission does not infringe on the rights of any third
party.
USER CONDUCT. By using features of this site that allow me to post or otherwise transmit
information to or through this site, I will not take actions or post content which may be seen by
other users that: 1) is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, fraudulent,
deceptive, invasive of any individual's privacy, obscene, tortious, sexually explicit, or
otherwise in violation of this site's rules or policies; 2) intimidates, victimizes, degrades,
or harasses an individual or group on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race,
ethnicity, age, or disability; 2) infringes any patent, trademark, servicemark, trade secret,
copyright, right of publicity, moral right, privacy, or other proprietary right of any party; 3)
constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk email (spamming), chain letters,
any other form of unauthorized solicitation, or any form of lottery or gambling; 4) contains
software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs that are designed or intended to
disrupt, limit, or damage the functioning of any software, hardware, or equipment or to damage or
obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information; or 5) impersonates any person or
entity. I also agree that I shall not harvest or collect information about the users of this site or
use such information for the purpose of transmitting or facilitating transmission of unsolicited
bulk electronic email or communications for any other commercial purpose of my own or a third party.
I further agree that I shall not solicit or collect information, or attempt to induce any physical
contact with, anyone 18 years old or younger without appropriate prior verifiable express parental
consent.
This site generally does not pre-screen, monitor, or edit the content posted by users of this
site. However, this site and its agents have the right, at their sole discretion, to remove any
content that, in this site's sole judgment, does not comply with the site rules or is otherwise
harmful, objectionable, or inaccurate. This site is not liable for any failure, delay, damages or
results, in removing such content. I agree that my use of this site may be suspended or terminated
immediately upon receipt of any notice which alleges that I have used this site in violation of
these Rules and/or for any purpose that violates any local, state, federal or law of other nations,
including but not limited to the posting of information that may violate third party rights, that
may defame a third party, that may be obscene or pornographic, that may harass or assault others,
that may violate hacking or other criminal regulations, of its agents, officers, directors,
contractors or employees etc. In such event, I agree that the owner of this site may disclose my
identity and contact information, if requested by a government or law enforcement body or as a
result of a subpoena or other legal action, and the owner of this site shall not be liable for
damages or results thereof, and I agree not to bring any action or claim against the owner of this
site for such disclosure.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. The site design, code, text, content, selection and arrangement of
elements, organization, graphics, compilation, magnetic translation, digital conversion, and other
matters related to the site are protected under applicable copyright laws, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. The
posting of any such elements on the site does not constitute a waiver of any right in such elements.
I do not acquire ownership rights to any such elements viewed through the site. Except as otherwise
provided herein, none of these elements may be used, copied, reproduced, downloaded, posted,
displayed, transmitted, modified, or distributed in any form or by any means, including, without
limitation, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without AC
Technologies' prior written permission.
EXPORT. I agree that I shall comply with all applicable export and import control laws and
regulations in your use of this site, or materials or services received through this site, and, in
particular, you shall not export or re-export anything on or received through this site in violation
of local or foreign export laws and/or without all required U.S. and foreign government
licenses.
TRADEMARKS. "Applied Conscious Technologies" is property of AC Technologies. All other
trademarks, product names, company names, logos, service marks, and/or trade dress mentioned,
displayed, cited, or otherwise indicated on this site are the property of their respective owners.
The use or misuse of any marks or any other materials contained on this site, without the prior
written permission of their owner, is expressly prohibited.
SECURITY. I agree that if I am issued a login account, I shall make every effort to prevent
access to this site through my username and password by anyone other than me, including but not
limited to, keeping such information strictly confidential, notifying AC Technologies immediately if
I find that my login information has been compromised in a way that someone else could gain access
to my account, and by using a secure username and password that cannot be guessed by someone
else.
ERRORS. While every effort is made to ensure accuracy of information on this site, the site may
contain errors. We reserve the right to make corrections and changes to all aspects of this site
without notice. (If you notice any content that you believe to contain an error, please notify us
via the Contact page on this site.
EXTERNAL LINKS. This site may contain links to third-party sites. I acknowledge that AC
Technologies take no responsibility for sites they do not own, and I agree to proceed at my own risk
and discretion. These sites are not monitored by or under the control of AC Technologies. I
acknowledge that AC Technologies is not responsible for the accuracy, decency, copyright compliance,
legality, or any other aspect of the contents or or transmissions through these sites. The inclusion
of an external link or frame does not imply any endorsement by AC Technologies, its advertisers or
licensors, any association with its operators and is provided solely for my convenience. I agree
that AC Technologies and its licensors have no liability whatsoever from such third party sites and
my usage of them.
DISCLAIMER AND TERMS OF SERVICE. Information provided by AC Technologies through services offered
on this site represents intuitive impressions and is not guaranteed or implied as accurate, nor is a
guarantee of any results or particular outcome implied. I am solely responsible for how and whether
I interpret and apply content from AC Technologies or its written content and communications, and I
am solely responsible for any risks and results of doing so. I assume all responsibility for my
decisions, lack of decisions, and decisions-by-default and their results and ramifications and all
actions based thereon. By requesting services or using this site, I agree to indemnify AC
Technologies and its members and employees, its communications, and those acting on its behalf
from all legal claims (libel, defamation, breach of privacy, intellectual property, or otherwise)
and from all liabilities and expenses, including any legal expenses. Services are not intended as
medical, legal, or other advice, or a replacement for professional treatment or consultation. I
acknowledge that I have been advised to consult a medical professional if at any time I am
experiencing physical or psychological problems. All information, use of this site, and services are
provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. AC Technologies reserves the right to
refuse service to anyone for any reason, and the right to refuse to provide certain information (at
its discretion).
Under no circumstances shall AC Technologies, speakers, advertisers and/or its licensors be
liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result
from, or arise out of the use of, or inability to use, this site, the information contained on or
received through use of this site, or any services or products offered on this site. This limitation
applies whether the alleged liability is based on contract, tort, negligence, strictly liability, or
any other basis, even if AC Technologies, advertisers and/or its licensors have been advised of the
possibility of such damage. In jurisdictions that do not allow the exclusion or limitation of
incidental or consequential damages, AC Technologies, advertisers and/or its respective
licensors' liability in such jurisdictions shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by
law of a company based in California.
CONFIDENTIALITY. (For Business Services) AC Technologies agrees not to disclose outside of my
company its proprietary information or trade secrets that I disclose in the course of work performed
under this Agreement. This obligation of confidentiality shall not apply to information that, in the
providing of services to me: 1) becomes publicly known through no fault of AC Technologies or its
individual members; 2) I or my company approves for disclosure; 3) AC Technologies possessed or had
access to before disclosure by me; or 4) AC Technologies independently comes to possess without use
of confidential information.
INDEMNIFICATION. I and my company agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless AC Technologies
and its members and employees, its communications, and those acting on its behalf, from and against
all third party claims for losses, claims, damages, expenses or liabilities (including attorney
fees) and agree to pay any attorneys fees or litigation costs that may be incurred by AC
Technologies or its individual members as a result of information, representation, reports or data
furnished by me or my company, by use of this site, or any violation of this Agreement. AC
Technologies reserves the right, at it own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of
any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by my, in which event I shall cooperate with AC
Technologies in asserting any available defenses. No warranties or guarantees of results are
expressed or implied.
LEGAL COMPLIANCE. AC Technologies may suspend or terminate this Agreement or User's use
immediately upon receipt of any notice which alleges that User has used this site for any purpose
that violates any local, state, federal or law of other nations, including but not limited to the
posting of information that may violate third party rights, that may defame a third party, that may
be obscene or pornographic, that may harass or assault others, that may violate hacking or other
criminal regulations of its agents, officers, directors, contractors or employees etc. In such
event, AC Technologies may disclose the user's identity and contact information, if requested by
a government or law enforcement body or as a result of a subpoena or other legal action, and AC
Technologies shall not be liable for damages or results thereof and User agrees not to bring any
action or claim against AC Technologies for such disclosure.
CHOICE OF LAW AND FORUM. This site (excluding third party linked sites) is controlled by AC
Technologies from its offices within the State of California, US. It can be accessed from all 50
states as well as from other countries around the world to the extent permitted by site. As each of
these places has laws that may differ from California, by accessing this site, both I and AC
Technologies agree that the statutes and laws of the California shall apply to any actions or claims
arising out of or in relation to this Agreement or my use of this site, without regard to conflicts
of laws principles thereof. I and AC Technologies also agree and hereby submit to the filing of any
claim only in the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of California and any legal proceedings
shall be conducted in English. AC Technologies makes no representation that materials on this site
are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from territories where
their contents are illegal is prohibited.
REFUND/CANCELLATION POLICY. For services in person or by phone, the full amount shall be charged
at the time I place my order and shall not be refunded unless I provide at least 24-hour notice by
email or phone (as shown on the Contact page of this site) before my scheduled appointment time
indicating I wish to cancel my appointment. For service by email, I acknowledge and agree that the
full amount shall be charged at the time I place the order and that no refunds are available at any
time (because work may have already begun on my request). AC Technologies reserves the right to
cancel a consultation at any time for any reason and refund the full charge.
RESCHEDULING AND NO-SHOW POLICY. (Does not apply to service by email) 24-hour notice is required
for rescheduling. Once the 24-hour mark before my scheduled appointment has passed, rescheduling is
not possible and the charge will be made in full, regardless of whether I participate in the
consultation. AC Technologies reserves the right to reschedule a consultation 1) if the service
provider determines that she is not attuning to me clearly or 2) if the service provider determines
that factors her intuitive abilities are not up to her standards of quality on the day of my
consultation (for example, due to attenuating or disruptive factors). AC Technologies and its
members shall not be liable for delay or rescheduling due to causes beyond its reasonable control,
including the two instances just described, illness, or acts of God.
PAYMENT. I agree to pay AC Technologies for all purchases made using my name and credit card
through this site according to the rates and pricing specified on this site and according to the
terms specified in this Agreement. I will pay AC Technologies independent of and not contingent upon
their delivery or non-delivery of any specific information, content, deliverable, or results. I have
read and agree to the Refund/Cancellation Policy and the Rescheduling Policy (previous two
paragraphs).
DELIVERY OF EMAIL AND SERVICES. Because services or factors essential to service delivery may be
conveyed to me by email, I agree to provide during the ordering process a valid email address where
I can receive email and to take all necessary steps to ensure delivery of email to me at that
address, such as by modifying my spam filter. I will not hold AC Technologies responsible for
situations when I did not receive email, such as non-receipt of an email consultation or
instructions for a phone consultation. I agree that 1) if I ordered an email consultation and have
not received it within four business days after placing my order or 2) if I ordered a phone
consultation and have not received instructions at least 24 hours before my schedule appointment
time, it my sole responsibility to notify AC Technologies of this fact by phone or email as shown on
the Contact page of this site.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA REQUIRED DISCLAIMER. AC Technologies consultants are not licensed physicians.
Some services offered through Applied Conscious Technologies, LLC, could be construed as alternative
or complementary to healing arts services licensed by the state of California. The services to be
provided are not licensed by the state because the state does not require or offer licensing for
services of this nature (non-medical consulting services). These services do not constitute
treatment for any medical condition. Nancy Wagaman's experience includes degrees in psychology,
communications, and biology, as well as professional training in marketing research, business
strategy and planning, project management, process management, team development, time management,
technical communications, information design, energetic matrices, and energy work.
APPLICABLE LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California.
AUTHORITY AND IDENTITY. I warrant that I am the sole person who will be receiving all services
and that I have full power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement. (For Business
Services) I warrant that I have been duly authorized and empowered to enter into this Agreement by
my company. I further acknowledge that the appropriately authorized individual(s) have read this
Agreement (if I am not that individual), understand this Agreement, and agree to be bound by this
Agreement, and that this Agreement shall be binding on their subsidiaries, affiliates, successors,
and assigns. Neither I nor the members of AC Technologies shall be considered an agent for the
other, nor acting on each other's behalf.
SITE PRIVACY. We have contracted with Yahoo! Search Marketing to monitor certain pages of our
website for the purpose of reporting web traffic, statistics, advertisement "click-throughs," and/or
other activities on our website. No personally identifiable data is collected by or transferred to
Yahoo! Search Marketing. Where authorized by us, Yahoo! Search Marketing may use cookies, Web
beacons, and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our website
visitors. However, if you choose, you may opt out from Yahoo! Search Marketing's collection of such
information outside of the Yahoo! network of websites, by clicking on the following link:
http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/biz/ysmt. This site may use cookies to collect anonymous traffic
data.
MISCELLANEOUS. I warrant that no audio or video recording will be made of any consultation
between AC Technologies or its members and myself or my company. I warrant that no audio or video
recordings, photographs or other images will be taken of, no likenesses created of, and no quotes
made of AC Technologies or its members, in any context without the express written consent of AC
Technologies and its specific member.
This Agreement incorporates by reference the site rules if this site allows posting and posts
such rules. This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties related to the
subject matter thereof, supersedes any prior or contemporaneous (oral, written, or electronic)
Agreement between the parties and shall not be changed except by written Agreement signed by a
managing member of AC Technologies. If any provision of this Agreement is prohibited by law or held
to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof shall not be affected, and this Agreement as
much as possible under applicable law shall continue in full force and effect as if such
unenforceable provision had never constituted a part hereof and the unenforceable provision shall be
automatically amended so as to best accomplish the objectives of such unenforceable provision within
the limits of applicable law. User shall not assign or transfer this Agreement and any such transfer
shall be void.
AC Technologies reserves the right to revise these provisions at its discretion. I acknowledge
that I have been advised to check back from time to time to be ensure that I am complying with the
current version. AC Technologies reserves the right to require different or additional agreements
for use of their other sites and for services and products not purchased through this site.
Tap into the power of your dreams.
Copyright 2002-2020 Applied Conscious Technologies LLC. All rights reserved.
Testimonials
Disclaimer
Terms of Agreement