http://www.mailonsunday.co.uk/terms
Home
U.K.
News
Sports
U.S. Showbiz
Australia
Femail
Health
Science
Money
Video
Travel
Shop
DailyMailTV
Latest headlines
World News
You Mag
Event
Books
Mail Shop
Property
Horoscopes
Blogs
Motoring
Covid-19
My Profile
Logout
Login
Privacy Policy
Feedback
Friday, Dec 11th 2020
12AM
60°F
3AM
62°F
5-Day Forecast
show ad
TermsPlease note that by using this website or our mobile applications (for example our iPhone and iPad apps) (a “Site”), you accept these Terms. If you do not accept these Terms, do not use this Site. We may change these Terms from time to time, so you should review them each time that you visit the Site. You should print a copy of these Terms for future reference.Index About us Using our Site Registration Your Content - what we are allowed to do Your Content - what you are not allowed to do Suspending or terminating your registration Third party content and links available on this Site Your personal information Our liability Maintenance of the Site Validity of these terms Jurisdiction and applicable law 1. About us1.1. This Site is operated by Associated Newspapers Limited, a company registered in England under company number 84121 with a registered office at Northcliffe House, 2 Derry Street, London W8 5TT ("we", "us", "our"). Our VAT number is GB 243571174. You can contact us here.2. Using our Site2.1. You may view (and, where applicable) listen to) the content available on the Site for personal non-commercial use. You may occasionally print individual webpages on the Site for your private non-commercial use, provided that such printing is not substantial or systematic and our trade marks and copyright and trade mark notices are not removed.2.2. Unless otherwise stated in these Terms, you must not (whether directly or indirectly) copy, download, store, make available, distribute, sell or offer to sell all or any part of the content or Site, or download or otherwise copy (whether directly or indirectly) any content, files or data from the Site to make or populate a database or publication of any kind whatsoever. If you require any further information on permitted use, or a licence to re publish any part of the Site (or any Content), please email us at editorial@dailymailonline.co.uk or contact us by telephone on 020 7938 6000 or contact The Newspaper Licencing Association - www.nla.co.uk.2.3. You may only play video or audio files using the media player on our Site.2.4. If you would like a friend to read a story or watch or listen to a video or audio file on our Site, please use the 'Email to a Friend' or 'Share this Article' facilities on our Site, or you may email a link to our Site to your friend or simply ask them to visit our Site. Please ensure that you have their consent before giving us their details.2.5. You must not use all or any part of our Site or the contents on it for commercial purposes without our permission.2.6. Users, whether or not registered, must not abuse our Report Abuse facility e.g. by making malicious reports.2.7. Information posted on Mailonline’s official social media accounts, including Twitter and Facebook, is often published just as breaking news occurs and may not be amended or removed following updates made to articles. Whilst every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of posts, for the most current version of a story, readers should visit www.dailymail.co.uk 2.8. You may use and display on your website or social networking profile page content on our Site where an embed code is provided (the “Embeddable Content”) subject to these Terms and on the following conditions:i. Any use of the Embeddable Content must be for personal, non-commercial purposes. You may not charge users of your website for access to the Embeddable Content, use the Content as means to secure advertising, or commercialise the Embeddable Content in any other way. 3. Registrationii. All intellectual property rights in and to the Embeddable Content, embed code and the embeddable player shall remain the property of us and/or our licensors.iii. The Embeddable Content cannot be used on any websites that:a. contain unlawful text or images; orb. contain pornography or sexually explicit content; orc. contain gratuitous violence; ord. condone or encourage unlawful acts.iv. You may only use the Embeddable Content where Your Site:a. complies with all applicable data protection and privacy laws, codes of practice and the self-regulatory principles for online behavioural advertising; andb. clearly explains that cookies and similar tracking technologies may be used on Your Site by third parties for analytics and advertising purposes and (if required by law) a link to our privacy policy: www.dailymail.co.uk/privacy.v. We grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to use the embeddable computer code to display on Your Site the Content.vi. You may not copy, re-publish, edit, alter, add to or use the embed code or embeddable player in any other way.vii. All title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the Embeddable Content, the embed code and the embeddable player shall remain our property of the property of our licensors.viii. You may not directly or indirectly suggest any endorsement or approval by us of your site or any entity, product or content or any views expressed within your site without our prior written approval.ix. You may not use the Embeddable Content in any way that could bring us into disrepute or otherwise cause any loss or damage to us.x. The Embeddable Content is made available by us on an “as is” and “as available” basis and We give no warranty of any kind in relation to the Embeddable Content, embed code or the embeddable player, including warranties related to non-infringement of third party rights. We disclaim all implied and statutory warranties to the maximum extent permitted by law.xi. You hereby agree to reimburse Us in respect of all damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees and litigation expenses, arising out of or as a result of any breach of these Embedding Terms or otherwise in connection with your use of the Embeddable Content and/or the embeddable code and player.3. Registration3.1. You must be 16 years old or older to register and submit material (e.g. comments) to the Site.3.2. Only one registration per person is allowed. You must keep your registration information up to date.3.3. You must choose an email address which gives you frequent access to emails sent to that address, as we need to be able to contact you. You must keep your password confidential.3.4 You must not:              (i) impersonate or try to impersonate another person;              (ii) disclose your password to anyone else;              (iii) allow anyone else use your account;              (iv) use anyone else's account.3.5. You are responsible for everything done using your account. If you think that someone else may have access to, or be using, your password or account, you must tell us as soon as possible by emailing community@dailymailonline.co.uk.4. Your content - what we are allowed to do4.1. We may publish, check, edit or remove all or part of the comments or other material, including your name, town and country, which you submit to us ('Your Content'), at our sole discretion. We are not obliged to do any of these things and we may not.4.2. You retain any copyright you may have in Your Content. By submitting material to us, you grant us a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive worldwide licence to use, copy, edit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, make available, communicate and distribute Your Content (in whole or part) and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. By submitting Your Content, you warrant that you have the right to grant this licence. The licence is capable of sub-license by us to other entities and brands in our group of companies (including, without limitation, This is Money, Allegran, Jobsite, Find a Property, PrimeLocation, Motors, This is Network).4.3. To the extent permitted by law, you waive your moral rights (e.g. the right to be identified as author or to object to derogatory treatment) in Your Content.This clause 4 means, for example (without limitation), that we can: Continue to publish all or part of Your Content, including your name, town and country, even if you change your mind and want us to remove it and/or you are no longer registered with the Site; Remove Your Content, even if you have not breached these Terms or our House Rules; Use all or part of Your Content in promoting our products and services (e.g. we may use a screenshot including your comments in our advertising); Edit your Content, which may result in a part of it being modified and displayed, including without your name. Please note that we do not check, monitor, moderate or even see all the comments and other material submitted to us. While some comments are pre-moderated (i.e. checked in advance by us before publication), some are not (see our FAQ for more details). 5. Your content - what you are not allowed to do5.1. You must not submit any material to our Site that:        (a) is:            (i) defamatory, malicious, threatening, false, misleading, offensive, abusive, discriminatory, harassing, blasphemous or racist,            (ii) indecent, obscene or of a sexual nature,            (iii) a breach of confidentiality or someone's privacy;        (b) could prejudice any active legal proceedings of which you are aware;        (c) is likely to:            (i) cause someone alarm, anxiety or distress;            (ii) encourage violence or racial or religious hatred;        (d) infringes any intellectual property rights, such as copyright and trade marks. This means generally that you must own the rights in everything you submit or must obtain permission from the rights owner to submit the material;        (e) is technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software, harmful data or conduct);        (f) advertises any product or services;        (g) impersonates anyone else or otherwise misrepresents your identity, affiliation or status;        (h) is in breach of these Terms, our Privacy Policy, and/or House Rules;        (i) is, encourages or teaches conduct that is a criminal offence, gives rise to civil liability, or is otherwise unlawful;5.2. You must not include links on the Site to any websites or webpages.5.3. You must not try to get round any protections we put in place for the security and operation of the Site.5.4. You must not re-submit content which you are aware has been removed.6. Suspending or terminating your registration6.1. We may suspend, terminate or prevent your registration at our sole discretion. This may be because, for example, we consider that you have breached or will breach these Terms or our House Rules or someone has reported abuse. However, we are not obliged to do these things, we decide.6.2. Where we suspend, terminate or prevent your registration, you must not attempt to re-register or submit content (e.g. using someone else's registration), without our permission. The period of any suspension depends on all the circumstances.7. Sponsored content, third party content and links available on this Site7.1. Where you see the label “Sponsored Content” on an article on this Site it means that our Publisher/Editor retains editorial control and sign off of the article. Where you see the label “Advertorial” these are also written by our journalists but control and final sign off lies with the advertiser.7.2. We are not liable or responsible for the third party content on this Site. Third party content includes, for example, comments posted by users and the content of advertisements.7.3. Where this Site contains links to other sites and resources, which are provided by third parties, these links and resources are provided for your information only and you access them at your own risk. We are not liable or responsible for the content of third party sites or resources.If you see something which you reasonably believe breaches these Terms or our House Rules, please use the Report Abuse facility. If there is no facility available, please contact us on community@dailymailonline.co.uk.8. Your personal information8.1. We will use your personal information in accordance with our privacy policy, which forms part of these Terms. Please read our Privacy Policy now.9. Our liability    9.1. The information contained on this Site is for information purposes only and does not constitute advice. You should check any information on the Site and use your own judgement before doing or not doing anything on the basis of what you see. We give no warranties of any kind in relation to the Site or its contents.9.2. Except for liability for fraudulent misrepresentation, we are not liable for:        (a) any action you may take as a result of relying on any information provided on this Site or for any loss or damage suffered by you as a result of you taking this action;        (b) any dealings you have with third parties (e.g. other users, advertisers or promoters) that take place using or facilitated by the Site;         (c) any liability for losses which are not a foreseeable or likely consequence of (i) your use of the Site, or (ii) a breach of these Terms; and        (d) any loss or damage which you may suffer as a result of or connected to your use of the embed code, player or the Embeddable Content. 9.3. We are not responsible if you cannot access the Site properly or at all because of any event outside our control, for example (without limitation) the performance of your or our ISP, your browser or the Internet.9.4. The Site relies in part on software to work. Software has bugs. Whilst we will monitor the Site and try to fix bugs, we cannot guarantee that the Site or any individual feature of the Site will be error free, available all the time and/or free from viruses.9.5. However, nothing in these Terms will affect any liability we may have for death or personal injury arising from our negligence or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited by law.10. Maintenance of the Site10.1. Making your use of the Site enjoyable means we need to fix bugs, install updates and do general diagnosis and maintenance of the Site. We will try to do scheduled maintenance during times when we anticipate that online use is lower than normal.10.2. We also need to be able to do emergency maintenance and/or suspend access to the servers where, in our reasonable discretion, we see the need to do that. We will try to have the Site available again as soon as we think it is safe to do so.11. Validity of these Terms11.1. If any part or provision of these Terms is found to be unlawful or unenforceable, this shall not affect the validity of any other part or provision.12. Jurisdiction and applicable law12.1. These Terms are governed by English law. The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute relating to these Terms.
Advertisement
Share or comment on this article:
Terms
e-mail
Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Bing
Site
Web
Enter search term:
Search
Advertisement
Like
DailyMail
Follow
DailyMail
Follow
@dailymail
Follow
DailyMail
Follow
MailOnline
Follow
Daily Mail
DON'T MISS
Dame Barbara Windsor dies aged 83: Actress who became national treasure with roles in Carry On films and EastEnders loses her battle with Alzheimer's disease
The Kardashian-Jenner family announce global content deal with Hulu... after their E! reality show KUWTK will come to an end in 2021
Love Island's Niall Aslam reveals he had to leave the show after suffering from stress-induced psychosis and hallucinations
'I'm not going to say anything!' Joe Alwyn's family REFUSE to quash rumours the actor has married girlfriend Taylor Swift after singer shared bridal-like snap to promote new album
'She was the unofficial Queen of England': David Walliams and on-screen son Steve McFadden lead tributes to EastEnders legend Dame Barbara Windsor as she dies age 83
Great things come in small packages: Meet the budding entrepreneur helping Britain's gardens bloom this year
Ad Feature
Heidi Klum's 16-year-old daughter Leni follows in her famous supermodel mom's footsteps with first Vogue cover
Barbara Windsor dies: From her youth with the Krays to shouting 'Get outta my pub' - how 4ft 10in Babs towered over showbusiness for 60 years and 3 husbands
Christina Milian, 39, reveals she is expecting her third child with singer Matt Pakora, 34: 'You and Me + 3, more to love'
How to cook your BEST ever turkey this Christmas (and what to do with all the leftovers!)
Ad Feature
Victoria Derbyshire reveals that she spoke to Jordan North BEFORE their entrance on I'm A Celebrity... as she reveals string of secret texts
The X Factor 'will NOT return to screens until 2022'... and is set to be 'replaced by All Star Musicals with John Barrowman at the helm'
'We had Nicola Adams with Katya!': Strictly's Neil Jones says it would be 'great' to dance in an all-male couple after his ex made history in first same sex partnership
Jude Law, 47, cradles his sixth child as he and wife Phillipa Coan, 33, are seen for the first time since welcoming their new baby
TRANSFORM how you feel in time for Christmas with the supplement range celebs LOVE!
Ad Feature
Bella Hadid shows off her toned tummy in an athletic bra and leggings as she heads to a gym in New York City
Chris Hemsworth calls Ryan Reynolds 'a d**khead', a terrible actor and 'the world's least favourite Canadian' as their feud escalates
'He's a no-good a**hat': Ryan Reynolds' mother Tammy goes on a hilarious expletive-laden rant against Chris Hemsworth (but it's all for charity!)
Elle Macpherson stuns
on her latest magazine cover as she poses alongside her lookalike sons Flynn, 22, and Cy Busson, 17, who tower over her
Tis the season to be jolly - but do YOU know how to master the magical art of drinking moderately this Christmas? Take the quiz and find out
Ad Feature
Police warned Geri Halliwell nail-bomb maniac David Copeland wanted to shoot her dead as she performed at the Brits because she was friends with gay stars
Emily Ratajkowski shows off her baby bump in a yellow T-shirt with low-rise jeans while stepping out with
friends for coffee in Los Angeles
Demi Rose sends temperatures soaring as she slips her curves into a busty black body for sizzling snap
Emma Roberts shows her burgeoning baby bump as she grabs coffee with boyfriend Garrett Hedlund in LA
From once-in-a-lifetime adventures to thoughtful baby gifts: Check out these 10 top ideas for truly awesome Christmas presents
Ad Feature
Casualty set to return to screens in January as first look picture sees hospital staff kitted out in full PPE as they battle the devastating impact of COVID-19
Hollyoaks star Jorgie Porter puts on a leggy display in a white fleece coat during a girls' night out in Liverpool
Love Island's Jess and Eve Gale display their sensational curves in figure-hugging outfits for a girls' night out
Love Island's Samira Mighty flashes her bra and toned midriff in a plunging cropped blazer as she attends the Death Drop premiere
Love Island's Amy Hart turns up the heat in a racy leather mini dress and snakeskin print boots as she attends the Death Drop premiere
Rachel Riley looks radiant as she and adorable baby daughter Maven twin in colourful reindeer Christmas jumpers
Amy MacDonald cuts a stylish figure in a glittery top and skinny jeans as she performs at a charity gala in Germany
TOWIE's Amber Turner wows in a satin blue halterneck dress for dinner with her boyfriend Dan Edgar during 'business trip' to Dubai
Lorde paints an incredible picture of Antarctica while calling her 2019 trip to the End Of The World 'cooler' than the VMAs and Met Gala
'This is a DREAM for anyone with a flaky scalp!': Over 13,000 shoppers swear by this £7 scalp massager for promoting fabulous and flake-free hair
'She's taller than me and she's gorgeous!': Tess Daly reveals she's considered introducing daughter Phoebe, 16, to modelling in rare insight to motherhood
First Dates waitress Cici Coleman works up a sweat in a hot pink crop top and leggings for new fitness shoot... after revealing she is no longer single
David and Victoria Beckham 'plan to build a super cellar housing 3,000 bottles of wine' amid renovations at their £6million Cotswolds home
'I feel like for a long time men felt like they owned sex': Megan Thee Stallion discusses female empowerment and reflects on lying in a pit of snakes with 'scared' Cardi B
'Gammy you are killing the game!' Jada Pinkett Smith's 67-year-old mother Adrienne wows Instagram with photos of her incredible abs
Ellen DeGeneres tests positive for COVID-19 but is 'feeling fine' in quarantine
Jet-setters Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez arrive in Miami by private jet... despite urging everyone to stay at home back in April
Robbie Williams admits his wife of 15 years Ayda Field 'saved his life' and he doesn't have his on-stage bravado at home because she 'likes' him
The savage truth about why Dior won't drop wife-beater Johnny Depp: Incredibly, sales of the aftershave he promotes
have gone UP
'Bed of absolute sheer bliss!': Amazon shoppers are raving about this £19.99 acupressure mat for back pain and promoting better sleep
Khloe Kardashian compliments Strictly star Maisie Smith AGAIN as she says she wanted to 'uplift' actress and praises her 'beautiful body'
Emma Stone signs on to star in Showtime comedy The Curse opposite Nathan Fielder and Benny Safdie
Amanda Seyfried talks about the 'silver lining' of giving birth to her baby boy Thomas amid the ongoing pandemic two months ago
Georgia Harrison vows to 'get justice' as she's supported by pal Montana Brown after accusing ex Stephen Bear of secretly filming her and showing others the CCTV
Taylor Swift fans erupt when singer shares bridal-like picture to announce Evermore album as they speculate whether she's secretly married Joe Alwyn
The Handmaid's Tale renewed for Season 5 as stars Elisabeth Moss and others react to the renewal
EastEnders SPOILER: Jack Branning isn't prepared for what Bobby Beale reveals after
confession... as Ian fights for his life after mystery attack
Sinitta puts on a leggy display in a leather mini skirt and 'King David' Attenborough t-shirt as she enjoys a night at Cabaret All Stars with pals
Will these be on Harry and Meghan's holiday menu? Duchess of Sussex's recipes for a festive spiced cocktail and maple glazed potatoes resurface
Pregnant Karlie Kloss bundles up in a heavy coat while shopping in New York... after purchasing $23.5M home near Ivanka and Jared in Florida
BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Bedknobs and broomsticks recast their magic
BAZ BAMIGBOYE: The day that Carey Mulligan thought she might kill Ralph Fiennes
Ariana Grande releases the trailer for her upcoming Nexflix documentary Excuse Me, I Love You
Jennifer Aniston teases getting her tresses cut by her longtime hairdresser Chris McMillian... 25 years after he gave her The Rachel haircut
'Well she's not named Taylor Slow!' Twitter users compare Taylor Swift to Shakespeare as they react to news she will drop her second album in five months
Love Island's Alexandra Cane sizzles in a leopard print bikini as she reflects on a 'rollercoaster of a year' and teases her next project is the 'biggest risk' yet
'Channeling the cockatoo vibe!' Lisa Armstrong takes a trip down memory lane she shares a throwback snap from her pop star days
Kelly Clarkson claims ex-husband Brandon Blackstock DEFRAUDED her and 'never had a license' to act as her music manager
Jordan McGraw and Morgan Stewart are married! Rock star ties the knot with E! host in intimate family ceremony
Jennifer Garner keeps it casual with jeans and a graphic T-shirt for shopping outing in LA
Stephen Bear says he was 'tempted' to fake a suicide attempt for sympathy after ex Georgia Harrison accused him of secretly filming her and showing people the CCTV
Kate Middleton's £93,000 coat-ure: That's the staggering amount the Duchess of Cambridge's royal rainbow of designer delights from the past decade adds up to
Jessica Simpson praises her family for 'all of this love' after announcing new Amazon show based on her memoir
Michelle Pfeiffer posts 'blissful' throwback post of herself cradling a sleeping newborn
Channel Seven reporter says 'Allan DeGeneres' has Covid-19 - but there's a reason why some Aussies can't pronounce the talk show host's name
'He has dementia, he won't know why he's there': David Baddiel reveals dad, 85, has been rushed to hospital as he shares fears about him being alone
Kim Kardashian says she cried all morning ahead of Brandon Bernard's execution as his victims' family member says the death row inmate is 'getting what he deserves
REVEALED: The stunning Aussie dress Taylor Swift wore to announce her surprise album - as fans speculate she has married boyfriend
Kay Burley sent grovelling email to Sky News colleagues after she was suspended for SIX MONTHS - as 'dismayed' staff demand to know if she is being paid
'It was highly embarrassing!' Love Island's Tommy Fury gets WASHED AWAY at a waterpark during Dubai trip with girlfriend Molly-Mae Hague
Montana Brown flaunts her toned physique in skimpy blue bikini as she shares a sun-kissed throwback snap from Maldives swimwear shoot
Maura Higgins sizzles in a plunging khaki swimsuit in Dubai before her boyfriend Chris Taylor PICKS HER NOSE in a hilarious video
Revealed: Victoria Pendleton's new boyfriend is former SAS hero helping her overcome divorce and depression
Star Wars will get 10 new shows over the next several years after the success of The Mandalorian... as Marvel also gets 10 series
Scott Eastwood credits 'grinding' it out in Hollywood rather than legendary father Clint for his success: 'I just didn't stop'
Carrie Ann Inaba, 52, of The Talk and DWTS reveals she has COVID-19 and is battling a fever and 'bad' cough: 'I've had a lot of aches and pains'
Chris Evans self-administers his own COVID-19 test on the Boston set of Don't Look Up
Katie Holmes bundles up as she grabs treats from the Little Cupcake Bakeshop in NYC
Daisy Lowe sets pulses racing in busty red lingerie and thigh-high stockings as she puts on a sultry display during a luxury staycation
Strictly's Jamie Laing reveals he believes Giovanni Pernice 'FANCIES' Ranvir Singh amid romance rumours
Reese Witherspoon announces Julia Roberts will star in her next series The Last Thing He Told Me: 'All my childhood dreams are now fulfilled'
Kelly Brook bundles up in a brown teddy coat and wide-brimmed hat as she cheerfully arrives at Heart FM
Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez look like the perfect match as they venture out into NYC rocking coordinating black coats and shades
Taylor Swift reveals she will release another surprise album titled Evermore at MIDNIGHT... just five months after unveiling Folklore
Amanda Bynes exudes style as she grabs groceries with fiance Paul Michael decked out in camel coat and white heels
Strictly's Maisie Smith shows off her impressive vocal talents as she belts out a rendition of Alicia Keys' Fallin' while putting her make-up on
Emily Ratajkowski showcases baby bump while modeling Inamorata's five-piece 'Torso' collection
Chris Rock says he 'wasn't jumping for joy' when Biden won the election and is urging the President-elect to create a 'Supreme Court of Science'
DailyMailTV: Martha Stewart reigns supreme as the Queen of Christmas and reveals the relaxing gift she is wrapping up this year
Eiza Gonzalez takes snaps of new model beau Dusty Lachowicz during LA coffee date
Dani Dyer stuns in a pink bow wrap dress while cradling her blossoming baby bump as she launches new maternity clothing
Elton John steps into Christmas as he dresses up as Santa Claus alongside his husband David Furnish and their two sons in festive video
'I can't bear drinking': Sophie Kasaei highlights her ample assets in a racy halterneck top as she admits she hates drinking after Dubai night out
'It's entertaining in principal and then it's disgusting': Joel Dommett reveals he can excrete his own BREAST MILK on Celebrity Juice
'It'll be a hoot!' Bradley Walsh reveals he's 'thrilled' to be replacing David Jason in a new adaptation of The Darling Buds of May
Twinning! Jersey Shore star Jennifer 'JWoww' Farley, 34, proves her mini-me daughter Meilani, aged six, looks exactly like her
Love Island's Amber Gill looks delighted as she steps out with a handsome mystery man on stroll
Kris Jenner - who is worth over $100M - splashes out $400K to be FIRST person to own a 2021 Rolls-Royce Ghost
Tamara Ecclestone shares sweet festive snap of baby daughter Serena on a festive blanket as she turns 12 weeks old
Cassie announces she's expecting her second child with husband Alex Fine... one year after welcoming daughter Frankie
Jamie Foxx decks out his $10.5 million, 40-acre estate with Christmas lights for a jolly holiday season
Sheridan Smith is set to look for the UK's best dog groomer as pet stylists go head-to-head in exciting new BBC competition show Pooch Perfect
Harry and Meghan's collectors biscuit tin hits the shelves of TK Maxx for £3.99 as royal fans flog the treats on eBay for £9.99 - after originally selling for £16 in Harrods
Denise Van Outen makes a bold statement in leopard print leggings as she leaves Dancing on Ice training in Essex
EOTB's Ashley Cain reveals the second round of chemotherapy is 'starting to take its toll' on daughter Azaylia as she battles aggressive form of leukaemia
Justin Bieber posts sizzling snap of wife Hailey working a pink string bikini in beachfront backyard
'I'm drained, tired and feel lost': Lauryn Goodman speaks about struggles of raising son Junior without 'anybody to lean on' in subtle dig about ex Kyle Walker
'I think we should know about what we put into our body!': Josie Gibson gets into a Twitter spat after she is accused of spreading 'misinformation' abut Pfizer vaccine
Irina Shayk exudes elegance in an emerald ruffled gown as she models Oscar de la Renta's 2021 collection in stunning snaps
Riverdale trailer shows Lili Reinhart's Betty and
KJ Apa's Archie KISS which brings Camila Mendes' Veronica to tears
Teyana Taylor doesn't let a global pandemic stop her 30th birthday celebrations as she parties with a massive, mask-less crowd in Miami
Nicole Kidman 'very excited' to partner with cannabis company after 'experiencing the benefit of CBD wellness products firsthand'
Rachel McAdams will reprise her role as Dr. Christine Palmer in Dr. Strange In The Multiverse Of Madness
Holly Willoughby and Freddie Flintoff are set to co-host new ITV celebrity sports show The Real Games
Khloe Kardashian showcases her toned midsection in new loungewear collection for her Good American label
Heidi Montag of The Hills fame makes the rare move of posing in her UNDERWEAR for a new collaboration: 'Dreams do come true'
Megan Thee Stallion jokes that Republicans freaked out over WAP because they 'needed to take their frustration out somewhere'
Dua Lipa joins forces with Katherine Ryan for star-studded New Year's Eve extravaganza as she prepares to slam the door on 'a year like no other'
Lottie Moss sets pulses racing in a sheer cream corset and thigh-high stockings as she poses for racy snap
Love Island's Malin Andersson squeezes her stomach as she embraces her 'bra bulge' in red lingerie for playful clip
Hilary Duff admits to missing her pre-pregnancy body as she reveals changing figure with set of selfies
Katie Price's son Junior calls star a 'gold digger' after boyfriend Carl Woods splashes out on Louis Vuitton trainers for her during shopping spree
Strictly's Maisie Smith wears a crop top and jeans ahead of It Takes Two filming after being praised by Khloe Kardashian for her amazing legs
Michelle Mone and new husband Doug Barrowman give back to the community as they hold a festive dinner at a hospice after their wedding
'Happy 50th Birthday to my fabulous, long-suffering TV wife': GMB's Piers Morgan pays tribute to Susanna Reid as he shares entertaining bed snap to mark milestone
Normal People star Daisy Edgar-Jones and James Corden lead the winners at the 59th Rose D'Or Awards - with a virtual twist
George Clooney's panicked scientist is overwhelmed by the elements as he races to save Felicity Jones' spaceship from destruction in new The Midnight Sky trailer
Fergie's festive cheer! Duchess of York, 61, gets a reminder of her old royal life as she's presented with flowers after handing out cake to Crown Estate workers in Windsor
'This f***ing year has been s***': Ayda Field reveals this will be her first Christmas spent miles away from her mother following her cancer diagnosis amid the pandemic
'You're welcome Liz!' Royal Family's official Twitter account is mercilessly mocked after accidentally posting 'Thanks' in a now deleted tweet
Hat's the way to do it! Sophie Wessex wraps up warm in a white winter coat and a VERY striking burgundy headpiece to honour Corps of Army Music
Conor McGregor loses appeal after three-year trademark battle with clothing firm McGregor founded by Scottish businessman 100 years ago
Jack Whitehall's girlfriend Roxy Horner looks glamorous in leather leggings and an oversized faux fur coat as she enjoys stroll in London
Emmerdale is hit with 182 more Ofcom complaints after viewers hit back at soap's decision to air controversial Down syndrome storyline
Frankie Bridge makes her debut as a Loose Women panellist as star receives sweet good luck message from husband Wayne and their sons
Queen dons vibrant blouse as she greets foreign ambassadors in Buckingham Palace from Windsor Castle during second virtual audience
Sky bosses 'don't know what to do' about Kay Burley: Fury mounts at presenter's 'Covid rule-breaking' 60th birthday party
BBC defends 'much-loved' Vicar of Dibley as viewers brand 'unfunny' first Christmas special an 'abomination' - before controversial BLM-inspired episode airs next week
'Sums us up!' Molly-Mae Hague shares hilarious photo of BFF Maura Higgins grabbing her CHEST as they enjoy fun night out in Dubai
'I don't know why it's such a taboo': Binky Felstead says speaking out about her miscarriage helped her 'process it' after admitting she 'wasn't herself' after tragic loss
Lizzo emotionally admits she is having 'negative thoughts' about herself and is 'hating' her body as fans praise her for sharing 'honest' video
'She'll always be my baby!' Millie Mackintosh gets emotional over Sienna 'growing up' and says her 'heart sinks a little' as she needs her less
'Another day, another bikini': TOWIE's Amber Turner showcases her toned figure in a tiny white patterned two-piece during 'business trip' in Dubai
'We got the mood of it wrong': Martin Kemp says he and his fellow Spandau Ballet members shouldn't have arrived in a limo to record Band Aid's charity single in 1985
'I didn't even recognise myself!' Megan Barton Hanson shares photo where she was 'sad and broken' as she tells fans to check in with 'strong' pals
'Scissoring, stimulation and rubbing lips': Trinny Woodall, 56, baffles fans with bizarre facial massage technique which she does while on the loo
Dior is 'insulting domestic abuse victims' by sticking with wife beater Johnny Depp: Lawyer slams luxury brand for STILL using disgraced actor in Sauvage aftershave ads
Love Island's Lucie Donlan sets pulses racing in black swimsuit as she poses for a sizzling sea snap in the Maldives
Kate Moss and her mini-me daughter Lila Grace, 18, don hoodies as they model their new sustainable clothing line Eyescapes
Lily Allen proudly showcases her toned abs in a grey crop top and pink leggings as she continues to document her fitness journey
'I couldn't live my life without this man': Amanda Holden posts a loving message to husband Chris Hughes on their 12th wedding anniversary
Bella Thorne strips down to very sexy rose-coloured satin lingerie and crawls along the floor to celebrate the success of new single
'I can see my toes in the shower for the first time!' Strictly's Jamie Laing reveals he's lost a stone and his 'pot belly' since competing on the series
Rebekah Vardy dresses as the Queen of Hearts and dons masquerade mask at Dancing On Ice rehearsals amid WAG war
Christine and Frank Lampard link arms on chilly walk after going on designer Christmas shopping spree in Harrods
'We'll be better in six minutes!' Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield get into the festive spirit as they down champagne in boozy segment
Queen is 'particularly happy' for her granddaughter Zara Tindall who is expecting her third child after having two miscarriages while trying for second baby
Ashley Graham keeps her ample assets in place with body tape as she shares a behind-the-scenes look at recent Vogue Italia shoot
Nigella Lawson pokes fun at how she pronounces microwave as 'meecro-wah-vey' by sharing fan-made IKEA collaboration meme
Ashley Roberts looks effortlessly chic as she teases a glimpse of her toned abs in a blue fluffy crop top and white trousers while leaving Heart Radio
George Michael's seven-bedroom north London mansion next door to Kate Moss which was previously let to celebrities for £15,000-a-week sells for £19million - more than TWICE what he paid for it
Vogue Williams jokes she would be cashing in if she split from Spencer Matthews as they don't have a prenup before recalling 'difficult' divorce
Demi Rose reveals her ample cleavage in a tiny scarlet string bikini as she visits elephant sanctuary in Kenya
MOBOs 2020: Maya Jama catches the eye in a tassel dress as she and chic Jourdan Dunn lead the glamour at the show's first ceremony in three years
Natalie Cassidy sees the funny side after fiancé Marc Humphreys spots her uncanny resemblance to a decorative PLATE during shopping spree
Hollyoaks star Kirsty-Leigh Porter gives birth following secret pregnancy... almost two years after her tragic stillbirth
'I don't recognise half of these characters': Wonder Woman 1984 director Patty Jenkins slams Joss Whedon's Justice League revamp for contradicting DC's Extended Universe
Coronation Street's Ian Bartholomew admits he sought counselling as he struggled to film Geoff's horrific abuse of wife Yasmeen
Love Island's Joanna Chimonides turns up the heat in red lingerie as she discusses the importance of 'feeling sexy when you're single'
'It's time for the snip!' Ronan Keating, 43, reveals he is having a VASECTOMY after fathering five children
Pia Mia puts her sensational physique on full display in a tiny two-piece as she enjoys another beach day in Miami
Pregnant Helen Flanagan cradles her baby bump in sporty crop tops as she poses in new shoot for pre-natal workout series
Gabby Allen looks sensational as she showcases her washboard abs in a tiny blue bikini during her Dubai getaway with beau Brandon Myers
Winnie Harlow is every inch the style chameleon as she poses up a storm in a series of bold outfits for new Moschino campaign
Pictured: Kay Burley's 'lockdown-breaching' 60th birthday bash with Sky News colleagues that left her future as presenter 'in the balance'
Victoria and David Beckham set for a noisy Christmas as neighbours begin up to 10 hours of building work a day next to their £31m London home
Prince Charles's goddaughter Lady India Hicks shares a photo of her five children after announcing wedding to David Flint Wood has been postponed
Larsa Pippen slips on a high-cut bathing suit for beach day in Miami... as she shrugs off her scandal with married NBA star Malik Beasley
'These images are deeply personal to me': Brooklyn Beckham shares unseen photos embracing fiancée Nicola Peltz and Harper for We Will Hug Again campaign
Love Island's Belle Hassan flaunts her incredible physique in white lingerie as she poses for a racy snap
Lisa Vanderpump cuts a casual figure as she takes care of some last minute Christmas shopping with husband Ken Todd in Beverly Hills
Colin Farrell keeps things casual as he dons a black tank top over matching jeans while out on a coffee run
Khloe Kardashian finds snow in California as she enjoys some extravagant Christmas light displays with daughter True in Calabasas
Kylie Jenner bundles up in ridiculously massive white down jacket after dying her hair red for the holidays... and revealing her Christmas decor
TOWIE's Amber Turner sets pulses racing as she shows off her sensational figure in a plunging blue bikini during 'business trip' in Dubai
Rachel Stevens looks sensational in a sparkly backless leotard and dramatic chiffon skirt as she hosts Cabaret All Stars show
George Clooney 'ended up in hospital' after losing 25 pounds for his role in The Midnight Sky
Miley Cyrus rocks a large faux fur hat and a vintage Pretenders tee as she discusses her 'personal' eighth studio album Plastic Hearts
Strictly's Giovanni Pernice and Ranvir Singh fuel romance rumours as he is heard whispering 'baby' into his partner's ear in unheard footage
MOBOs 2020: Leomie Anderson leaves little to the imagination in a SHEER jumpsuit as she wows on the socially-distanced red carpet
Head Start to Home Cooked
Get Recipes
more
NEW ARTICLESHomeTop
Share
Back to top
Home
U.K.
News
Sports
U.S. Showbiz
Australia
Femail
Health
Science
Money
Video
Travel
Shop
DailyMailTV
Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page
Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money
Metro
Newzit
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
dmg media
Contact us
How to complain
Leadership Team
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Do not sell my info
CA Privacy Notice
Privacy policy & cookies