http://www.midwestaquacare.com/privacy-refund-policy/
Checkout
My Account
Search:
Search
Checkout
Products
Products
Ez Hand Held Spreader
Hydrothol Granular
Clipper Herbicide & Alligare Flumigard
Reward Herbicide
Rodeo / Shore-Klear
Navigate Granular
Alligare Fluridone
Sonar Liquid
All Products...
Services
Services
Pond Services
Lake Services
Identify Weeds
Identify Weeds
Goose Control
Problem Algae
Submersed Weeds
Bottom Mud Sediment
Free Floating Weeds
Rooted Floating Weeds
Emergent Weeds
All Weeds...
Fountains and Aeration
FAQ
Contact Us
Privacy and Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
Midwest Aquacare respects your privacy. We do not collect, sell or otherwise distribute your information to sources outside our company except when necessary to fulfill the agreed service terms.
What Type of Information We Collect and Use: The server on which the Web Site is located collects and saves only the default information customarily logged by web server software. Such information may include the date and time of your visit, the originating IP address, and the pages and images requested.
Like most Web sites, Midwestaquacare.com also collects and logs information automatically and through the use of electronic web beaconing tools that may be transparent to you, such as your IP address, the name and location of your Internet Service Provider, the type and version of your browser, the length of time that you stay on Midwestaquacare.com, search queries, your click-stream data, the location that referred you to Midwestaquacare.com and the average number of pages viewed. Midwestaquacare.com does not create, place or analyze data "cookies."
If you visit another Web site prior to browsing Midwestaquacare.com, that Web site might place information within a URL, such as search queries, which may be logged by us. Your IP address is the identifier assigned to your particular computer when you access the Internet. Depending on how you connect to the Internet, your IP address may always be the same, or it may change each time you access the Internet. Note that logging your IP address does not provide us with personally identifiable information such as your name, e-mail address or home or work address.
Specifically, we do not sell, rent or trade any personally identifiable information you provide when using our website. We do not collect any personally identifiable information about you (such as your name or email address) unless you specifically decide to provide such information.
Changes and Updates to This Policy:We reserve the right to change the information, services, features and policies at any time. We will post changes to this and any other policies on this website in writing.
Contact Information:If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
sales@midwestaquacare.com
Midwest Aqua Care Inc.1924 200th St Westjordan MN 55352
Refund Policy
Unopened containers may be returned for credit or refund within 30 days of receipt. Please contact us for return authorization. Returned items may be subject to a 10% restocking fee.
Site Links
Products
FAQ
Services
Contact
Identify Weeds
Aqua Weed Control
Fountains
Privacy & Refund Policy
Sitemap
Address
Midwest Aqua Care Inc.
1924 200th St West.
Jordan MN 55352
Phone
952-403-6879
© Copyright 2020
Minneapolis Ecommerce
Web Development by First Scribe