http://www.protocol-online.org/privacy.html
BioJob
BioBlog
PubAlert
BioTool
BioProduct
BioForum
Protocol
Home
Top : Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
Protocol Online collects personally information about you only when you
specifically and knowingly provide it to us.
BASIC STATEMENT
Personally information that you provide to Protocol Online sites will not be
made available to third parties outside of Protocol Online without your
explicit permission. Your personally information will
be used to personalize your experience with Protocol Online Web sites.
USE OF COOKIESProtocol Online has two primary uses for its cookies. First, we use them to
specify unique preferences. Secondly, we use cookies to track user trends and
patterns. This helps us better understand and improve areas of Protocol Online
service that our users find valuable. While both of these activities depend on
the use of a "cookie," visitors to Protocol Online always have the
option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your
browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, note that some parts of Protocol Online service may not function
properly if you refuse cookies.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Protocol Online contains many links
to other sites. Those sites may not live up to the same privacy standards as
Protocol Online. These sites may send their own cookies to users and
consequently collect personal information and data that Protocol Online would
not. When Protocol Online uses a URL redirector, if you click on a URL from a
search result, information about the click is sent to Protocol Online and
Protocol Online sends you to the site you clicked on. Protocol Online uses this
information to determine how often users are satisfied with the first result
of a query and how often they proceed to later results.
Users should be aware that when you are on Protocol Online, you could be
directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other
sites from Protocol Online pages that take you outside our service. These other
sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal
information. Always be aware of where you end up!
Protocol Online's policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the
operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond Protocol Online's control, and
is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental
regulation.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Protocol Online reserves the right to modify this policy
at any time by notifying customers, via the Protocol Online site, of a new
privacy policy.
About
Terms of Service
Privacy
Feedback
Sponsorship
© 1999-2006 Protocol Online, All rights reserved.