http://www.madinaharabic.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
GDPR
In compliance with GDPR regulations, we do not locally store your contact details collected, with your consent, by the subscription form on this website, instead we use Getresponse ™ email marketing service to contact you and the data is stored on their servers. We do not pass any contact details to third-party companies to be used to contact you. We do use Google Analytics ™ service for our own internal analytical purposes. This service may collect general information like your ip address, date of visit, device used and time spent on each page.
How We Use Cookies
Like many websites we use cookies to store and then retrieve small bits of information on your computer when you visit. This information
is used to make the site work as you expect it to.
It is not personally identifiable to you, but it can be used to give you a more
personalised web experience.
Some of the information stored is put there by other companies whose software we have added to the site, and this can also impact your
experience of other websites you may visit after leaving ours.
If you continue to use this site without taking action to prevent the storage of this information, you are effectively agreeing to
this use.
If you want to learn more about the general uses of cookies, including how to stop them being stored by your computer, please visit
Cookiepedia - all about cookies.
Below is a list of the different types of cookies used on this site, and an explanation of what they are used for.
If you would like any more information, please get in touch.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function. They are usually only set in response to actions
made by you which amount to a request for services, such as logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not
then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance
of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move
around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these
cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set
by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies
to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
They do not store any personally identifiable information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser
and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Latest Posts
How To Learn Arabic Quickly?
Latest Videos
When you see the new crescent then fast
MadinahArabic iPhone App
iMadinahArabic for iPhone app is the iPhone version of the lessons located at MadinahArabic website.
Home
Blog
Courses
Videos
Vocabulary
Quizzes
Contact Us