http://www.nightskyinfo.com/privacy/
Home > Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which the publisher of NightSkyInfo.com (hereinafter referred to as the “Publisher”) uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of the web site (hereinafter referred to as the “Site”). The Privacy Policy applies to the Site and all services offered by the Publisher.
Personal Identification Information
The Publisher may collect personal identification information from users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when users subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources available on the Site. This information is collected only if users voluntarily submit it. Users can always visit the Site anonymously and refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal Identification Information
When users visit the Site, the web server collects basic information about the means of connection, such as IP address, operating system, browser software, and Internet Service Provider. This information is collected completely anonymously.
Web Browser Cookies
The Site may use “cookies” to enhance user experience. Cookies are small files, which are stored on a user’s computer and are designed to hold a modest amount of data specific to a particular web site. You can choose to disable or selectively turn off cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with the Site as well as other web sites.
Use of Collected Information
The Publisher may use personal information collected from users in a number of ways, including the following:
To send e-mail newsletters.
To conduct statistical analysis and in-house research.
To keep the Site compatible with the browsers and operating systems used by most of the visitors.
To respond to inquiries, questions, and other requests.
Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access and maintain data accuracy, the Publisher adopts appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. However, no method of electronic storage is 100-percent secure. Therefore, the Publisher cannot guarantee absolute security.
Information Sharing
The Publisher does not sell, trade, or rent personal identification information to non-affiliated third parties, except if it is required to do so by law. Statistical information about traffic patterns and related Site information may be provided to advertisers and other reputable third parties, but these statistics do not include any personal identification information.
Third Party Web Sites
The Publisher provides links to other web sites. Linked web sites are provided solely for the information and convenience of users and the Publisher is not responsible for the content or the information provided on these sites or purchases made through them. Linked web sites may contain privacy policies that differ from those of this Site or no privacy policy at all.
Advertising
The Publisher uses third party advertisements on the Site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons, which gather information including your IP address, your Internet Service Provider, the browser you used to visit the Site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited. Google will serve some of the ads, through the Google AdSense program. Google may use DART cookies for ad serving, meaning that ads will be targeted specific to you and your interests (“interest based targeting”). The ads may also be targeted based on your previous browsing history. DART uses non-personal identification information and does not track your name, e-mail address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/.
Children
Protecting the privacy of children is especially important. The content on the Site is appropriate for any age and the Publisher is committed to complying fully with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. Accordingly, if you are under the age of 13, you are not authorized to provide any personal identification information while visiting the Site.
Notification of Changes
The Publisher has the discretion to update this Privacy Policy at any time. Any such changes will immediately be posted on this page and you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Correction of Personal Information and Opt Out
Upon request, the Publisher will remove your personal information from the database lists, or correct information that you state is erroneous. Send correction or removal requests to mail@nightskyinfo.com.
Questions Regarding the Privacy Policy
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, you may contact the Publisher at the e-mail address mail@nightskyinfo.com. By using the Site, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Effective Date
This Privacy Policy was last updated on September 12, 2013.