https://www.arjayeng.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Contact
Login
Products
PPM Oil In Water Monitor
Surface Oil & Oil Spill Monitors
Tank & Area Leak Alarm
Oil/Water Interface & Profilers
Oil/Water Separator Monitors
Level Controls
Foam Control
Dry Pump Monitor
Plugged Chute Detector
Liquid Phase/Capacitance Monitor
Gas Detection ApplicationsDownloadsContact Us
Search Privacy PolicyArjay Engineering Ltd. respects your privacy Any personal information you provide to us including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of Arjay Engineering Ltd.Credit card details Arjay Engineering Ltd. will never ask for Credit Card details and request that you do not enter it on any of the forms on Arjay Engineering Ltd.External Sites Arjay Engineering Ltd. is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.Cookies A “cookie” is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows Arjay Engineering Ltd. to recognize you each time you visit this site(customization etc). Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and Arjay Engineering Ltd. does not use cookies to collect personal information. Cookies may also be used by 3rd party content providers such as newsfeeds.Remember The Risks Whenever You Use The Internet While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to Arjay Engineering Ltd. and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information. In addition other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through Arjay Engineering Ltd. have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions. Please contact those vendors and others directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.