http://www.cropmonitor.co.uk/privacy.cfm
Login
Reports
Surveys
Regional Risks
Privacy Policy
This page provides the following information;
Fera's Privacy Notice
CHAP's Privacy statement
Website Technical Details - cookies and analytics
1. Fera Privacy Notice
Fera’s Privacy Notice is available here:
Fera's Privacy Notice
2. CHAP Privacy Statement
CHAP holds some information about you. This document outlines how that information is used, who we may share that
information with and how we keep it secure. This notice does not provide exhaustive detail. However, we are happy to
provide any additional information or explanation needed. Any requests for this should be sent to the
datacontroller@chap-solutions.co.uk. We keep our Privacy Notice under regular review. This Privacy Notice was last
reviewed in May 2018.
What We Do
CHAP Is one of four Agri-Tech centres established by Innovate UK as part of the Agri-Tech strategy published in
June 2013. The Centre for Crop and Health Protection, we are a collaboration between industry and research partners
representing a £22m investment in high quality agri-food science and innovation.Science and technological
innovation is the key to raising crop productivity including transforming our approach to the management of weeds,
pests, diseases, water and soil. We bring together scientists, researchers, farmers, advisors and suppliers to do
just that, by increasing the economic performance of UK farming through the development and uptake of technologies,
products and services.We engage with those involved in the food industry including farmers, growers,
agronomists, food processors, food retailers and seed companies and work with them to identify their top priorities,
in terms of improving crop yields, and invite CHAP scientists to find solutions.
How We Obtain Your Personal Data
Information provided by youYou provide us with personal data in the following ways:
By signing up to our events
By signing up to our newsletter
Through email, over the telephone or by post
Through social media such as twitter
By working with us as a delivery partner or supplier
This may include the following information:
basic details such as name, job title and contact details
details of contact we have had with you such as meeting attendance/minutes, attendance at events
Dietary and access information for attendance at events
Bank details for processing of invoices and payment for events
We may use your information for marketing purposes, to keep you up to date on CHAP's events and industry news as
well as for business opportunities such as collaboration on projects. The legal basis of our holding your personal
data is consent and we will regularly seek to re-confirm your consent to hold your information.We may also
hold your information such as dietary requirements and special access in order to administer your attendance at
events on the legal basis of Legitimate InterestWe may use your information for the purposes of managing your
supply of goods or services to CHAP. The legal basis for holding this data would be for Contract purposes.We
retain your personal data for the period for which we have consent or as in line with our records retention
policy.
Information we get from other sourcesWe do not hold personal data from other
sources.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We act as a data controller for use of your personal data in marketing, event management activities, business
opportunities and supplier management.We act as a data controller and processor in regard to the processing
of credit card and online payments.We undertake at all times to protect your personal data in accordance with
the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) concerning data protection. We will also take
reasonable security measures to protect your personal data storage.We may use your personal data where there
is an overriding public interest in using the information e.g. in order to safeguard an individual, or to prevent a
serious crime. Also where there is a legal requirement such as a formal court order.
Do You Share My Information With Other Organisations?
We will keep information about you confidential. We will only disclose your information with other third parties
with your express consent with the exception of the following categories of third parties:
Any contractors and advisors that provide a service to us or act as our agents on the understanding that they
keep the information confidential
Anyone to whom we may transfer our rights and duties under any agreement we have with you
Any legal or crime prevention agencies and/or to satisfy any regulatory request if we have a duty to do so or if
the law allows us to do so
What Are Your Rights?
Every individual has the right to see, amend, delete or have a copy, of data held that can identify you, with
some exceptions. You do not need to give a reason to see your data.If you want to access your data you must
make a subject access request in writing to datacontroller@chap-solutions.co.uk.
Under special circumstances, some information may be withheld. We shall respond within 20 working days from the
point of receiving the request and all necessary information from you. Our response will include the details of the
personal data we hold on you including:
Sources from which we acquired the information
The purposes of processing the information
Persons or entities with whom we are sharing the information
You have the right, subject to exemptions, to ask to:
Have your information deleted
Have your information corrected or updated where it is no longer accurate
Ask us to stop processing information about you where we are not required to do so by law.
Receive a copy of your personal data, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine
readable format and have the right to transmit that data to another controller, without hindrance from us.
Object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you
We do not carry out any automated processing, which may lead to automated decision based on your personal
data.If you would like to invoke any of the above rights then please write to the Data Controller at York Biotech Campus, Sand Hutton, York, YO41 1LZ or email datacontroller@chap-solutions.co.uk.
What Safeguards Are In Place To Ensure Data That Identifies Me Is Secure?
We only use information that may identify you in accordance with GDPR. This requires us to process personal data
only if there is a legitimate basis for doing so and that any processing must be fair and lawful.We will
protect your information, inform you of how your information will be used, and allow you to decide if and how your
information can be shared.We also ensure the information we hold is kept in secure locations, restrict access
to information to authorised personnel only, protect personal and confidential information held on equipment such as
laptops with encryption (which masks data so that unauthorised users cannot see or make sense of it). We ensure
external data processors that support us are legally and contractually bound to operate and prove security
arrangements are in place where data that could or does identify a person are processed.CHAP is registered
with the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) as a data controller and collects data for a variety of purposes. A
copy of the registration is available through the ICO website (search by business name).
How Long Do You Hold Confidential Information For?
All records held by the CHAP will be kept for the duration specified by our records retention policy which is
available on request.
Complaints
If you have a complaint regarding the use of your personal data then please contact us by writing to the Data
Controller at York Biotech Campus, Sand Hutton, York, YO41 1LZ or email datacontroller@chap-solutions.co.uk and we will do our
best to help you.If your complaint is not resolved to your satisfaction and you wish to make a formal
complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), you can contact them on 01625 545745 or 0303 1231113.
3. Website Technical Details
Forms
We do use electronic forms on our website making use of an available 'forms module' which has a number of
built-in features to help ensure privacy. We also aim to use secure forms where appropriate.
Cookies
In compliance with EU legislation, the following table lists the use of cookies on this web site:
Cookie name
Purpose
AcceptCookies
This is used to store whether you have agreed to receive cookies. Persistent for one year.
Google Analytics _utma_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the
information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an
anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and
the pages they visited.
devicePixelRatio
This cookie records your device's pixel ratio. If your screen resolution is a retina or Hi DPI
screen, then the website may choose to serve you higher resolution graphics.
_gat
This cookie is used for Google Analytics to throttle request rate on high usage websites. The
cookie is set to expire after 10 minutes
_ga
The single default cookie for Google Universal Analytics. This sole cookie used by Googlle
Analytics stores a unique client identifier (Client ID) which is set randomly. This cookie is set to expire
after 24 months (2 years) and is refreshed each time you visit our website.
_gid
This cookie is used for Google Analytics and is to distinguish users. It expires after 24
hours
Cookies are small. We do not make use of cookies to collect any private or personally
identifiable information. The technical platform of this website uses cookies solely to aid the proper technical
functioning of the website. The cookies used contain random strings of characters alongside minimal information
about the state and session of the website – which in no way collects or discloses any personal information about
you as a visitor.Advanced areas of this site may use cookies to store your presentation preferences in a
purely technical fashion with no individually identifiable information. Note also our statement on analytics
software below – as analytics software also uses cookies to function.Most web browsers allow some control of
most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have
been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.orgTo opt out of being tracked by
Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Analytics
Like most websites, we make use of analytics software in order to help us understand the trends in popularity of
our website and of different sections. We make no use of personally identifiable information in any of the
statistical reports we use from this package. We use an analytics package called Google Analytics who provide
details of their privacy policy on the
Google website.
Log in
Already on CropMonitor pro?
please Log in to the subscription service
Log In
Not a member?
Subscribe now to get local wheat pest/disease risk
Register
Or claim two BASIS points (1 CP and 1 PD) and two NRoSO points (2 CP) for using the free CropMonitor service to see regional risk
If you are BASIS or NRoSO registered and would like to claim this allocation please
register here