http://www.habitas.org.uk/privacy.html
How we use cookies
Cookies are small
text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They
are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as
well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
We use Google
Analytics to collect information about site usage and performance. This helps
us better understand our users and their needs. We also use this information to report to funders such as the Department for Culture, Arts and Leisure and the
Northern Ireland Environment Agency. The analytics cookies collect information
such as the number of visits to the site, pages visited and international
traffic. This information is anonymous and cannot be used to identify you
personally.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser
setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
By continuing to use the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
To find out more about cookies, including how to control and delete them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
If you have concerns about any cookies set by Habitas
please contact
us at habitas@nmni.com, and
include a link to the page on which the cookie is set.
The table below lists the cookies that are used by the Habitas website
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Google AnalyticsClick here for an overview of privacy at Google
_utma
Keeps track of the
number of times a visitor has been to the site pertaining to the cookie, when
their first visit was, and when their last visit occurred. Typically expires after 2 years.
Google AnalyticsClick here for an overview of privacy at Google
_utmb_utmc
The B and C cookies
work together to calculate how long a visit takes.
__utmb takes a
timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor enters a site, while
__utmc takes a timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor leaves a
site.
__utmb expires at
the end of the session. __utmc waits 30 minutes, and then it expires.
__utmc has no way of
knowing when a user closes their browser or leaves a website, so it waits 30
minutes for another pageview to happen, and if it doesn't, it expires.
Google AnalyticsClick here for an overview of privacy at Google
_utmz
__utmz keeps track
of where the visitor came from, what search engine was used, what link was
clicked on, what keyword was used, and where they were in the world when the
website was accessed. Typically expires after 6 months.
NBN
Interactive Mapping Tool cookie
JSESSIONID
A
session cookie is used to ensure that choices are preserved during your use of the mapping facility.
Active Server Pages SessionID
ASPSESSIONID
This cookie is
necessary for site functionality. It is held temporarily in memory and is
deleted when the web browser is closed. This cookie contains no personally
identifiable information.
Cookie Policy :: © National Museums Northern Ireland, 2012