https://www.maths.cam.ac.uk/about/privacy
Privacy Policy for the Faculty of Mathematics Website | About the Maths Faculty
skip to content
Study at Cambridge
About the University
Research at Cambridge
Search site
Home
Study at Cambridge
Undergraduate
Courses
Applying
Events and open days
Fees and finance
Student blogs and videos
Graduate
Why Cambridge
Qualifications
directory
How to apply
Fees and funding
Frequently asked
questions
International
students
Continuing education
Executive and professional education
Courses in education
About the University
How the
University and Colleges work
History
Visiting the University
Term dates and calendars
Map
For media
Video and audio
Find an expert
Publications
International Cambridge
News
Events
Public engagement
Jobs
Giving to Cambridge
Research at Cambridge
For staff
For current students
For alumni
For business
Colleges & departments
Libraries & facilities
Museums & collections
Email & phone search
Faculty of Mathematics
Login
About the Maths Faculty
Home
Covid 19Updates
Current StudentsUndergraduate Mathematics
Part III (MMath/MASt)
Postgraduate
Lecture Lists
NST Mathematics
Student Representation
Careers for Mathematicians
Careers Resources
Prospective StudentsUndergraduate Admissions
Undergraduate Open Days
Part III (MASt/MMath)
Postgraduate Study
Mathematics for Natural Sciences Tripos (NST)
Careers for Mathematicians
ResearchOverview
Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics
Pure Mathematics and Mathematical Statistics
Seminars
Features
OpportunitiesVacancies
Industrial Collaboration
Careers for Mathematicians
Summer Research in Mathematics: CMP and Research in the CMS
Adams Prize
OutreachMathematics for all - outreach overview
The Millennium Mathematics Project (MMP)
Underground Mathematics
STEP preparation support - widening participation
Mathematics at the Cambridge Science Festival
Events
InternalInternal overview
Administration and Facilities
Bulletins
Computing and IT
Degree Committee and Graduate Education
Directors of Studies
Faculty Board
Research Facilitation
Teaching and Examining
About UsContacts
Equality, Diversity & Inclustion
Women in Mathematics
Features
Alumni and Friends
News and Announcements
Events
People
The Departments
Mathematics in CambridgeA History of Mathematics in Cambridge
Contact Points for Mathematics in Cambridge
The Faculty of Mathematics
Privacy Policy for the Faculty of Mathematics Website
Privacy Policy for the Faculty of Mathematics Website
This policy describes what information is gathered when external users visit the Faculty of Mathematics' website, and how that information is used.
Who will process my personal information?
The information published here applies to the use of your personal information (also known as ‘personal data’) by the University of Cambridge through the viewing or use of its Faculty of Mathematics website (www.maths.cam.ac.uk) or other websites run by the Faculty (such as www.damtp.cam.ac.uk, www.dpmms.cam.ac.uk). The information published here is limited to the use of personal information by websites run by the Faculty of Mathematics; various other notices are published in relation to our use of the personal information of applicants, students, staff, alumni, research participants and others.
Personal Information Collected
When you visit www.maths.cam.ac.uk we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. For information about how Google Analytics uses your personal information, please see http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.
In common with most websites, we also record certain information about every request. This information is used for system administration, for bug tracking, and for producing usage statistics. The logged information may be kept indefinitely.
Relevant subsets of this data may be passed to computer security teams as part of investigations of computer misuse involving this site or other computing equipment in the University. Data may be passed to the administrators of other computer systems to enable investigation of problems accessing this site or of system misconfigurations.
Otherwise the logged information is not passed to any third party except if required by law. Summary statistics are extracted from this data and some of these may be made publicly available, but those that are do not include information from which individuals could be identified.
The use of your personal information in the above ways is necessary for the legitimate interests of the University in operating and improving its websites, analysing their use, and ensuring their security. Our websites collect very little personal information and we use it in ways that are compatible with your individual rights and freedoms. Where you enter your personal information into an online form on any of our websites for any specified purpose, you will be told about the use we will make of that information (e.g. to send you newsletters or to enable your attendance at an event).
Logged data
The following standard data is automatically logged for each request:
The name or network address of the computer making the request.
The date and time of connection
The HTTP request, which contains the identification of the document requested
The status code of the request (success or failure etc.)
The number of data bytes sent in response
The contents of the HTTP Referrer header supplied by the browser - that is, the URL you are selecting the link from
The content of the HTTP User-Agent header supplied by the browser - that is, the webbrowser used
Access to personal data
Further information For more information about how we handle your personal information, and your rights under data protection legislation, please see https://www.information-compliance.admin.cam.ac.uk/data-protection/general-data.
Cookies
Cookies are small files which sit on your computer and record specific interactions between you and this website, and in some cases, other websites. This information is sometimes shared with the University of Cambridge, and in other cases, third parties. Below is more detail about the cookies we use, what they record and who the information is shared with. You are of course free to disable cookies.
Raven authentication
Members of the Faculty of Mathematics or the wider University may be required to authenticate in order to access some content on this website, where it is inappropriate to share the information more widely. Authentication takes place using the University's Raven authentication system which results in cookies being set when a user is authenticated.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to see how people use our website. This helps us improve it. The data we have is anonymised. Google's privacy policy has more information about what information Google Analytics collects and how they process it.
The University Privacy Policy
The University web site is covered by the The University privacy policy. and not by the policy above. Note that some links on the Mathematics site, in particular the search facility, point to the University site.
Faculty of Mathematics,Wilberforce Road,Cambridge CB3 0WA,United KingdomContact usPrivacy policy@FacultyMaths
Forthcoming Seminars
DAMTP Seminars
DPMMS Seminars
Statistical Laboratory Seminars
Isaac Newton Institute Seminars
News, Announcements and Events
News and Announcements
Events
© 2020 University of Cambridge
University A-Z
Contact the University
Accessibility
Freedom of information
Terms and conditions
Study at Cambridge
Undergraduate
Graduate
International
students
Continuing education
Executive and professional education
Courses in education
About the University
How the University
and Colleges work
Visiting the University
Map
News
Events
Jobs
Giving to Cambridge
Research at Cambridge
News
Features
Discussion
Spotlight on...
About research at Cambridge