http://www.marinebio.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Loading...
Welcome to MarineBio!
The Largest Group of Marine Biologists/Conservationists Online
Ocean Life
Ocean Science
Conservation
Education & Careers
Marine Life
Find out more about...
All about Marine Life
Species home pages
Ocean Channel
Marine Biology
Marine Conservation!
Find out more about...
Marine Conservation
Climate Change
Overfishing
How to make a difference!
Marine Biology Education
Learn more about...
For Students
U.S. Degree Programs
Laboratories, Institutes & Graduate Programs
Privacy PolicyMarineBio2020-06-27T14:26:56-05:00
Privacy PolicyWho we are
Our website address is: https://www.marinebio.org (MarineBio).
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
The Contact form at https://www.marinebio.org/marinebio/contact/ sends the information you provide to info@marinebio.org. Except for that email account, your information is not stored anywhere else. We also will never share any of that information provided.
Cookies
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
The only information we do collect is Google tracking information so we can review the traffic to our sites (it helps us identify errors and what works and what doesn’t content-wise, etc.). The anonymous data is collected by Google Analytics and secured by them. We see only the resulting data in reports and graphs showing things like what City, State and Country a visitor make connect from, where they first came in, from where, what other pages they looked at and for how long, etc. Visitor’s IP addresses are the most we ever know about a visitor which often just indicates a visitor’s ISP like Comcast, etc.
Who we share your data with
We share no data with anyone and never will.
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our websites, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, export and/or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on our sites, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Please Contact us if you have any questions at info@marinebio.org.
Last update: February 16th, 2019
Leave A Comment Cancel replyComment
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Get Notified!Email *Sign Up
MarineBio blog
Three Seconds
I Am Greta
“Why there is hope that the world’s coral reefs can be saved”
A Life on Our Planet
THE BANDA ARC, Life in Alor and the Banda Sea (4k)
MarineBio’s Facebook Group
Selected recent posts:
~ What is biology?
~ Mimmo Roscigno: A couple of nursehound, Mediterranean Sea, Sorrento Coast, Italy
~ China’s new submersible dives 35,790ft down the Mariana Trench carrying three men in a record-breaking expedition
~ Entangled: How a Global Seaweed ‘Plague’ Threatens West Africa’s Coastline
~ An unusual spotted eagle ray video! “A little gift from Cozumel Island Mexico / a little gift from Cozumel Island Mexico.”
~ This is so cool: a sea slug capturing its food! It literally uses its head as a net!
~ Melville’s Whale Was a Warning We Failed to Heed
~ Amanda Jelena Radoman: Manatees being fed sweet potatoes… while looking like sweet potatoes
~ Join our group >>
Shop & Support MarineBio
Men's Deepsea Squid Shirt
$24.99
Cthulhu MarineBio Face Mask
Rated 5.00 out of 5
$21.99 $18.99
Sea Turtle II MarineBio T-shirt
$32.99 $28.99
DEEP Shirt for Men
$29.99 – $35.00
Social Distancing Shirt
$22.50 – $26.50
Sea Turtle MarineBio T-shirt
$32.99 $28.99