https://www.capricorn-labs.co.uk/home/terms-of-use/
Sales and Servicing
About Us
User Instructions
Contact Us
Capricorn Labs
HomeTerms of use
Terms of use
Legal Notice:
Visitors to our Web site are required to accept the following terms and conditions in return for the information given about us, our business and the services we provide through our Web site.
Conditions of Use
We use our reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information on our web pages. Information is for guidance only and is not intended to form any part of a contract and can be subject to change without notice. We shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or cumulative losses or damages arising out of the use or inability to use these pages, any errors, misrepresentations or omissions on the material contained on them.
The information on these web pages has been prepared with reasonable care and is believed by us to be legal, honest, decent and truthful as of the date of its preparation.
You agree that the material downloaded or otherwise accessed through the use of our web pages is obtained entirely at your own risk and that you will be entirely responsible for any resulting damage to software or computer systems and/or any resulting loss of data even if we have been advised of the possibility of any such damage.
We do not accept any liability in connection with any third party web sites which may be linked or accessible through our own Web site and we do not endorse or approve the contents of any such site.
In relation to a dispute arising out of this Web site you the user and we, Client name agree to submit exclusively to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Except where expressly stated to the contrary the text and graphics in the information contained in this Web site is the copyright of Client name. You may download or print out individual selections of these web pages only if explicitly used for your own personal information and not to be publicly reproduced. Permanent copying or storage of whole or part of this Web site or the information contained in it or reproduction or incorporation of any part of it in any other work or publication whether on paper or electronic media or any other form is expressly prohibited.
The entire contents of these web pages remains our property and is copyright with all rights reserved.
Data Protection Act 1998
Your personal information is your personal property and as such we recognise that this places serious responsibilities on us. We have therefore published a separate privacy policy on these web pages. Our omission to exercise any rights under these conditions of use does not constitute a waiver or such right unless expressly accepted by us in writing.
Search
QUICKLINKS
Styles and instructions
Privacy policy
GDPR
Terms of use
Site map
Purchase new and refurbished Capricorn CEP 2000 centrifuges.
Further Information
Capricorn CEP 2000 Bench Top Centrifuges are now available to hire
Further Information
Capricorn CEP 2000 centrifuge servicing and certification.
Further Information
CookiesThis site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you