http://www.aatb.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
About Us
FAQ
Community
Awards & Recognition
Job Center
Contact Us
Login
Members
About MembershipCode of Ethics (Individual Members)
Affiliate Members
Committees
Councils
AATB TPG, LLC (members only)
Individual membership is open to individuals who are involved or interested in the banking of tissues, cells, or organs and who concur with and support the objectives, policies and ethical standard set forth by the AATB.
Become an AATB member today!
Accreditation
About Program
Accredited Bank Search
Accreditation Process
Accreditation Interest Form
Accreditation Policies
Policy for the Use of Trademarks
To help ensure that tissue banking activities are performed in a professional manner consistent with AATB's Standards, the Association initiated an Accreditation Program for tissue banks in 1996. AATB accreditation is based on the Standards and policies developed by the Association.
Education & Events
Education
eLearning Center
Emerging Leaders Program
WebinarsAgenda
Speakers
Free Webinars
Auditor Training
Events
QDEW
Annual MeetingAbstract AwardsWinners
Call for Speakers & Sessions
Upcoming
10/12/2021
2021 AATB Annual Meeting
All Events
Certification
About CTBS
Becoming CTBS
Exam
Prep Course
RecertificationCEUs
Standards & Regulatory
Standards
About Standards
Standards Access (members only)
Guidance Documents
NADO Guidance Documents
Uniform DRAI
Appendices (members only)
Standards Inquiry Form
Regulatory
About Tissue Regulation
Database of State Statutes
External RegulatoryHHS
FDA
CBER
CDC
CDRH
European Commission
WHO
Health Canada
Latest bulletins
12/08/2020
Bulletin 20-15
08/12/2020
Bulletin 20-14
07/31/2020
Bulletin 20-13
07/21/2020
Bulletin 20-12
04/23/2020
Bulletin 20-11
More Bulletins
Home »
Privacy Policy
AATB Privacy Policy
August 8, 2018
American Association of Tissue Banks (“AATB”) understands that you care about how we collect, use, and share information when you interact with our websites, email, and online services (our “Services”), and we value the trust you place in us. This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy” or the “Policy”) explains:
The types of information we collect through our Services;
How we use and protect that information;
The types of information we may share with others and under what circumstances; and
The choices you have regarding our collection, use, and sharing practices.
This Policy applies to the AATB Services and our websites, emails we send, as well as the information we collect when you interact with us through social media or other websites and online services. It does not apply to non-AATB websites and mobile applications that may link to the Services or be linked to or from the Services; please review the privacy policies on those websites and applications directly to understand their privacy practices.
Our website contains links that allow employees to access certain electronic systems and devices provided by AATB and maintained on our network (“AATB Electronic Assets”). This Policy does not cover the collection of data when an employee utilizes AATB Electronic Assets. Employees should refer to the appropriate internal policies for guidance and requirements with regards to information employees share and generate using AATB Electronic Assets.
For questions about our privacy practices, contact us at:
American Association of Tissue Banks
Mailing Address: 8200 Greensboro Drive, Suite 320, McLean, Virginia 22102 USA
Tel: 703-827-9582
Email: aatb@aatb.org
Information We Collect
Information You Give Us:
Some of the Services may include features or services that permit you to enter contact information and other information about you. We collect and store any information you enter on our Services. This includes:
Information provided in connection with your creation of an account on the Services, including your first name, last name, email address, birthdate, phone numbers, addresses,and company information. We also give you the option to provide additional professional information, including your role, title, and responsibilities.
Information you provide about yourself, and your professional expertise, when you apply to be a speaker at an upcoming event.
Information provided in connection with your membership application or a payment of AATB fees. (AATB uses third party payment processors and AATB does not see or store your credit card number.)
Information provided in connection with your application for employment with us.
Information you provide when you interact with us via social media, including any posts, pictures, videos and messages which you submit to us either via our social media sites (including by use of hashtags associated with us) or our site.
Information you provide when purchasing exhibits, sponsorships, webinars, and other purchases made online through AATB Services.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence and any contact information provided.
When you register to attend one of our meetings, conferences, or webinars, information about you is collected by our third-party provider, Cvent, pursuant to their Privacy Policy. Similarly, Cvent is used to collect your information when you register for the Certification of Tissue Banking Personnel Exam or prep course. When you use a credit card to pay for a registration completed through Cvent, your payment is processed through Cvent or third parties acting on its behalf, and not by AATB. Cvent shares the last four digits of your credit card, and any other information it collects on our behalf, with us, and we treat it according to the practices outlined in this policy.
Our website features the AATB Job Center, which is operated by a third party, Boxwood Tech. When you create an account on the Job Center platform, your information may be collected by Boxwood or its processor, Naylor, Inc., on behalf of AATB. Boxwood shares any information you enter with us, and we treat it in accordance with this Policy. Boxwood also has its own Privacy Policy that governs its data collects through the Job Center, including any data collected automatically. Any payments by employers for the purpose of posting a job ad are collected and processed by Boxwood. The credit card information is not typically shared with AATB, but AATB could request the last four digits of the card from Boxwood if needed.
Information We Collect Automatically:
When you interact with the Services, certain information about your use of our Services is automatically collected. Much of this information is collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies, as well as through your web browser or device. This includes:
Details of your visits to our site and information generated in the course of use (including the timing, frequency and pattern of service use) including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, the resources that you access, and how you reached our site.
Details regarding the device you use to access our website or digital services, including operating system and browser type.
Information about how you interact with emails, including whether you open or click links in any correspondence.
Information that you make available to us on a social media platform (such as by clicking on a social media icon linked from our Services), including your account ID or username and other information included in your posts.
Any or all of activities with regard to collecting usage information may be performed on our behalf by third-parties. Specifically, Google Analytics, through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, to help analyze how users interact with and use our website, compile reports on website activity, and provide other services related to our website activity and usage. The technologies used by Google may collect information such as your location, time of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring website. To learn more about Google’s partner services and to learn how to opt out of tracking of analytics by Google, click here.
Your browser or device may include “Do Not Track” functionality. At this time, AATB does not respond to browser “Do Not Track” signals.
How We Use and Share Your Information
We may use the information we collect from you for the following purposes:
To further our organization mission of setting standards for the safety and use of human tissue and support the advancement of tissue bank professionals and tissue banking technology.
To communicate with you, including to respond to inquiries and to send you communications regarding services that may be of interest to you.
To enable you to utilize additional features on our Services or allow you to interact with us outside our website.
To provide you with the best service.
To improve and grow our community.
To analyze website usage and enhance the operation of the website.
To detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be fraudulent or illegal.
We engage third party service providers to perform functions on our behalf such as: hosting, content management, membership database management, technical integration, marketing, analytics, and payment processing. As described above, we also use third party partners to operate certain features of the Services, and information collected via those features is subject to the privacy policies of those partners
Where you choose to interact with us through social media, your interaction with these programs typically allows the third party to collect some information about you through digital cookies they place on your device and other tracking mechanisms. In some cases, the third party may recognize you through its digital cookies even when you do not interact with their application. Please visit the third parties’ respective privacy policies to better understand their data collection practices and controls they make available to you.
We may combine information from the Services together and with other information we obtain from our business records or from third party sources. We also may use or combine information that we collect from the Services with information provided by third parties, including demographic information and other attributes, and organizational affiliations.
We may transfer to another entity, its affiliates or service providers, some or all information about you in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, acquisition, sale of assets or any part of our organization, change in ownership control, or financing transaction. We cannot promise that an acquiring party or the merged entity will have the same privacy practices, or treat your information the same as described in this Policy.
If you use our Services outside of the United States, you understand that we may collect, process, and store your personal information in the United States and other countries. The laws in the U.S. regarding personal information may be different from the laws of your state or country. Any such transfers will comply with safeguards as required by relevant law. By using the Services, you consent to the collection, international transfer, storage, and processing of your data.
How We Secure the Information We Collect From or About You
We use a combination of physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to protect the information we collect through the Services. While we use these precautions to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of the networks, systems, servers, devices, and databases we operate or that are operated on our behalf.
Your Options
You may edit the information associated with your account by logging into the account or by emailing us at aatb@aatb.org.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving AATB emails, click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email, or email us at aatb@aatb.org and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.
Changes to This Policy
We may make changes to this Policy from time to time. We will post any changes on this page, and such changes will become effective when they are posted. Your continued use of our Services following the posting of any changes reflects your acceptance of those changes.
About Membership
Accredited Banks
CTBS Exam
Bulletins
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2019 AATB | 8200 Greensboro Drive, Suite 320, McLean, VA 22102 | Phone: 703-827-9582
Login
MembersAbout MembershipCode of Ethics (Individual Members)
Affiliate Members
Committees
Councils
AATB TPG, LLC (members only)
AccreditationAbout Program
Accredited Bank Search
Accreditation Process
Accreditation Interest Form
Accreditation Policies
Policy for the Use of Trademarks
Education & EventsEducationLearning Management System
Emerging Leaders Program
WebinarsAgenda
Speakers
Free Webinars
Auditor Training
EventsQDEW
Annual MeetingAbstract AwardsWinners
Call for Speakers & Sessions
CertificationAbout CTBS
Becoming CTBS
Exam
Prep Course
RecertificationCEUs
Standards & RegulatoryStandardsAbout Standards
Standards Access (members only)
Guidance Documents
NADO Guidance Documents
Uniform DRAI
Appendices (members only)
Standards Inquiry Form
RegulatoryAbout Tissue Regulation
Database of State Statutes
External RegulatoryHHS
FDA
CBER
CDC
CDRH
European Commission
WHO
Health Canada
Bulletins
About UsOverview
About Tissue Banking
About NADOs
Tissue Bank Surveys
Board of Governors
Staff
2017 Annual Report
2018 Year in Review
Bylaws
Code of Ethics
Non-Transplant Code of Ethics
Committees
Councils
CommunityOverview
Announcements
Tissue Times
Tissue DonationBirth Tissue
Heart Valves
Musculoskeletal Tissue
Reproductive Tissue
Skin Tissue
Vascular Tissue
Tissue Recipient & Donor Stories
Letters from the CEO
Speaker's Bureau
Awards & RecognitionOverviewC&E AwardsJudges
Past Winners
Achievement AwardsPast Winners
Rose Parade Sponsorship
Job Center
Contact Us