https://www.curemeso.org/home/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Close
Privacy Policy
Mesothelioma Applied Research Foundation Privacy Policy
About Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. The following explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Should you have a question relating to our privacy policy and practices — or wish to review or correct any personal information we may have on file for you — please contact us by:
Email: info@curemeso.orgPhone: 703-879-3797Fax: 571-363-2784 Mail: Mesothelioma Applied Research FoundationMaja Belamaric1615 L Street NW, Suite 430Washington, DC 20036
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you request information from us or enter into a transaction with us (registering for an event, buying a product, or seeking information), we may need to know specific information in order to process your request. Our site’s forms may require you to give us contact information (like your name, e-mail and address).
When you order products or services from our site, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. For more details, see the section below about online security.
We may use the contact information from these registration, order and survey forms to send you information about mesothelioma and other programs or events of the Mesothelioma Applied Research Foundation (Meso Foundation). You may opt-out of receiving future mailings. See the choice/opt-out section below.
We also collect anonymous, non-identifiable information about visitors. When you visit our site, our server automatically records your domain (service provider), operating system and web browser type/version, as well as the time and date of your visit on a particular page. The information automatically recorded by our server is used only for statistical purposes so that we can manage our site and better serve our visitors. Our server does not and cannot record identifiable information such as your e-mail address.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually adjust your browser to prevent them. This could limit your ability to use certain features on our site, however.
Our site uses cookies to uniquely identify users’ machines so that we can monitor site usage, traffic and trends. Cookies also may be used for features such as keeping track of the contents of a shopping cart or helping to deliver more personalized content.
Online Security
When you are asked to provide personal, private, and/or financial information (such as a credit card number), we use state-of-the-art security to safeguard your data. The secure server software, SSL (secure sockets layer), encrypts or encodes all information you enter before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer transactional data we collect is protected against unauthorized access with the use of digital certificates. Digital certificates for the Meso Foundation are issued by Equifax Secure Inc., a trusted provider. To learn more about our online security, simply click the “security” icon (usually a padlock) at the bottom of your browser window.
The Meso Foundation does not sell, trade, rent or otherwise disclose your personal information to others outside the Foundation.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from the Meso Foundation. To request that you not receive particular communications, please send an e-mail to info@curemeso.org. Please allow up to five business days for your request to be fulfilled.
Testimonials
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE OUR NEWS
News
Scientific Peer Review of Congressionally Directed Medical Research Programs’ Peer Reviewed Cancer Research Program for the Department of Defense
December 4, 2020
MesoTV: Could less be more for treatment of peritoneal malignant and benign mesothelioma?
December 3, 2020
MesoTV: EPP (extrapleural pneumonectomy) Panel
December 1, 2020
MesoTV: “Fundraising for the Foundation” panel with experienced fundraisers
November 20, 2020