http://www.newera-nmr.com/privacy-notice
My Account
Register
Log in
Shopping cart
(0)
New Era Advantage
Ordering Information
Distributors
About Us
Product Cross-Reference
Contact
Library
Cart
Menu
Micro Tubes
Micro NMR Sample Tubes
Capillaries
Adapters
Extraction Rods
Micro Tube / Capillary Kits
Off-Coil Lock
NMR Sample Tubes
3mm OD NMR Sample Tube
Bench Top NMR Sample Tubes
High Throughput NMR Sample Tubes
5mm OD Thin Wall “L” Series NMR Sample Tube
5mm OD Pyrex Thin Wall “P” Series NMR Sample Tube
5mm OD Quartz Thin Wall “Q” Series NMR Sample Tube
5mm OD Medium Wall “M” Series NMR Sample Tube
5mm OD Heavy Wall “H” Series NMR Sample Tube
5mm OD Routine “R” Series NMR Sample Tube
8mm OD NMR Sample Tube
10mm OD Thin Wall NMR Sample Tube
10mm OD Medium Wall NMR Sample Tube
10mm OD Heavy Wall NMR Sample Tube
10mm OD Quartz NMR Sample Tube
Large Volume NMR Sample Tube
Specialty NMR Sample Tubes
5mm Cryo-Probe Sample Cell
PhotoNMR Sampling Device-5mm
Light Sensitive Sample Tubes
Dummy 5mm NMR Sample Tube
Screw Thread Sample Tubes
Extra Caps and Septa
Controlled Atmosphere Valve (CAV)
Pressure Valve (PCAV) Sample Tubes
CAV/PCAV Spare Parts
Gel NMR Sample Tubes and Accessories
Gel Kits
Sample Tubes
Plugs and Accessories
Gel Presses
Gel Press Additional/Replacement Parts
Some Reflections on Gel NMR Sample Preparation
Tapered Gel NMR Sample Tubes
Compression Gel Device
Sample Reaction System
Tip-Off NMR Sample Tubes
Tip-Off Adapter, Basic
Tip-Off Adapter With Vacuum Valve
Tip-Off Dewar and Cap
Non-Glass
Sample Cells
Glass Sleeve and Support Rod
Coaxial Inner Cells
Teflon Liners
EPR (ESR) Quartz Sample Tubes
Raman Spectroscopy Sample Tubes
NMR Sampling Accessories
Micro Pipet System 1.7
NMR Sample Tube Washers
Vacuum Flask
Multiple Sample Tube Washer
Tube Washer Components
Tube Washers
Vacuum Flask
Common Components
3mm Components
5mm Components
10mm Components
Sample Tube Caps
5mm Teflon Sample Tube Caps
Pipets / Rubber Bulbs
Sample Tube Holders
Cleaning Brush
Micro Funnel
Micro Spatula
Sample Tube Labels
Marking Pens
Probe Inserts-Quartz
Dewars
for NMR Applications
Insert Dewars
VT Dewars
Glass Cells
Food Science Sampling Glassware
10mm OD Pulse-TD NMR Sample Tubes
Glassware for Rancimat Oxidative Measurements
Sample Tubes/Accessories for Oxford MQC Bench Top NMR
New Era Advantage
Ordering Information
Distributors
About Us
Product Cross-Reference
Contact
Library
Categories
Micro Tubes
NMR Sample Tubes
Specialty NMR Sample Tubes
NMR Sampling Accessories
Probe Inserts-Quartz
Dewars
for NMR Applications
Glass Cells
Food Science Sampling Glassware
Why choose New Era NMR sample tubes?
Uniform sample column
Tube configurations for most applications
Attain spin rate and auto-shim quickly
Collect the best data in the shortest time
More efficient use of spectrometer time
Move through research more quickly
The best overall quality and value
Privacy notice
It's important to New Era to help our customers retain their privacy when they take advantage of all the Internet has to offer.
Your privacy is important to you and to us. So we'll protect the information you share with us. To protect your privacy, New Era follows different principles in accordance with worldwide practices for customer privacy and data protection.
We won’t sell or give away your name, mail address, phone number, email address or any other information to anyone.
We’ll use state-of-the-art security measures to protect your information from unauthorized users.
NOTICE
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you create an account on the site. We use your Personal Information for four primary purposes:
To make the site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.
To help you quickly find products or information.
To help us create content most relevant to you.
To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other news from New Era.
CONSENT
If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use most of newera-spectro.com. But you will not be able to access areas that require registration.
If you do not want us to communicate with you about other offers regarding New Era products, programs, events, or services by email, postal mail, or telephone, you may opt-out any time by contacting New Era.
ACCESS
We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current. You may review and update this information at any time in the account area. There, you can:
View and edit personal information you have already given us.
Sign up for electronic newsletters about our products.
Register. Once you register, you won't need to do it again. Wherever you go on newera-spectro.com, your information stays with you.
SECURITY
New Era has taken strong measures to protect the security of your personal information and to ensure that your choices for its intended use are honored. We take strong precautions to protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
New Era strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained above. Inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access. Your information may be stored and processed in United States or any other country where New Era, its subsidiaries, affiliates or agents are located.
You also have a significant role in protecting your information. No one can see or edit your personal information without knowing your user name and password, so do not share these with others.
NOTICE TO PARENTS
Parents or guardians: we want to help you guard your children's privacy. We encourage you to talk to your children about safe and responsible use of their Personal Information while using the Internet.
The New Era site does not publish content that is targeted to children.
ENFORCEMENT
If for some reason you believe New Era has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by email at fbosco@newera-spectro.com, and we will do our best to determine and correct the problem promptly. Be certain the words Privacy Policy are in the Subject line.
CUSTOMER PROFILES
As mentioned above, every registered customer has a unique personal profile. Each profile is assigned a unique personal identification number, which helps us ensure that only you can access your profile.
When you register, we create your profile, assign a personal identification number, then send this personal identification number back to your hard drive in the form of a cookie, which is a very small bit of code. Even if you switch computers, you won't have to re-register – just use your login to identify yourself.
What we do with the information you share
When you create an account, you provide us with your contact information, including email address. We use this information to send you updates about your order, questionnaires to measure your satisfaction with our products and announcements about new products that we offer and company announcements.
New Era will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on New Era or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of New Era and its family of Websites, and, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of New Era, its Websites, or the public.
Quality and value you can rely on!®
Information
Sitemap
Product Cross-Reference
Technical Data
Privacy notice
Conditions of Use
Customer service
Search
My Account
My account
Orders
Addresses
Shopping cart
Powered by nopCommerce Brainstation Copyright © 2016 NEW ERA. All Rights Reserved.