http://www.iowacorn.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last modified: June 1, 2016
Introduction
Iowa Corn Growers Association and Iowa Corn Promotion Board (collectively “We,” “Us” or “Iowa Corn”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website iowacorn.org (our “Website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Website, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services or on websites and services of our subsidiaries or affiliates, if those applications or advertising include links to this Website or this policy.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Us, including our subsidiaries or affiliates, offline or through any other means not identified above; or
Any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our Privacy Policy below). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is 2 deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at corninfo@iowacorn.org.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card or bank account information or other personally identifiable information (“personal information”);
that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as occupation, state and county of residency, and crop production statistics and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business or promotional partners.
Information You Provide to Us.
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of applying for membership or registering to use our Website. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us or by our promotional partners, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research or other purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
We may use digital advertising tools to promote our products and services. This may include the use of digital advertising technologies or files to identify how our visitors make use of this Website. This aggregate tracking information is used to help us improve and enhance the website experience for all of our visitors. If you would prefer not to have such cookies stored on your computer, you may modify your browser settings to reject most cookies, or manually remove cookies that have been placed on your computer. However, by rejecting the cookies, you may be unable to fully access the offerings on this Website. Cookies and similar digital advertising tools allow us to target digital ads by location and search topic. The tools also allow us to target follow-up ads to those who have clicked ads for more information on Iowa Corn.
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices about How We Use and Disclose Your Information (www.practicallaw.com/A.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.
Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
Some third parties (for example, Google) show our ads on sites across the internet. In addition, some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use the Website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information below. Site visitors can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ad Settings. Site visitors can also opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) opt-out page.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your Iowa Corn membership, including expiration and renewal notices.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
Provided that we receive your consent at the time of collection, we may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, you will be given an opportunity to withhold or revoke consent on the form on which we seek to collect your data. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information below.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by US about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have consented to these disclosures. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information below.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use, terms of membership and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Iowa Corn our members or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising. If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or nonagent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by using the form on which we collect your data. You can also always opt-out by sending us an e-mail stating your request to corninfo@iowacorn.org
Promotional Offers from Us. If you do not wish to have your e-mail address/contact information used by Iowa Corn to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by using the form on which we collect your data or by sending us an e-mail stating your request to corninfo@iowacorn.org. If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may send us a return e-mail asking to be omitted from future e-mail distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to Iowa Corn as a result of a membership subscription or product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
Targeted Advertising. If you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers’ target-audience preferences, you can opt-out by using the form on which we collect your data or by sending us an e-mail stating your request to corninfo@iowacorn.org. For this opt-out to function, you must have your browser set to accept browser cookies. We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in 8 this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI's website.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page.
You may also send us an e-mail at corninfo@iowacorn.org to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by email to the primary email address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date 9 active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
5505 NW 88th St
Johnston, IA 50131
Email: corninfo@iowacorn.org
Phone: 515-225-9242
© 2020 Iowa Corn Promotion Board/Iowa Corn Growers Association. All rights reserved.