https://www.isls-inc.org/privacy/
Skip to content
Home
Online Casinos
Traditional Casinos
Casino Tips
Privacy
Terms
Say Hello
Meet The Team
Privacy Policy:
SLS Gambling Inc ("SLS Gambling Inc")
operates isls-inc.org and may operate other websites. It
is SLS Gambling Inc's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, SLS Gambling Inc collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. SLS Gambling Inc's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how SLS Gambling Inc's visitors use its website. From time to
time, SLS Gambling Inc may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
SLS Gambling Inc also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on isls-inc.org
blogs/sites. SLS Gambling Inc only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to SLS Gambling Inc's websites choose to interact
with SLS Gambling Inc in ways that require SLS Gambling Inc to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that SLS Gambling Inc gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at isls-inc.org to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with SLS Gambling Inc are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, SLS Gambling Inc collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
SLS Gambling Inc. SLS Gambling Inc does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
SLS Gambling Inc may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. SLS Gambling Inc may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, SLS Gambling Inc does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
SLS Gambling Inc discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on SLS Gambling Inc's behalf or to provide services available
at SLS Gambling Inc's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using SLS Gambling Inc's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. SLS Gambling Inc will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, SLS Gambling Inc discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when SLS Gambling Inc believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of SLS Gambling Inc, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an SLS Gambling Inc website and have supplied your email address, SLS Gambling Inc
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with SLS Gambling Inc and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. SLS Gambling Inc takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. SLS Gambling Inc uses cookies to
help SLS Gambling Inc identify and track visitors, their usage of SLS Gambling Inc
website, and their website access preferences. SLS Gambling Inc visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using SLS Gambling Inc's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of SLS Gambling Inc's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If SLS Gambling Inc, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that SLS Gambling Inc goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of SLS Gambling Inc may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by SLS Gambling Inc and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, SLS Gambling Inc may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in SLS Gambling Inc's sole
discretion. SLS Gambling Inc encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a isls-inc.org account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Recent
What Is There to Love About Online Slots?
How to Choose an Online Casino
Reasons to Try an Online Casino
Get the Value of Your Money at Sportingbet
What to Consider When Looking for an Online Casino
Top tips for online gambling
Pages
How to take advantage of online casinos
Meet The Team
Privacy
Say Hello
Terms
Categories
Gambling
Onine Betting
Online Casinos
Traditional Casinos
University
Tagsbet
betting
bingo
bonuses
casino
casinos
gambling
games
Internet Gambling
money
online
online casino
online casinos
online slots
slots
traditional casinos
transparency
Virtual Casino