https://www.bgcengineering.ca/privacypolicy.html
Español
Home
About Us
About Us
Projects
R&D
Health & Safety
Publications
Services
IndustriesMiningPipelinesOil SandsWater ResourcesPowerTransportationMunicipalEnvironmental Management
ServicesGeotechnical EngineeringEngineering GeologyLab TestingHydrogeology HydrologyPermafrostConstruction ServicesEnvironmental EngineeringRisk AssesmentGeomaticsDetection MappingSoftware
Our Team
Experts
Leadership
Careers
Contact
Offices
Privacy Policy
BY USING THIS WEBSITE OR SUBMITTING YOUR PERSONAL DATA TO BGC, YOU CONSENT TO BGC COLLECTING, USING, STORING, SHARING, TRANSFERRING, AND PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN THE MANNER AND FOR THE PURPOSES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
1.
Definitions.
“Affiliate” means any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, another entity.
In this definition “control” means the power to direct or cause the direction of management and policies directly or indirectly, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.
“BGC” refers to BGC Engineering Inc., a British Columbia, Canada corporation.
BGC operates this Website.
“Personal Data” means data that can be used to identify or contact you.
Examples of Personal Data include, but are not limited to, your name, birthdate, phone number, fax number, email address, and mailing address.
When capitalized, the word “Website” refers to the website where this Privacy Policy is posted.
When capitalized, the word “Website” may also refer to the website to which this Privacy Policy applies.
When used in the lowercase form, the word “website” refers to websites generally.
The terms “you,” and “your” refer to any user of this Website.
2.
Scope of Privacy Policy
All Personal Data that BGC generates, holds, or collects is protected under British Columbia’s Personal Information Protection Act.
BGC makes all reasonable effort to maintain the privacy and confidentiality of Personal Data that BGC obtains. This Privacy Policy summarizes BGC’s current procedures concerning Personal Data that BGC may collect or process by any means (including online; via phone, text, or email correspondence; or through this Website or your use of this Website).
When BGC requests your Personal Data, you may decline to provide it.
However, please note that some of BGC’s products may require some Personal Data to provide you with a service.
If you do not provide such required Personal Data, then you may not be able to use that product or feature, or the product or feature may not function properly.
3.	Personal Data Collection
BGC will only collect your Personal Data that is relevant and necessary for the purposes of answering your question(s), maintaining BGC’s business relationship with you, or for any other purpose(s) permitted under this Privacy Policy (including those purposes allowed under sections 5 or 6 of this Privacy Policy).
4.
Anonymous Data collected through this Website
BGC also collects anonymous information about the amount and nature of use that users make of this Website or of any hyperlinks contained on the Website.
Such anonymous information does not contain any user’s Personal Data, or identify any user personally.
For instance, BGC’s web server may track and log: (a) which pages of the Website users view; (b) users’ IP addresses; (c) the name(s) of users’ Internet Service provider(s); and (d) which operating systems, web browsers or devices visitors use to access the Website. This anonymous information helps BGC gather basic statistics about users and their use of this Website.
5.
Use of Personal Data
If you provide BGC your Personal Data, then you authorize BGC to use, process, share, and transfer such Personal Data to fulfil your requests, answer your question(s), manage BGC’s business relationship with you, and fulfil other permitted purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.
BGC and its Affiliates may also use, collect, process, share, transfer, or disclose your Personal Data for the following purposes:
(i)	to communicate with you (e.g. to respond to your question or inquiry);
(ii)	to provide you with BGC’s products or services;
(iii)	to fulfill your requests concerning BGC’s products or services;
(iv)	to help BGC’s Affiliates to provide you products or services;
(v)	to improve, develop, or personalize BGC’s products;
(vi)	to provide you technical support;
(vii)	for marketing purposes and market research;
(viii)	to administer this Website;
(ix)	to diagnose and resolve problems or error reports;
(x)	to comply with any law, regulation, legal requirement, legal process, or court order;
(xi)	to combat fraud or other potentially illegal activities;
(xii)	to protect your safety and the safety of others;
(xiii)	to verify or enforce compliance with the legal terms that govern the use of this Website or BGC’s products or services; and
(xiv)	to improve BGC’s products and services.
6.
Disclosure/Sharing of your Personal Data
BGC may share your Personal Data with its Affiliates and service providers for the purposes permitted in this Privacy Policy.
BGC will take reasonable measures to require its Affiliates and service providers to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
In addition to the other purposes permitted in this Privacy Policy, BGC may disclose your Personal Data to its Affiliates and service providers for the following purposes:
a)
When you contact BGC, BGC may share your Personal Data with its Affiliates and service providers in order to most appropriately answer your question or request.
By contacting BGC, you agree to this sharing of information between BGC and its Affiliates/service providers.
b)
If you elect to receive news concerning BGC, BGC’s Affiliates, or any of their respective services through a newsletter, then your name, company name, email address, and other contact details may be provided to BGC’s marketing partners to assist BGC or BGC’s Affiliates with providing you such news.
If you elect to receive such news, then BGC or BGC’s Affiliates may send you email notices of such news and other BGC marketing information that you may be interested in receiving. You may contact BGC to opt-out of receiving such correspondence at any time.
c)
Personal Data may be shared with third party service providers (including via a “Contact Us” link on the Website) who help BGC or its Affiliates to provide you with the information or services which you have requested.
Such sharing or use may involve further processing of your Personal Data.
Information technology (IT) support is an example of such third party assistance.
d)
Personal Data or other information may be shared among BGC’s Affiliates if there is a sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution, or similar event involving BGC or any of its Affiliates.
e)	BGC and its Affiliates may also share with each other information (including your Personal Data) in their databases and server logs for any of the purposes specified in section 5 above in this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions or concerns about how BGC or its Affiliates may use, collect, process, disclose or share your Personal Data, please feel free to contact BGC at info@bgcengineering.ca.
7.		Retention and Removal of Personal Data
BGC will retain your Personal Data and your other information entered into the Website for as long as needed to either: (a) provide you services you requested; (b) comply with BGC’s normal record keeping procedures; (c) fulfil BGC’s legitimate business purposes, such as complying with BGC’s legal obligations, resolving disputes, or enforcing the terms of use associated with the Website; or (d) comply with applicable law.
When BGC no longer needs to retain your Personal Data, BGC will dispose of your Personal Data in a secure manner, in accordance with BGC’s data retention and deletion policies.
8.
Cookies – Information BGC collects from you
a)
Explanation of cookies and web beacons.
A cookie is a small text file that is downloaded to your computer or mobile phone (“device”) browser when you visit or use a website.
A cookie may also include a unique identifier.
A cookie is used to either store information on your device or obtain information from your device, including your preferences.
Cookies allow a website to recognize a user’s device.
“Web beacons” help deliver cookies.
Web beacons also gather usage data and performance data.
Web beacons are small pieces of code placed on a website or in an email to monitor behavior and collect data about the persons viewing a website or email. Web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a website, or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that website.
BGC or this Website may use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies.
Other information about cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies is readily available on the Internet or from other sources.
Please note that BGC is not responsible for any content on other websites or sources.
b)
How BGC may use cookies.
Cookies supply information that helps BGC provide users an improved service.
BGC may use cookies to:
(i)	manage visits to the Website;
(ii)	help provide you with a better, faster, and safer experience;
(iii)	store and honor your preferences and settings,
(iv)	enable you to sign in,
(v)	provide you interest-based advertising and marketing,
(vi)	combat fraud,
(vii)	analyze how BGC’s products perform,
(viii)	improve BGC’s understanding of how people use the Website;
(ix)	help BGC to offer you products, content, offerings or services that may be of interest to you,
(x)	measure the effectiveness of BGC’s online marketing campaigns; and
(xi)	fulfil other legitimate purposes.
The cookies on this Website are not used to identify you.
BGC does not use cookies to identify any users of BGC’s Website.
BGC only uses cookies to gather information on how people use the Website.
c)
Cookies on BGC’s Website
BGC’s Website uses first party cookies, including both gtag.js and analytics.js cookies.
Among other things, those cookies may be used to distinguish unique users and throttle request rates.
d)
Cookies set by Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service that Google Inc. provides.
In order to manage and improve the Website, BGC may use Google Analytics to track how people use the Website.
This information is collected anonymously.
Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track visitor interactions with a website.
These cookies are used to store information, such as (i) what time a visit occurred, (ii) whether the visitor previously visited the website, (iii) what other websites a visitor recently visited, and (iv) what website referred the visitor to the specific page.
e)
How to control and delete cookies
You likely have a variety of tools available to control the data collected by cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. For instance, internet browsers typically have settings or controls that allow you to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies.
Web browsers also typically permit users to decline cookies and delete any cookies that may have already been set.
Please note that if you delete or block cookies on this Website, then some parts of the Website may not work properly.
g)
Consent
By using this Website, you confirm that you are aware of BGC’s use of cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies.
By using this Website, you also consent to BGC using cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy.
If you do not consent to such use of cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies, then you may either: (a) take steps using your browser to restrict or block cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies; or (b) elect to not use or access the Website.
9.
Data and Online Security
The transmission of Personal Data and information through the internet or other online or electronic transmission systems is not completely secure.
BGC cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data or other information transmitted through this Website.
When you transmit your Personal Data or other information through the internet or other online or electronic transmission systems, you do so at your own risk.
Once BGC receives your Personal Data, BGC will use appropriate security features in an effort to prevent unauthorized access, loss, destruction, misuse, modification or disclosure of your Personal Data.
However, BGC cannot guarantee you that information (including Personal Data) will never be disclosed, altered or destroyed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy or applicable law.
10.	Links to other Websites
This Website may contain hyperlinks to third party websites that BGC does not operate or control.
BGC provides such hyperlinks for your reference and convenience only.
BGC is not responsible for any data, content, or privacy practices on such third party websites.
You should review any privacy policy for any website you visit before using the website or providing any of your Personal Data.
You use such third party websites at your own risk.
11.
Linked Services
Some of the services or features on this Website may contain links to or integrations with other third party services or other media services and platforms.
The information practices of those third party service providers may differ from BGC’s practices. Visitors should carefully review those other third party service providers’ privacy notices.
BGC has no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, those third parties.
12.
EULA and Governing Law
This Privacy Policy is part of BGC’s End User License Agreement (the “EULA”) that governs use of this Website.
The Privacy Policy and the EULA are each governed by the substantive laws of British Columbia, Canada.
By using this Website, you agree that: (a) British Columbia, Canada courts will have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and decide any claim or controversy of any kind arising out of or relating to any use of this Website, and (b) British Columbia, Canada laws will govern such dispute or claim.
13.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
BGC may periodically update this Privacy Policy.
Such updates may be based upon changes to any of the following: the functionality or features of this Website, means or methods of communication, the law, technology, BGC’s business, or BGC’s data management processes.
If BGC updates this Privacy Policy, then BGC will post a revised Privacy Policy on this Website, along with notice of the date that the updated Privacy Policy became effective.
You should check this Website often for changes to this Privacy Policy.
You agree to such changes to the Privacy Policy if you continue to use this Website after the Privacy Policy has been changed.
14.
Feedback, Questions and Contact Information
Access to some Personal Data BGC has collected may be available to you. For example, if you created a password-protected account for this Website, you can access that account to review the Personal Data you provided.
You may also request access to your Personal Data by sending an email or letter to BGC at the email address or street address noted below.
Please include your registration information in your request, such as your first name, last name and email address.
BGC may ask you to provide additional information for identity verification purposes.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or BGC’s services, please contact BGC at the following email address: info@bgcengineering.ca, or via regular mail at:
BGC Engineering Inc.
Suite 500, 980Howe Street
Vancouver, BC V6Z 0C8
BGC last updated this Privacy Policy in June 2019.
Vancouver  |  Kamloops  |  Calgary  |  Edmonton  |  Toronto  |  Halifax  |  Fredericton  |  Saint John  |  Denver  |  Santiago
Copyright © 2019  BGC Engineering Inc. All rights reserved.Privacy Policy