http://www.frontiersurveying.com/content/nav-footer/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers the use of personally identifiable information that is collected through the Frontier website or any website owned/operated by Frontier.
General Terms
Your privacy is important to us. Any information given to Frontier (such as name, address, phone number, etc.), which may be used to identify an individual or company, is used only for the purpose of communicating regarding Frontier services to those who have expressed interest. Frontier will not transfer, sell, give, or make available, to any company outside of our own, information that may be used to identify a person or company except when required by local, state, or federal law. Any inspection of electronic data and/or files, and any action based upon such inspection, will be governed by all applicable laws and law enforcement agencies.
Information Collected
Frontier collects information that may be used to identify an individual or company during general visits to the Frontier website, and when a user registers for access to secure areas of the website.
When you register with Frontier, we may ask for your name, email address, company name, zip code, and/or other information. This is used to track file downloads, service usage, etc. Once you have registered with the Frontier website and signed in, you are no longer considered an "anonymous user".
Frontier also automatically records information from your web browser in our server logs. This includes (but is not limited to) IP addresses, cookies, computer/browser settings, and pages accessed. This helps us to develop services and websites to better fit the needs and abilities of those who access the Frontier website.
Web Browser Cookies
Frontier requires cookies to be enabled in your web browser in order to register for/log into any secure area of a Frontier website. These cookies are used to hold information that specifically identifies you to our servers.
General Security
Frontier uses the latest in digital security to safely store any identifying information. This includes firewalls, access control lists, and data encryption.
Account information for Frontier websites are password-protected for privacy and security using industry-standard encryption methods to protect data transmissions as well as to encrypt certain information stored in cookies.
Policy Changes
This policy may be modified / amended from time to time. However, no public or private notifications will be made concerning any modifications or amendments. It is your responsibility, as a user of the Frontier website, to read this and other policies in their entirety and to stay up to date with any changes.
Changes made to this policy will go into effect at the time that they are posted to the website.
Questions, Comments, or Suggestions
If you have a specific question about this policy, any other Frontier policy, or the Frontier website, you may contact Frontier directly.
For additional information on various subjects covered in this policy, please see the United States Federal Trade Commission's Internet usage guidelines.
Corpus Christi
710 Buffalo St. Suite 700Corpus Christi, TX 78401(361) 881-8044
Contact Us
Eagle Ford Pipeline
This 30-mile pipeline project consisted of a preliminary route survey, boundary survey for Right-of-Way acquisition ...
Read More
Packery Channel EBB SHOAL
The scope of work is in support of the TAMU-CC monitoring effort for the opening of ...
Read More
Naval Station Ingleside
As part of the Department of Defense’s Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC), Naval Station Ingleside ...
Read More
Bullard Oil Pipeline
EnCana Oil and Gas (USA) Inc. employed Frontier Surveying to survey surface tracts, hazards, utilities ...
Read More
FEMA Floodplain
This project includes obtaining channel cross-sections, obtaining the physical dimensions of hydraulic ...
Read More
Submerged Structure Survey
This project was in support of the preparation of plans and specifications for the ...
Read More
Cadastral
This project consisted of the retracement and resurvey of 1,400 parcels of land out of the Mustang Island ...
Read More
Topographic Survey
This project was in support of the dredging and re-opening of Cedar Bayou, a natural pass between ...
Read More
close
Content
We know Texas.
We’ve mapped Texas.
We are deeply rooted in Texas.
Over 20,000 Texas sites surveyed since 1979
Multiple Texas Licensed Surveyors
3 Texas locations
Extensive Experience in these areas:
Permian Basin
Spraberry/Wolf Camp
Cline Shale
Delaware Basin
Eagle Ford
Pearsal
Eaglebine
Barnett Shale
Granite Wash
Deep Bossier
Haynesville
Gulf Coast
Roll over to see case studies.