https://www.infoplaza.nl/en/about-us/disclaimer-privacy/
Disclaimer & Privacy
Privacy declaration
New legislation came into force in the European Economic Area (EEA) from 25 May 2018 and we must obtain permission from users to use cookies or other local storage that can be for the use of personalized advertisements. This policy reflects the requirements of the European Union e-Privacy Directive and the General Data Protection Regulation (AVG).
Preface
The privacy and cookie statement applies to the processing of personal data by Infoplaza BV and describes what personal data they process and how it is used. Infoplaza BV also processes the information you provide for Moop Mobility BV and  Buienalarm BV, hereinafter collectively referred to as Infoplaza.
Why do we collect information
The data collected by Infoplaza forms a management relationship with the service you use from us, for example:
Saving your favourite weather forecast location
What information is viewed frequently and what is not. This information allows us to further improve the sites and apps.
The information we provide is free for the end user, something we want to maintain. As a consequence, Infoplaza cover its costs by displaying advertisements. To show appropriate advertisements, techniques are used which will be explained more fully later in this statement.
Below is an overview of the information that we store for each service or group of products in a cookie or local storage, and for what purpose and retention period. This also provides information about how you can delete your data personally.
Websites:
Weerplaza.nl, Weersverwachting.nl, Weersvoorspelling.nl, OVplaza.nl, Verkeerplaza.nl, Buienalarm.nl and infoplaza.nl
Favourite location (location / GPS location), stop, line number or road number. This information means that you do not always have to search the site as you can view most visited information directly. This information is stored locally on your PC in a cookie. By removing cookies, this information is lost. The disadvantage is that you have to manually look up your location on a subsequent visit.
Email address for a newsletter or weather reports / warnings (Weerplaza only) After you have registered for service, you will receive an email to confirm. At the bottom of every email newsletter that is sent, you will find a link to unsubscribe immediately.
Our users can submit special weather photos and videos. To communicate with these contributors, we request that you provide your name and email address. This also allows us to prevent unwanted content from being submitted.
Apps:
Weerplaza, OVplaza, Verkeerplaza, Buienalarm, Buienalert, OnweerAlarm, Schwung and Verkeerplaza
Favourite location (location / GPS location), stop, line number or road number. This information means that you do not always have to search the app as you can view most visited information directly. This information is stored locally on your smartphone and also at Infoplaza locally. Relevant notifications can be sent on the basis of this information, for example when it rains or warns of stormy weather.
For the mobility apps Verkeerplaza and Schwung anonymous use is made of the current location and speed when you are traveling as a motorist and cyclist with the app. Infoplaza explicitly request permission for this to be switch on in the app and you can turn it off again too. If we determine that you are no longer on the road, the app stops sending your location. We need location information to offer services such as:
Requesting or extending green light mode at a traffic light that you are approaching or showing time-to-green.
Determining whether you are stationary or driving in order to enrich the traffic jam information and improve it with current information from our users.
The information we receive is encrypted with an anonymous and unique number. We renew this number every day so that all users forward the information anonymously and securely every day. The information received can be further analysed so that we can provide customers with insight into traffic flows, such as in municipalities and / or provinces. On the basis of this information, bottlenecks can be discovered, and plans can be made to improve infrastructure.
SalesFeed software
To measure the traffic of businesses on our website, we use the Salesfeed service. This service shows us company names and addresses based on the IP addresses of our visitors. The IP address is not included.
What rights do I have?
You have the right to request us to:
allow access to your personal data;
have it supplemented, corrected or deleted;
object to the processing of your personal data;
limit your personal data; and / or
to transfer your personal data to a third party.
We will provide you with information about the actions we have taken as a result of your request as soon as possible, but in any event within one month of receiving your initial request. We can extend this period by two months due to the complexity of your request or the number of requests we receive. We will inform you if that is the case. You can submit your request by sending an email to privacy@infoplaza.nl .
You have the right to submit a complaint to the Dutch Data Protection Authority at any time.
To the extent that we need permission to place the cookies, you are not required contractually or by law to give this permission. As such this is not a necessary requirement to conclude an agreement.
Adjustment of Privacy Statement & Cookie Statement
We will adjust this statement from time to time. We reserve the right to change this cookie statement without prior notice. We recommend that you regularly consult this cookie statement for the latest version, which is always available on this page.
Our privacy and cookie policy applies to all our sites and apps.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree