http://www.dnr.wa.gov/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Programs and Services
Aquatics
District and Land Manager Map
Aquatic Leasing and Licensing
Recovering Derelict Vessels
Vessel Turn-In Program
Vessel Requirements
Notices of Intent
Derelict Vessel Inventory
Derelict Vessel Background
Bid on Removal Contracts
Vessel Reporting
Aquatic Lands Restoration Team
Aquatic Assessment and Monitoring Team
Aquatic Science
Shellfish
Seaweed Harvesting
Enhancing Aquatic Lands
Aquatic Stewardship
Forest Health and Resiliency
Forest Health Strategic Plan
Stewardship and Landowner Assistance
Forest Action Plan
Insects and Disease Monitoring
Good Neighbor Authority
Urban and Community Forestry
Forest Health Advisory Committee
Forest Practices
Small Forest Landowners
Habitat Conservation Plan
Cultural Resources
Review Applications (FPARS)
GIS Forest Practices Data
Adaptive Management
Research and Monitoring Documents
Compliance Monitoring
Forest Resources
Earth Sciences
Growing State Forests
Webster Forest Nursery
Sustainable Harvest
Calculation
Olympic Experimental State Forest
Habitat Conservation
Geology
Publications and Data
Geologic Maps
Washington Geology Library
Geologic Hazards
Explore Popular Geology
Energy, Mining and Minerals
Contact Us
About the Survey
Maps and Surveys
Public Land Survey Office
Natural Resources Police
Natural Heritage Program
Announcements
Natural Heritage Methods
Rare Species
Ecosystems
Data Products and Requests
Climate Change
Assessing Species Vulnerability
Conservation Planning
Partners Meeting
Product Sales and Leasing
Agriculture and Grazing
Dryland Agriculture
Grazing
Irrigated Agriculture
Orchards and Vineyards
Timber Sales
Mining and Mineral Leases
Firewood
Energy
Communications Towers
Rural Broadband
Commercial Real Estate
Rights-of-Way
Brush, Salal and Other
Spanish - Brocha, Salal y Otros Productos Forestales
Recreation
Recreation Openings
Where to go, what to do
Find your campsite
Discover Pass
Recreation Planning
Projects Under Way
Volunteer
Puget SoundCorps
Wildfire
Fighting Fire
Wildfire Prevention
Wildland Fire Protection Strategic Plan
Wildfire Preparedness
Wildfire Information
Outdoor Burning
Industrial Fire Precaution Level
Wildland Fire Advisory Committee
Electric Utility Wildland Fire Prevention Task Force
ABOUT
Commissioner Hilary Franz
DNR's Strategic Plan
Climate Resilience for Washington
Boards and Councils
Board of Natural Resources
Forest Practices Board
Survey Advisory Board
Small Forest Landowner
Natural Heritage Council
Community Forestry Council
Carbon Sequestration Advisory Group
Calendar
Beneficiaries
Tribal Relations
Legislative Information
Virtual Legislative Tours
Fiscal Reports
County Income Reports
Timber Harvest Reports
Mill Surveys
Economic Forecasts
DNR Annual Reports
Request Public Records
About Washington DNR
Regions and Districts
Contact DNR
MANAGED LANDS
Forest and Trust Lands
Ahtanum
Blanchard, Reiter, Walker Valley and Nearby Islands
Capitol Forest
Elbe Hills and Tahoma
Green Mountain and Tahuya
Little Pend Oreille
Loomis and Loup Loup
Naneum Ridge
Olympic Peninsula
Teanaway
Tiger Mountain and Raging River
Yacolt Burn
Klickitat Canyon
Natural Areas
Natural Resources Conservation Areas
Natural Area Preserves
Aquatic Reserves
Cherry Point
Cypress Island
Fidalgo Bay
Maury Island
Nisqually Reach
Protection Island
Smith and Minor Islands
Lake Kapowsin
Aquatic Reserve Volunteer Opportunities
Land Transactions
Land Bank Exchange 2019
Peninsula Land Exchange
Community Forest Trust
Community Forest Program Development
Employment
Jobs
Start a Career
Internships
COVID-19 INFO
Search form
Search
Home
Privacy Policy and Website Information
Read this pageResume the reading of the pagePause the reading of the pageRead ContentStop
Privacy Notice
February 2008
Thank you for visiting the Department of Natural Resources (DNR) web site and reviewing our Privacy Notice. This notice addresses collection, use, security of and access to information that we may obtain when you use our web site:
Information Collected and How It Is Used
Personal Information and Choice
Public Access to Information
Non-disclosure of Certain Personal Information
Your Right to Review and Correct Personally Identifiable Information
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)
Cookies and Applets
Security
Disclaimer
Contact Information
Information Collected and How It Is Used
Information collected if you only browse this site
During your visit to our web site, if you only browse, read pages, or download information, the technology automatically gathers and stores the Internet protocol address (unique numerical identifier assigned either to your Internet service provider or to your computer) and domain name (e.g., xcompany.com, yourschool.edu) that you used. This information does not identify you personally.
We use the Internet protocol address to send our web site content to you. This address can be translated to determine:
Domain name of your service provider;
Type of browser and operating system you used;
Date and time you visited this site;
Web pages or services you accessed at this site; and
Last web site you visited prior to coming to this site.
We only use the information that is automatically collected or stored to learn how our web site is being used, so that we may continually improve the site's usefulness to the public.
What we collect if you volunteer information
If during your visit to our web site you participate in a survey, send an email, or perform some other transaction on-line, the following additional information will be collected:
Email address, and contents of email, for those who communicate with us via email
Information volunteered in response to a survey
Information volunteered through an on-line form for any other purpose
Any text, audio, video, and graphic information formats you send us
We will respond appropriately to your email. For example, we may respond to you directly, address issues you identify, further improve our web site, or forward the email to another agency for action.
We will use survey information to improve services or to better understand issues and concerns of the public.
Information from other on-line forms is used for agency business purposes only.
Personal Information and Choice
You may choose whether to provide personal information on-line
“Personal information” is information about a natural person that is readily identifiable to that specific individual. It includes such things as your name, address, and phone number. A domain name or Internet protocol address is not considered personal information.
We collect no personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us by sending us email, participating in a survey, or completing an on-line form. If you choose not to contact us by email, participate in a survey, or provide any personal information using an on-line form, you can still browse our web site and read or download any information on the site.
If personal information is requested on the web site or volunteered by the user, state law and the federal Privacy Act of 1974 may protect it. However, this information is a public record once you provide it, and may be subject to public inspection and copying if not protected by federal or state law.
If you believe that your personal information is being used for a purpose other than what was intended when submitted, you may contact DNR's Public Records Officer as shown in the Contact Information section.
Please note that the collection of personal information requested from or volunteered by children on-line or by email will be treated the same as information given by an adult, and may be subject to public access.
Public Access to Information
In the State of Washington, laws ensure that government is open and that the public has a right to access appropriate records and information possessed by state government. At the same time, exceptions to the public's right to access public records serve various needs, including the privacy of individuals. Exceptions are provided by both state and federal laws.
All of the information collected at this site is considered public information and may be subject to inspection and copying by members of the public. RCW 42.56.070(1) states that:
Each agency, in accordance with published rules, shall make available for public inspection and copying all public records, unless the record falls within the specific exemptions of subsection (6) of this section [RCW 42.56.070(6)], Chapter 42.56 RCW, or other statute which exempts or prohibits disclosure of specific information or records. To the extent required to prevent an unreasonable invasion of personal privacy interests protected by Chapter 42.56 RCW, an agency shall delete identifying details in a manner consistent with Chapter 42.56 RCW when it makes available or publishes any public record; however, in each case, the justification for the deletion shall be explained fully in writing.
If there is a conflict between this Privacy Notice and the Public Records Act or other law governing the agency's disclosure of records, the Public Records Act or other applicable law will control.
Non-disclosure of Certain Personal Information
The Department of Natural Resources may ask you to provide certain personal information so that we can respond to your request or provide a service. You may choose not to provide this information. If you choose not to provide it, we will be unable to fulfill your request or provide you the desired service over the web. In that case, you have the options of conducting your business either in person or by mail.
If personal information is requested on the web site or volunteered by the user, state law and the federal Privacy Act of 1974 may protect it. However, this information is a public record once you provide it, and may be subject to public inspection and copying if not protected by federal or state law.
Your Right to Review and Correct Personally Identifiable Information
You can review any personally identifiable information we collect about you by using the Contact Information section at the end of this Notice. You may recommend changes to your personally identifiable information you believe to be inaccurate by submitting a written request that credibly shows the inaccuracy. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. (RCW 43.105.310)
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) Information
DMCA Designated Agent information
Service Provider:  Washington State Department of Natural Resources Communications Office
1111 Washington Street SE
MS 47000
Olympia, WA 98504-7000
Phone:  (360) 902-1000
Email:  webmaster@dnr.wa.gov
Alternate Searchable Names
Washington State Department of Natural Resources
Department of Natural Resources
Washington Department of Natural Resources
WADNR
DNR
dnr.wa.gov
the DNR
Designated Agent:  DNR Webmaster position
Washington State Department of Natural Resources
1111 Washington St. SE
Olympia, WA 98504-7000
Phone:  (360) 902-1000
Email:  webmaster@dnr.wa.gov
Cookies and Applets
Presently, the Department of Natural Resources does not use "cookies" or "applets" to provide web services. In the future, to better serve our users we may start using cookies or applets to customize your browsing experience with the DNR web site.
Cookies are small chunks of text temporarily stored on your computer, generally containing a session identification number and information that the web application can use to complete its task. Applets are tools downloaded to your computer to work with the software you have. Applets enhance your browsing experience by enabling you to view information in a unique way, or access information that your computer would be unable to access without the applet.
Security
The Department of Natural Resources, as developer and manager of this web site, has taken several steps to safeguard the integrity of its data and prevent unauthorized access to information maintained by us. These measures are designed and intended to prevent corruption of data, block unknown or unauthorized access to our systems and information, and provide reasonable protection of private information in our possession.
This information should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof the security of information provided via the DNR web sites, or sites to which they link.
Disclaimer
The Department of Natural Resources web site has many links to other web sites. These include links to web sites operated by other government agencies, nonprofit organizations, and private businesses. When you link to another site, you are no longer on the DNR web site and this Privacy Notice will not apply. When you link to another web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of that new site.
Neither the State of Washington, nor any agency, officer, or employee of the State of Washington warrants the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of any information published by this system, nor endorses any content, viewpoints, products, or services linked from this system, and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of such information. Portions of such information may be incorrect or not current. Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from this system does so at their own risk.
Contact Information
To review or request correction of your personal information:
Public Disclosure Administrator
Washington Department of Natural Resources
1111 Washington Street SE
MS 47014
Olympia, Washington 98504-7014
publicdisclosure@dnr.wa.gov
Webmaster
Washington Department of Natural Resources
1111 Washington Street SE
MS 47000
Olympia, Washington 98504-7000
webmaster@wadnr.gov
CONTACT
DNR's Public Disclosure Program
Public Records Administrator
(360) 902-1393
FAX (360) 902-1789
publicdisclosure@dnr.wa.gov
NEW ONLINE:
Public Records Request Form
Report a broken link
Report a Broken Link or Comment About the Site
Washington Department of Natural Resources
webmaster@dnr.wa.gov
FORESTRY
Forest Practices Application (FPARS)
Family/Small Forest Owner Resources
Cultural Resources
Forest Health Assistance
Forest Legacy
Urban Forestry
Other Forest Practices Resources
Other State Forest Resources
Land Leases
Agriculture and Grazing
Commercial Real Estate
Communications Towers
Geoducks
Land Appraisal Unit
Shellfish
More Land Lease Resources
More Aquatic Lease Resources
Products
Timber
Biomass
Firewood
Energy
Mining and Minerals
Maps
Trail Maps
Seedlings
Discover Pass
Recreation
Product Sales
Aquatic RESOURCES
Reserves
Creosote Removal
Mooring Buoys
Razor Clams
Aquatic Leasing
Other Aquatic Resources
WILDFIRE RESOURCES
Fighting Fire
Defending Your Home
Prevention
Burn Permits
Industrial Fire Precaution Levels (IFPL)
Burn Bans
Fire Business Documents
EARTH RESOURCES
Geologic Information Portal
Energy, Mining, and Minerals
Earthquakes
Landslides
Volcanoes
Tsunamis
Other Geology Resources
More Resources
Media Contacts
Public Disclosure
Rule Making
SEPA
Tribal Relations
Share a photo or video
Regions and Districts
Reports
Open Data
Not a supported browser
CONTACT US
PRIVACY POLICY
LEARNING CENTER
OUTLOOK
CITRIX
VPN
© 2020 Department of Natural Resources