http://www.octopus.com/privacy
Octopus Deploy
Features
Pricing
What's New
Resources
Downloads
Documentation
Support
Events
Partners
Blog
Sign in
Get started
Octopus Deploy Privacy Policy
This policy was last updated on 1 September 2019.
Octopus Deploy respects your privacy. All information you give us is treated with the utmost care and security.
Please take time to read this policy, as it explains the type of data we collect, and how your personal information
will be treated like us. We do not sell, rent or loan any identifiable information you or any of our customers to any third party.
Only in the circumstances described within this Privacy Policy would we share your information with any third party.
Our use of personal data is in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations 2016 (GDPR).
If you're visiting our websites, using our products and services, working with any of our teams, meeting us at events or applying for a role with us, this privacy policy sets out what data we collect, and how we use it. It also describes your rights regarding our use of your data.
We collect common types of personal information, such as: name, company, postal address, email address, and phone number.
We use this information to:
Provide, operate, maintain and improve our website, products and services
Process and complete transactions and orders, and send you related information
To meet our legal and compliance responsibilities
Send transactional messages, such as responding to your comments or feedback, providing customer service and support, and sending you technical notices such as alerts or status updates
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities for marketing or advertising purposes
For other purposes, for which we will obtain your consent
Compiling aggregate analytics about how you use features of our products, in order to improve them
Customize the service we provide to you
Administrate or otherwise carry out our obligations in relation to any agreement you have with us
Send you our newsletter, where this is requested by you
Track your engagement with us, including through our website, articles and newsletters
Create trial and starter licenses
Understand how you use our products and services
Improve our products and services
Process your application if you apply for a job with us
Information we collect and receive
1. Information that you give to us directly
Our Websites, Cloud, and Server products may ask for information about you and the company you work for. This is collected
as you register for an account, purchase licenses, register for product trials, or otherwise use or interact
with our website. Examples of the information we collect includes:
Contact information, such as your name, email, mailing address and phone number
Billing information, such as credit card details and billing addresses
Profile information, such as a username, profile photo and job title
Preferences, such as notification and email marketing preferences
This information is provided by you when you enter it into our website or use one of our products, and so you naturally
consent to us collecting it for these purposes.
In some cases information about you may be entered by someone else, typically a billing or system administrator
at your company - for example when they set up an account for you, or include you as a contact on an invoice.
If you are providing information about someone else, you must have the authority to act for them and to consent to
the collection and use of their personal information as described in this policy.
When you use our Server products, the information that we collect is limited to:
Contact information you provide when registering for a product trial
Statistics on how you use our Server products, such as the number of projects or deployments (learn more)
Server-specific information such as operating system versions, CPU usage, memory and disk size information
We also collect content that you create, input, send, submit or upload when using our websites and support services.
Examples of content you might provide includes comments on blog posts, support requests and emails that you send us, or data that
you enter in the the course of using the functionality in our Websites or Cloud products (but not Server products). This content
includes any personal information, or sensitive information, that you choose to include.
2. Information that we collect indirectly
We also gather information about you indirectly, through observing how you use our websites or Cloud products. This includes:
Web server logs, which capture information including your IP address, browser and operating system version, and URLs requested.
This information is typically not personally identifying, though it may incidentally capture personally identifiable information if that information is included
as part of the request (for example, in a URL query string).
Analytics data which is captured either by us, or by third parties analytics partners.
This information is used to improve our website and products.
As at the time this policy was last updated, we use the following third party analytics partners:
Google Analytics. To learn more about the privacy policy of Google Analytics, refer to Google's Policies and Principles.
Use the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent analytics information from being sent to Google Analytics.
Cookies & tracking technologies
We use cookies for a number of reasons that are essential to providing the service: for example, to allow you to sign in,
or to detect abuse of our systems, to remember your preferences, or to gather statistics about how our website is used
without your personal information. All of the cookies we issue are provided for these reasons.
Your web browser allows you to control whether cookies can be stored by our websites. However, disabling cookies will
prevent certain parts of our websites from working correctly. Your web browser’s documentation has more information on
controlling cookie behavior. If you want to revoke your consent to us tracking your activity, you can do so by clearing your cookies.
How we disclose data
Octopus Deploy does not sell or rent your personal information to marketers or unaffiliated third parties. We may share your personal information
with trusted third parties, including:
Third parties: We may share your personal information with third parties in the event of any
reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of
our business, assets or stock.
Service providers: We may share your personal information with service providers who help us provide our services.
Service providers help us with things like payment processing (i.e., banks, credit bureaus, payment method providers),
website hosting, data analysis, information technology and related infrastructure, customer service, email delivery, and auditing.
Safety, legal, and law enforcement: We use and disclose personal information as we believe necessary:
(i) under applicable law, or payment method rules;
(ii) to enforce our terms and conditions;
(iii) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others;
and (iv) to respond to requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government
authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
To the public: for content that you have explicitly given us permission to publish, such as on a public forum,
or as a testimonial. We may also use your company name in order to promote our products.
Choice and access
You have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information.
You can choose to "Decline" consent for third party cookies and tracking of how you interact with our site
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the 'unsubscribe' link on any promotional email we send you.
If you have provided a testimonial or we have used your company as an example of a customer using our products, you can require that we stop doing so.
You can request to see what personal information we have about you, and ask us to delete it. We may not always be able to delete information we have: for example, it may be needed for legal or compliance reasons.
Use of services by minors
Our services are not directed to individuals under the age of 13, and we request that they not provide personal information
through our websites, products or services.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at support@octopus.com. Happy deployments!
Customer Agreement
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Usage
GDPR