http://www.rtpiconsultants.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions
Users of the Royal Town Planning Institute’s (RTPI) Directory of Planning Consultants site are bound by the terms and conditions set out below so please read these carefully before continuing.
PortalPlanQuest provides the Directory of Planning Consultants site on behalf of the RTPI.
The RTPI reserves the right to modify, add to or amend these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement, and any other related policies at any time without notice. Any such modifications, additions or amendment will be effective immediately on being posted to The Directory of Planning Consultants site. Continued use of The Directory of Planning Consultants after any modification, addition and/or change has been made is your acceptance of the updated version.
The RTPI and PortalPlanQuest are not responsible for the websites to which this Directory of Planning Consultants displays links. The user uses any such links or websites at their own risk. Please be aware that other websites which are accessible from The Directory of Planning Consultants may contain terms and conditions which are different from these terms and conditions.
Intended users
The Directory of Planning Consultants contains only current full Chartered Members or Legal Associates of the RTPI active in the United Kingdom who have chosen to list themselves in the Directory on a commercial basis. These Members are governed by the RTPI’s Code of Conduct and Professional Indemnity Insurance, details of which can be found at www.rtpi.org.uk
If you choose to access The Directory of Planning Consultants from other locations outside the United Kingdom you do so on your own initiative and you are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
Intellectual Property and Copyright
Unless otherwise stated, any intellectual property rights arising in respect of The Directory of Planning Consultants design, text, graphics, its selection and arrangement, software and all other material (the 'Content') on or in The Directory of Planning Consultants belongs to the RTPI and PortalPlanQuest, or third party content providers where indicated.
Copying or use of such intellectual property rights or software is not permitted without the prior approval of the intellectual property owner, unless expressly allowed under these terms and conditions.
Unauthorised access by third parties
We have implemented security policies, controls and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control in line with our Privacy Policy. However, should third parties access The Directory of Planning Consultants, the RTPI and PortalPlanQuest will not be liable for any damages or loss arising out of or resulting from any unauthorised access to, alteration to or modification of information contained on The Directory of Planning Consultants.
Illegal Use
You must not use The Directory of Planning Consultants for any of the following:
For fraudulent purposes or in connection with a criminal offence or other unlawful activity
To send, state, publish, use or reuse any material which is offensive, abusive, defamatory, indecent, obscene, threatening or illegal or in breach of any other rights
To transmit any chain letters, spam letters, junk email or participate in mischievous or malicious behaviour which causes or may cause damage, annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety to the RTPI, PortalPlanQuest or any other member or user of the
The Directory of Planning Consultants.
The RTPI and PortalPlanQuest will co-operate with investigations by any law enforcement agency or any relevant authority in the investigation of suspected criminal activity and/or violation of its systems and networks.
Any breach of these terms and conditions shall entitle the RTPI and PortalPlanQuest to immediately terminate your use of The Directory of Planning Consultants and/or the agreement with you without notice.
Acceptance of the privacy policy
By accessing and using The Directory of Planning Consultants service you are consenting to our use and disclosure of your personal information in the manner described in these terms and conditions and the privacy policy below.
Links to The Directory of Planning Consultants
You are free to link to The Directory of Planning Consultants from your website. If you require assistance or help in determining the best link to use, please contact editorial@planningportal.co.uk.
Copying
You shall not copy, sell, rent, lease, license, sublicense, grant any rights in, transfer, distribute, time-share or otherwise assign to any third party any portion of The Directory of Planning Consultants
You must not permanently store or otherwise copy any content from The Directory of Planning Consultants for wider distribution or commercial gain.
Law and disputes
The terms and conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and any dispute arising in relation to The Directory of Planning Consultants whether on contract or in tort or otherwise shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
RTPI and PortalPlanQuest reserve the right to bring proceedings in the courts of the country of your residence or your principal place of business.
General
You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these terms and conditions. We reserve the right to assign, sub-licence or transfer any obligations under these terms and conditions to a third party. These terms and conditions cannot be varied except in writing by the RTPI or PortalPlanQuest.
If any provision in these terms and conditions is found to be invalid or unenforceable by any authority having competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these terms and conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect.
Failure by either party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions, or the failure of either party to exercise any right or remedy to which it is entitled under these terms and conditions shall not constitute a waiver of that right or remedy and shall not cause a diminution of the obligations established under these terms and conditions.
Headings in these Terms and Conditions are for convenience only and will have no legal meaning or effect.
Disclaimers
Accuracy/completeness of information
We require all users and providers of information to ensure the accuracy and completeness of their information. Information is provided without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind (whether express or implied), including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
The information provided on or via The Directory of Planning Consultants is intended to be informative only and is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. In using The Directory of Planning Consultants you acknowledge that any reliance upon any information obtained or received via The Directory of Planning Consultants shall be at your sole risk.
Neither the RTPI nor PortalPlanQuest accepts any responsibility for the goods and services provided by, or the conduct of, third parties on their websites. Third parties are responsible for the accuracy of all content and opinions expressed on their own websites, their own disclaimers and privacy policies. By using their websites or content or by entering into any agreement with them you will be bound by their terms and conditions.
Website functionality and data
We do not warrant that the functions of The Directory of Planning Consultants will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this Directory of Planning Consultants or the servers that make it available are free of viruses. We do not warrant that the data transmitted through The Directory of Planning Consultants will be uninterrupted, error free or free of viruses. In no event will we be liable for negligence (except for personal liability or death), any loss or damage including, without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damages whatsoever arising from use or loss of use of, data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of The Directory of Planning Consultants.
Definitions
Browser means a software application used to locate and display web pages.
Cookie means message given to a web browser by a web server. The browser in a text file called cookie.txt then stores the message. Each time the browser requests a page from the server, this message is sent back. A cookie's main objective is to identify users and personalise their visit by customising web pages for them for example by welcoming them by name next time they visit the same site. A site using cookies will usually invite you to provide personal information such as your name, e-mail address and interests.
The Directory of Planning Consultants means directory which helps users search and find companies that have a minimum of one Chartered Town Planner (RTPI planning consultant) working for them.
IP (Internet Protocol) means the technical standard that allows data to be transmitted between two devices connected to the internet.
PortalPlanQuest (Data Processor) means PortalPlanQuest Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales (registered with number 9400439) whose registered office is at 1390 Montpellier Court, Gloucester Business Park, Brockworth, Gloucester, GL3 4AH.
The RTPI (Data Controller) means Royal Town Planning Institute, a charity in England & Wales (registered number 262865) and Scotland (registered number SC037841), whose registered office is at 41 Botolph Lane, London, EC3R 8DL.
Third party content means the information, documents, material, advertising and sponsorship provided on or via The Directory of Planning Consultants by content developers other than PortalPlanQuest.
Web server - Delivers (serves up) web pages to your browser.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy forms part of the terms and conditions of The Directory of Planning Consultants.
By accessing and using this site, you are consenting to our use and disclosure of your personal information in the manner described in this privacy policy. If for some reason you object to this use and any disclosure of your personal information then please do not register with us or use The Directory of Planning Consultants.
Our full Terms and Conditions (including some definitions that may be relevant to this privacy policy) are available above.
Third Party websites linked to from The Directory of Planning Consultants are not covered by our Privacy Policy. We recommend you review the privacy policies of such websites before continuing to use these.
Data Controller
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 ("the Act"), the:
Data controller is the Royal Town Planning Institute, a charity in England & Wales (registered number 262865) and Scotland (registered number SC037841), whose registered office is at 41 Botolph Lane, London, EC3R 8DL.
Data Processor is PortalPlanQuest Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales (ICO number ZA154733) whose registered office is at 1390 Montpellier Court, Gloucester Business Park, Brockworth, Gloucester, GL3 4AH
What information do we collect from you?
We may collect and process the following personal data:
Information provided in relation to the consultant’s profile on The Directory of Planning Consultants including names, addresses and contact details;
Anonymised data from users, including IP address, browser or device;
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence;
We may from time to time ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them. We may keep the responses you submit to help us improve our services.
We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organisations.
If you would to like to view or access, amend or remove or your personal data or to delete your account, in line with the section ‘Access to information’ below, please contact us via the details contained in the ‘Contact Us’ section below.
For what purposes is the information being processed?
We use the information held about you is being shared with our Data Processor and used by them in the following ways:
To ensure that content from the website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your browser;
To comply with legal obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
To notify you about changes to our services;
To answer any of your questions;
To notify you about new products and services available on The Directory of Planning Consultants;
To carry out research to improve our service.
Account billing and auditing
System testing, maintenance and development
Ensuring our compliance with legal and regulatory obligations applicable to us and
Customer relations and to help us in any future dealings with you, for example by identifying your requirements and preferences.
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, other than which it was originally supplied, we are required by law to ask you first. We would usually do this via email or post but may use other means where appropriate to contact you.
Disclosure of your information
You agree that when you send us or provide us with personal information via email (that is, in a message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a form that emails us this information) or via telephone, we will use the information you provide to respond to your requests. You agree that we may forward your email or information to the RTPI, PortalPlanQuest and/or employees of partner organisations, or contract personnel who are better able to answer your questions.
We may disclose or share information we have collected and processed with a third party if we are under a duty to do so or in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the RTPI, PortalPlanQuest, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. You agree that if we transfer ownership or management of the website to a third party we may also transfer your data to such third party, provided such third party observes this policy.
Your data will not be shared for any other reason without your prior consent.
IP addresses and Cookies
Cookies are small computer files that help websites run effectively. Cookies are used by The Directory of Planning Consultants to manage access to the site and to help improve your user experience. In order to operate effectively, our cookies may record your IP address but will not capture any other personal information from your use of the website, though we may link it to other data you have supplied to us. We use our own cookies as well as third-party cookies, which are used to generate statistical information about our users (‘Google Analytics’). Save for the use of cookies, we do not automatically log data or collect data save for information you specifically provide to us.
View a complete list of cookies used on The Directory of Planning Consultants
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your internet browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Please be aware that disabling cookies may affect the functionality of The Directory of Planning Consultants and other websites that you visit.
For more information about cookies, visit: http://www.allaboutcookies.org
Confidentiality and security
Your attention is drawn to the fact that any information carried over the Internet is not secure; information can be intercepted, lost, redirected, changed and read by other people. Any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try and prevent unauthorised access and protect your personal data against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. We will retain your information for a reasonable period of time or as long as the law requires.
We have implemented security policies, controls and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
unauthorised access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorised modification
unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees, contractors and subcontractors who have access to and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data.
We use leading technologies and encryption software to safeguard your data, and set strict security standards to prevent any unauthorised access to it.
Your rights and responsibilities
Please ensure that any information you submit to us is accurate and correct. Do not include personal information about third parties unless you have told the individual concerned and they consent to it being supplied.
Tell us as soon as possible if any of the personal information you have provided should change.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. You should not share this password with anyone.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with the details of the information we hold about you. Evidence or proof of your identity will be required.
It is both in our interest and yours to hold accurate data. If the data we hold on you is inaccurate in any way, where appropriate, you may have the data:
erased
rectified or amended
completed
We reserve the right to refuse to provide you with a copy of your personal data, but will give reasons for our refusal and allow you to challenge our decision.
Contact us
If you have any questions about your personal data or our Privacy Policy or if you wish to correct any data about yourself that you feel to be inaccurate, wish to provide us with feedback, or make an access request to your personal data, please contact the Support Desk, making it clear that your request relates specifically to The Directory of Planning Consultants.
Email:
support@planningportal.co.uk
Address:
Support Desk, Planning Portal, Suite 4C, Spectrum Building, Bond Street, Bristol, BS1 3LG
Telephone Number:
0333 323 4589
Changes to the Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to amend our terms and conditions. Any changes we may make to our terms and conditions in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
This policy was last updated in October 2017
Home
Nations and regions
List your company
Register new company
Company login
About the RTPI
About the Planning Portal
FAQs
Contact us
Terms and conditions
This online directory is managed by the Planning Portal and TerraQuest on behalf of the Royal Town Planning Institute
© RTPI 2017. All Rights Reserved.