https://www.ovivowater.com/privacy-policy/
Top Header Menu ENALAR Water Treatment, Now an Ovivo Company
About
Our Brands
Our Mission & Vision
Media
Careers
English
Español
Français
InternationalToggle
United States
Germany
France
Netherlands
United Kingdom
Canada
United Arab Emirates
Singapore
Austria
Switzerland
China
Australia
Home
Drinking Water
WaterExpert™ System
Mixing / Flocculation
Flocculation
Mixer
Clarification / Sedimentation
Clarifier
Inclined Plate Separator
Reactor Clarifier
Raw Water Intake
Coarse Screen
Drum Screen
Inlet Screen
Filtration
Gravity Filtration
Nitrate Removal
Solids Handling
Solids Dewatering
Thickener
Flowsheet
Municipal Drinking Water
Electronics
Ovivo® Automation is preparing the switch to Industry 4.0
Semiconductor Wastewater Treatment
SiC FILTER RACK Ceramic Flat Sheet Membrane Filtration
ANALYZER
Online UREA Analyzer
Online THM Analyzer
Semiconductor Water Recycle/Reclaim
Ultrapure Water Treatment (UPW)
OVIVO U-PUR™
OvivUP™ – Ion Exchange Resins for UPW Plant
Electro Deionization
(EDI)
Glass Beads Filtration
UPW Pumps
Cartridge Filter Housing CF/CFHA
Flowsheet
Electronics
Metals
Municipal Wastewater
WaterExpert™ System
Inlet Works
Coarse Screen
Grit Classifier
Grit Trap
Inlet Screen
Screening Handling Removal
Sludge Handling
DAF
Membrane Thickener
Sludge Dewatering
Thickener
Sludge Treatment / Anaerobic Digestion
Digestion Mixing
Membrane Gasholders
Sidestream Treatment
Sludge Pre-Treatment
Steel Digester Covers
Aerobic Treatment / Nutrient Removal
Carrousel® Oxidation Ditch
AEROSTRIP® Diffused Aeration
Cleartec® IFAS
Trickling Filter
MBR
Ovivo® microBLOX™
Ovivo® MBR
Ovivo® stormBLOX™
Sludge Treatment / Aerobic Digestion
Aerobic Digestion
BioAlgaNyx™ Pretreatment Process
DigestivorePAD™
Wastewater Reuse / Tertiary Filtration
Gravity Filtration
Clarification / Sedimentation
Clarifier
Mobile Systems
Mobile Systems
Biogas Handling
Zero Liquid Discharge
Flowsheet
Municipal Wastewater
Oil & Gas
Petrochemical
Boiler Feed Water Treatment
Clarifier
Raw Water Intake
Band Screen
Coarse Screen
Drum Screen
Fish Handling Screen
Heat Exchanger / Condenser Optimisation
Automatic Backflushing Strainer
Automatic Debris Filter
Automatic Tube Cleaning System
Process/Wastewater Treatment
Clarifier
CPI
DAF
Dewatering
Reactor Clarifier
MBR
Thickener
Flowsheet
PETROCHEMICAL
Power
Boiler Feed Water Treatment
Clarifier
Reactor Clarifier
FGD Wastewater Treatment
Clarifier
Reactor Clarifier
Thickener
Condenser / Cooling Water Circuit Optimisation
Automatic Debris Filter
Automatic Tube Cleaning System
Cooling Water Treatment
Band Screen
Coarse Screen
Drum Screen
Fish Handling Screen
StopGate
Flowsheet
POWER
News and Events
This privacy policy describes the ways in which Ovivo, Inc. (“Ovivo”, “we,” “our,” or “us”) collect, use, and disclose personal information about you, how we use and protect personal information, and your rights in relation to personal information. We may obtain this information through our website www.ovivowater.com, the OVIVO WaterExpert™ mobile application, any Ovivo website that links to this policy and when you provide information to us directly (collectively, we call the ways we collect information from you the “Services”). By using the Services, you acknowledge that we will handle information as described in this privacy policy, which may be amended from time to time.
Personal information is information which relates to you, and which can, either on its own or in combination with other pieces of information, reasonably allow you to be identified
If you enter details on the website in the course of making a job application, we will use that information in accordance with our OVIVO Employee and Applicant Privacy Policy, which may be provided to you upon request.
1.	WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
1.1	Information You Provide
We and our service providers collect any information you provide when you use the Services, including when you create an account for yourself or other users (provision of which information is necessary for us to provide the functionality of the application), fill out a form, respond to a survey or communication, communicate with us, upload media or documentation to the Services, or order a product or service.
The information you provide us can include, but is not limited to:
(a)	Personal details (e.g. name, date of birth, employer’s information, business information)
(b)	Contact details (e.g. phone number, email address, postal address or mobile number)
(c)	Authentication and identification information (e.g. username, password);
(d)	Business information (e.g. employer name, job title, professional qualifications);
(e)	Transactional information (e.g. information about your Services you request or provide, information relating to any of your requests, queries or complaints); and
You may also provide us with similar details about other users for whom you may create an account. Some of this information may be necessary for us to provide services to you (e.g. we cannot create an account for you if you do not provide authentication and identification information).
1.2	Information We Collect from other Sources
As described above, we may collect personal information about you if an account is created in your name by another person within your organisation, or if they otherwise provide us with your personal information. We may also collect personal information about you from other sources, including your company’s website and from our partners that provide information about potential customers, which may be publicly-available sources.
The categories of information that we collect about you from these other sources are:
(a)	Personal details (e.g. name, date of birth, employer’s information, business information);
(b)	Contact details (e.g. phone number, email address, postal address or mobile number);
(c)	Business information (e.g. employer name, job title, professional qualifications); and
1.3	Information Automatically Collected about You
We and our service providers automatically collect certain technical information from your computer or mobile device over time when you use these devices to access the Services, and will collect this technical information across different websites.
The categories of personal information we collect about you automatically include:
(a)	Browser details (e.g. Internet Protocol address, your browser type),
(b)	Device details (e.g. device model, MAC address, advertising identifier, operating system);
(c)	Precise real-time location information from your device’s GPS. We will only collect this information with your consent. Once you have consented to this, you can adjust this consent by managing your location settings through your device or browser;
(d)	Usage details (e.g. search requests and results, application usage data, and suggestions based on user actions); and
Some of this information may be collected through the use of “cookies” or similar technologies such as pixels, clear gifs or device fingerprints (together referred to as “cookies”). Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider may transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
2.	COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
A cookie may be a ‘session’ cookie, that is, a cookie that remains on your device or browser while you are logged on to a particular web site and then disappears when you close your browser, or it may be a ‘persistent’ cookie, a cookie that remains on your browser over a period of time. Information from a cookie may be collected and used in aggregate form. Some cookies are placed directly by us, and others are placed by third party companies. Where they are placed by third party companies, they will be subject to the privacy policies of those third parties.
Some cookies are served directly by us, and others are served by third parties, such as by advertising and data analytics providers. We use the following types of cookies:
Essential cookies: these are operationally necessary for the functionality of the Services.
Analytics cookies: we use Google Analytics to collect information on how our Services are used and to report on our Services’ usage statistics.
Advertising cookies: we work with third party advertising networks that collect information using cookies to help make the advertising you see on our Services and elsewhere on the internet more relevant to you, and to measure the effectiveness of the advertising on the Services.
You can make choices in relation to whether you accept cookies as described in the ‘Your Choices’ section below.
3.	HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
to provide you with products, services, or information you request, in order to meet our contractual obligations to you pursuant to any agreement between us;
to personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested;
to respond to your customer service requests and to communicate with you regarding your account, orders, or use of the Services, including by live chat, email, or phone;
to process your transactions, in order to meet our contractual obligations to you pursuant to any agreement between us;
where we are permitted by law to do so (which in some circumstances may require that we obtain your consent in advance), to deliver marketing communications, promotional materials, or advertisements that may be of interest to you;
to allow us to improve the Services and the services we provide, such as by better tailoring our content to our users’ needs and preferences;
to generate and analyze statistics about your use of the Services;
to protect our rights, the integrity of the Services, or your safety or the safety of others;
to detect, prevent, or respond to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our company policies, violations of law, or other misuse of the Services;
Unless otherwise described above, we will use the information in this way to meet our legitimate business interests. We have an interest in improving the functionality of the Services (through tailoring content, and analyzing statistics) to make sure you have the best experience using the Services, and an interest in communicating with you (through marketing, responses to customer service requests and content delivery) in a way that is most useful to you. We also have an interest in protecting our rights and upholding the law.
You can contact us using the details set out below for more information about our legitimate interests and the measures we have taken to ensure your rights are not infringed. Subject to local law, you can also object to any processing which we carry out on the basis of our legitimate interests.
We may also combine or aggregate any of the information we collect through the Services for any of these purposes.
4.	HOW DO WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION?
Except as otherwise described in this privacy policy, we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties any personally identifiable information we collect through the Services unless we provide you with advance notice. Otherwise, we may disclose information we collect through the Services:
to third parties that provide services to us in connection with our business operations, including but not limited to third parties that assist us in operating the Services, provide order and payment processing services, or deliver communications to you, for the purposes described above;
to equipment manufacturers related to the equipment they provide, for analysis and improvement, on the basis that it is in our legitimate business interests to ensure that this equipment meets the highest standards. We take steps (including contractual commitments) to ensure that equipment manufacturers do not use personal information we provide in ways they are not permitted by applicable law;
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, including warrants, or to comply with government reporting obligations;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary (a) to protect our rights, the integrity of the Services, or your safety or the safety of others, or (b) to detect, prevent, or respond to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our company policies, violations of law, or other misuse of the Services; and
to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets.
We may also provide information we collect through the Services which has been anonymized to the extent that you are no longer identifiable to third parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
This sharing may involve the transfer, storage and/or processing of your information in the following countries: Australia, Austria, Canada, China, France, Germany, Holland, Singapore, Switzerland, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom and the United States of America . Some of these countries may not be regarded as providing the same level of protection for personal information as the laws of your country. In such cases, we have put in place appropriate safeguards (such as contractual commitments) in accordance with applicable legal requirements to provide adequate protections for your personal information. For more information on the appropriate safeguards in place and to obtain a copy of such safeguards, please contact us at the contact information set forth below.
5.	HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We maintain administrative, technical, and physical security measures designed to safeguard the information collected by the Services.
However, no information system can be 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information.
Moreover, we are not responsible for the security of information you transmit to the Services over networks that we do not control, including the Internet and wireless networks.
We will keep your personal information for as long as we have a relationship with you (e.g. for as long as you are a user of our Services). Once our relationship with you has come to an end, we will retain your personal information for a period of time that enables us to:
Maintain business records for analysis and/or audit purposes
Comply with record retention requirements under the law
Defend or bring any existing or potential legal claims
Deal with any complaints regarding the Services
We will delete your personal information when it is no longer required for these purposes. If there is any information that we are unable, for technical reasons, to delete entirely from our systems, we will put in place appropriate measures to prevent any further processing or use of the data
6.	YOUR CHOICES
You have certain rights regarding the personal information we hold about you, subject to local law. These may include the rights to access, correct, delete, restrict our use of, or receive a portable copy in a usable electronic format of your personal information. You also may also object to our uses of your personal information as described above.
We encourage you to contact us at the contact information set out below to update or correct your information if it changes or if the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate.
Where you have provided your consent to any use of your personal information, you can withdraw this consent at any time.
If you would like to discuss or exercise any rights you may have under law, please contact our Privacy Officer at the contact information set forth below. We work with you to make sure that any concerns you have about the use of your information are addressed appropriately, but if you feel we are unable to resolve a particular concern you may have the right to complain to the data protection authority in your country of residence.
If you do not want the Services to collect information through the use of cookies (which may be the case), you can set your web browser to reject cookies from the Services.
Each browser is different, so you should check your browser’s “Help” menu to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
If you reject or block cookies from the Services, however, the Services may not function as intended.
We do not currently respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide a method to opt out of the collection of information, including through cookies, across the networks of websites and online services in which we participate. For more information about these signals, visit www.allaboutdnt.org.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future marketing emails, you can email us at support@ovivowater.com. Alternatively, you may follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL marketing correspondence. You may continue to receive communications related to the servicing of your account or your relationship with Ovivo, or other communications as permitted by applicable laws.
7.	CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If we update this Privacy Policy, we will post the new Privacy Policy on this page. If we have your contact details, we will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy.
8.	CONTACTING US
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact our Privacy Officer using the information below.
Ovivo Inc.
Attn: Privacy Officer
1010 Sherbrooke West, Suite 1700
Montreal, QC H3A 2R7, Canada
privacy.officer@ovivowater.com514-284-2224
You may direct a complaint concerning compliance with the Privacy Policy to our Privacy Officer. The complaint must be in writing.
Within a reasonable time of receipt of the complaint, the Privacy Officer will conduct an investigation into the complaint.
The format of this investigation will vary depending on the circumstances. The Privacy Officer will inform you, either orally or in writing, of the result of its investigation and any appropriate measures we will take to rectify the source of the complaint if necessarily required.
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you have the right to make a complaint to the data protection authority of the country in which you live using their website.
Newsletter By subscribing to our newsletter you always stay up to date with the latest news from Ovivo & your relevant industry.
Copyright © 2020 Ovivo. All rights reserved - Developed by Biztech
Send this to a friendYour emailRecipient emailSendCancel
This website uses cookies and similar identifiers to help us analyze your use of our site so we can improve their performance and functionality. By clicking 'Allow' you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy PolicyAllowDecline
Revoke Cookies