http://www.esaa.org/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Statement is to inform you how the Environmental Services Association of Alberta gathers and uses your personal and non-personal information when you visit our web site. ESAA reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement at any time by notifying visitors to this web site of the existence of a new Privacy Policy.What Personal Information is Collected From YouWe do not collect personal information about you unless you specifically and knowingly provide such information to us. Instances where we may collect such information include:Where you have filled in a form requesting information or purchasing a productWhere you have disclosed personally identifiable information on discussion forums, career listing postings, etc.We endeavor only to collect personal information necessary in the circumstances. In the above-mentioned instances, personal information collected may include your name, organization name, address, phone number, fax number. and e-mail address.How Your Personal Information is Used by the Environmental Services Association of AlbertaIf you have provided your personal information by filling in a form, your personal information will only be used for the purposes of that request or purchase, unless you otherwise provide us with your consent. Non-personal aggregate information may also be extracted or compiled from the information we collect. Such information may be used to generate statistics and aggregate reports for internal use by ESAA. In this instance, these statistics and reports will contain only aggregated and no personally identifiable information. Your identity is kept strictly anonymous.“Cookies” and Password-protected Members Only ServicesThe Environmental Association of Alberta web site login system uses cookies. A “cookie” is a small file that our Web server places on your computer’s hard drive when you log in to a member area of our web site. Cookies cannot damage files, nor can they read information from a user’s hard drive. This cookie does not contain any personal information, but it allows our server to identify you as having successfully logged in so that you do not have to re-enter your password each time you access a password-protected page during that session. The Association does not use cookies to monitor which Web pages an individual visits.Note: You may set your browser to warn you before you accept a cookie. You may also set your browser to refuse all cookies.  In order to access password protected member areas on this web site, you must accept a cookie from our Web server.Complete documentation of our privacy policy is available in PDF format here.New Members Join Now Member Directory