http://www.ascb.org/privacy-policy/
Join
or Renew
Community Member Profile Volunteer
About ASCB
Online Store
Contact
Donate to ASCB
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The American Society for Cell Biology (“ASCB”) respects the privacy of its members, customers, contacts, and partners. To protect online privacy, the ASCB has implemented the following policy.
Policy Overview
Data collected by the ASCB are used to provide better service to the ASCB’s members and other users of the ASCB’s web site. It is the ASCB’s policy to collect and store only information that users voluntarily provide.
Personal Data
Personal data is defined in this policy and in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as any information relation to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier.
Data Controller
The ASCB is the data controller of your Personal Data, but the ASCB also acts as a data processor on behalf of members for Personal Data that is processed through the websites.
Data Processing
Information submitted on the ASCB’s websites is collected, stored, and processed in the US.  If you are outside the U.S., your Personal Data and other information will be transferred to the U.S..  The data privacy and data protection laws outside your country may offer less protection than the laws in your country. By using our website and services, you agree to the transfer of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to such cross-border transfers of your Personal Data, please do not submit it through our website.
Notice for Visitors
The ASCB may collect certain personal data when a user visits the website.  Aggregate data, such as IP addresses and the number of hits per page, may be collected. We may use information about your IP address to help diagnose problems, perform administrative tasks, analyze trends, track page usage statistics, and gather information that assists us in identifying visitor preferences. We may also use aggregate data for our business purposes such as disclosing such data to our partners and service providers, however this aggregate data does not identify you. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the ASCB may share personal data disclosed with consultants and staff for internal business purposes and as required by law if such data are subpoenaed.
Age Restrictions
Our memberships, services, and meetings are designed for those over the age of 18, and are most certainly not directed to, or to our knowledge used by, children under 13 years of age.  Our memberships, services, and meetings are not targeted to, intended to be consumed by, or designed to entice individuals under the age of 18 and certainly not for those under 13 years.  If you know of or have any reason to believe anyone under the age of 18 and in the very remote event that you know of or have any reason to believe anyone under the age of 13 years has provided us with any personal data, please contact us.
Cookies
A cookie is a file that stores data on a user’s computer or returns it to the web server. The data in the file is information a user has entered using an online form, or generic information about the visiting user, such as IP address or browser type. A cookie can either be temporary or persistent, but ultimately the user is in control of if and how any cookie is stored through their web browser.
The ASCB requires cookies to provide functionality on certain areas of the website; the member portal for example. If cookies are not enabled, those areas will not function as intended and the ASCB will be unable to provide the full range of services the user might be expecting. ASCB does not store any financial information in cookies.
The ASCB also uses certain third party cookies for advertising purposes, to let you know about ASCB programs and services you might be interested in. These cookies are used to provide ads relevant to your interest as you travel around the web. You may set your browser to block these cookies.
Online Forms
Several areas of the ASCB website (such as membership forms, meeting registration forms, abstract submission forms, and online voting) request users to provide various types of information: contact information (e.g., names and email addresses), financial information (like credit card information), and demographic information (like address and zip code). Each type of information serves a different purpose, depending on where it is requested. The types of personal data we collect are based on the services being requested by the user.
Contact information obtained from order forms may be used to provide information about educational programs and the like. Financial information that is collected is used solely to bill the user for products and/or services ordered. Financial information will in no way be used for marketing purposes, nor will it be shared with any third parties unless the third party manages the billing for the ASCB.
Emails
The ASCB uses email as a method to communicate with members and colleagues. Users may change their communication preferences and also withdraw consent to receive emails at any time.
Security Capabilities and Financial Information
Financial information may be collected online when individuals register for meetings, submit abstracts, order publications, or make payment for membership. The online forms are secured using SSL protocols.  This encrypts the entered information during the transaction in order to protect the information from unauthorized access. The SSL certs are provided by trusted and established certificate vendors.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. ASCB is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. Websites maintained by third parties may collect information and use it in a way inconsistent with this privacy statement. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave the ASCB’s websites, and to read the privacy statements of each website they visit. Websites maintained by third parties may also refer to ASCB products, processes, or services; unless ASCB has provided explicit authority, such references in no way indicate our endorsement, recommendation, or preference.
Feedback
We may request information regarding various aspects of our services and programs from users through surveys. Survey participation is completely voluntary and the user has a choice whether or not to disclose any information. Information requested may include contact information and demographic information. Feedback received is used to improve our websites and programs. Personal information submitted by the user in response to surveys may be used to provide information on opportunities for participation in educational activities and leadership in ASCB, as indicated in survey forms.
Electronic comments submitted in connection with or in response to a request for input will only be published if permission is provided by the user. Participation is completely voluntary and the user has a choice whether or not to disclose any information.
Community and Public Areas
Unless clearly declared a “private” area, information posted to online forums, message boards, chat areas, news groups, and other interactive web pages is available for viewing (but not discussion) by the general public. Use of such interactive web pages is voluntary and information posted on these formats may be deleted at any time. We expect communications on such pages to be respectful of others and of the ASCB’s mission. We do not typically monitor our interactive web pages; parents should use caution when allowing children to view those pages. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. The email addresses of users who post such may be available to anyone who browses or uses the message area. Please use caution when posting any such information. The ASCB does not control the sending or receiving of email messages as a result of postings to our websites.
Ways of Obtaining Personal Data
The ways by which ASCB obtains personal data are defined hereby. ASCB does not obtain any personal information about users unless they have voluntarily provided that information to ASCB via means including but not limited to membership forms, surveys, or other on-line or hard copy forms. Members and users may choose to submit personal information by mail, phone, e-mail, or other means as deemed appropriate at that time.
The types of personal data that we collect vary based on the services offered but generally include name, address, telephone number, company name, job title, e-mail address, and other information voluntarily submitted.
While on the ASCB website, information may be collected about your device and activity on the website. Some of the information collected may consist of, but is not limited to, search terms, browser information, computer or device type, operating system, website usage, referring/exit pages, date/time stamp, number of clicks, and ads viewed.
Use of the Information this Site Gathers and Tracks
The ASCB uses voluntarily submitted contact information to send information about meetings and membership benefits and discounts, such as voting privileges, award opportunities, funding agency requests for information, leadership opportunities, etc., as well as the ASCB Newsletter.  Contact information is also used when necessary for contractual and legitimate business purposes. The online Membership Directory is provided for informational purposes, and members may elect to be excluded from the directory either at the time of application or by contacting the ASCB and asking to be removed, as described below. (The Directory is only accessible to current members and requires a login.)
On occasion, ASCB may rent its membership and meeting registration mailing lists for use by third parties to promote meetings, publications, or products of interest. These rented lists are mailing addresses only and do not include email addresses, phone numbers, or any other information collected by ASCB. Members have the option to be removed from these mailing lists by contacting the ASCB.
We also compile, anonymize and/or aggregate personal data and other information collected about Websites’ visitors, as described in this Privacy Policy, and use such anonymized and/or aggregated data for our business purposes, including disclosing such data to our partners, service providers, advertisers and/or other third parties for marketing or promotional purposes. This aggregate information does not identify you. This use of your personal data is necessary for our legitimate interests in understanding how the websites and our products and services are being used by you and to improve your experience on it.
We may also disclose personal data to third parties in the following circumstances:
– If you request or authorize (when required by the law, we will inform you in advance of the third parties to which we may provide your data and the purpose for doing so, and we will obtain your prior consent for such use);
– The information is provided, to comply with the law (for example, to comply with a search warrant, subpoena or other legal process), to protect our rights, property or safety, or the rights, property or safety of our employees or others, or to investigate fraud,
– To address emergencies;
– To address disputes, claims, or to persons holding a legal or beneficial interest;
– If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, in which case your personal data and other information may be transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction along with other assets.
Data Subject Rights
Subject to applicable law, you have the following rights in relation to your personal data:
Right of access: If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your personal data and, if so, provide you with a copy of that personal data (along with certain other details). If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.
Right to rectification: If your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have it rectified or completed. If we have shared your personal data with others, we will tell them about the rectification where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your personal data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to erasure: You may ask us to delete or remove your personal data and we will do so in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it (we may not delete your data when other interests outweigh your right to deletion). If we have shared your data with others, we will tell them about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your personal data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to restrict processing: You may ask us to restrict or ‘block’ the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of that personal data or object to us processing it. We will tell you before we lift any restriction on processing. If we have shared your personal data with others, we will tell them about the restriction where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your personal data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to data portability: Effective 25 May 2018, you have the right to obtain your personal data from us that you consented to give us or that is necessary to perform a contract with you. We will give you your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You may reuse it elsewhere.
Right to object: You may ask us at any time to stop processing your personal data, and we will do so:
If we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your personal data — unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing; or
If we are processing your personal data for direct marketing.
Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling: You have the right to be free from decisions based solely on automated processing of your personal data, including profiling, that affect you, unless such processing is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us or you provide your explicit consent to such processing.
Right to withdraw consent: If we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your prior consent.
Right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority: If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we have handled your personal data, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns.
You may exercise your rights by contacting us as indicated under “Communication Preferences” section below.
Changes to This Statement
The ASCB reserves the right to change this privacy statement at any time. We will use data in accordance with the privacy statement under which any data have been collected. Questions should be sent to ascbinfo@ascb.org.
Communication Preferences
Users can change their communication preferences at any time by logging into the the myASCB  portal on the website.  This includes consenting to, or removing consent from, all of our communication areas.  Alternatively, users can communicate their wishes to ASCB via the following:
By sending an email to ascbinfo@ascb.org
By sending mail or fax to:
Membership Manager
American Society for Cell Biology
8120 Woodmont Avenue, Suite 750
Bethesda, MD 20814-2762
USA
Fax: (301) 347-9310
By calling the following telephone number: (301) 347-9300
Opting-Out of Targeted Ads
The ASCB uses retargeting platforms to reach you with custom advertisements across different websites. The information below will allow you to opt out of targeted ads by taking the relevant action. You will still see ads if you opt out, but they will not be personalized based on your interests.
The below items are opt-out instructions via AdRoll’s privacy policy—you can view the entire policy here.
Web browser:You can opt-out of receiving personalized ads (including retargeted ads) by clicking on the blue icon that typically appears in the corner of the ads we serve and following the instructions provided or by clicking here. The “opt-out” function is browser-specific and relies on an “opt-out cookie”, thus, if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt-out again. If you use a Safari browser, please also see directions regarding our cookie-less technology opt-out, below.
Cross Device Opt-Out:In some cases we may link multiple browsers or devices to you. If you opt-out on a browser or device and we have additional devices or browsers linked to you, we will extend your opt-out decision to any other linked browsers and devices. Since we only link users across browsers and devices in some conditions, there could be cases where you are still being tracked in a different browser or device we have not linked, and where we are treating you as a different user.
Mobile Device Opt-Out:To opt-out of receiving targeted ads that are based on your behavior across different mobile applications follow the below instructions, for iOS and Android devices:
iOS 7 or Higher: Go to your Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting; and
For Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 or higher: Open your Google Settings app > Select Ads > Enable “Opt out of interest-based advertising”.
Note to Safari Users.When you opt-out on a browser, we, other advertising platforms, and other third parties, generally place a cookie on your browser instructing us not to use your other online behaviors to customize the ads you see. However, if you are using a Safari browser, opt-out cookies that are set for purposes of restricting this type of advertising may be deleted prior to their intended expiration date; we have no control over these browser controls or cookie deletions.
Reminder to Users Residing in a European Territory:If you are located in a European Territory you will also have additional data protection rights. These are described under the “Information for European Territory Residents: Our Legal Basis and Your Rights” section below.
ASCB Post Updates
MBoC seeks early-career editors to focus on curating preprints
December 3, 2020
Hyman to present Keith Porter lecture at Cell Bio Virtual 2020
December 1, 2020
Stunning imagery on display in 2020 ASCB Image and Video Contest
December 1, 2020
Become a Member
Donate to the ASCB
To provide you more clarity about how we collect, store and use personal information, and your rights to control that information, we have updated our privacy policy, which also explains how we use cookies. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.I Agree