http://www.chicagobotanic.org/privacy
Online Privacy Policy Statement | Chicago Botanic Garden
Skip to main content
Google Tag Manager
Toggle navigation
Visit Plan Your Visit
Buy Parking
What's In Bloom
Become a Member
Accessibility
Events Calendar
Fall Bulb Festival
Night of 1,000 Jack-o'-Lanterns
Lightscape
Exhibitions
Private Events
Horticulture Gardens
Plant Collections
Plant Finder
Gardening Help
Education School
Adult Education
Youth & Family
Teachers & Students
Urban Agriculture
Horticultural Therapy
Lenhardt Library
Science Science & Conservation
Graduate Programs
Internships
Scientists
Support Membership
Donate
Corporate Support
Volunteer
About Mission & History
Leadership
Strategic Plan
Annual Report
Employment
Policies & Procedures
Contact Us
Hello. Sign in
Cart
Your cart is empty.
Parking
Donate
Join
Search form
Online Privacy Policy Statement
Chicago Botanic Garden Web Site, 1000 Lake Cook Road, Glencoe, IL 60022.
How is My Online Information Used?
Our online privacy policy is simple: we don't sell, barter, give away or rent your email to any outside organization.
For each visitor to our web page, our web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible). We collect aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page and is not shared with other organizations.
Email Communications
We provide free eNewsletters to keep you up-to-date on Chicago Botanic Garden programs and events. We do not sell, rent or share your email information with anyone. You can subscribe and unsubscribe to receive this information at anytime. If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by writing to us at the above address and telling us that you do not want to receive email from our organization.
Opt-out and Correction Procedures
You always may opt-out of receiving future email messages and enewsletters. You can stop receiving email communications from us at any time by selecting the "unsubscribe" text link provided at the bottom of all email communications. We also permit you to correct or update personal information that you have previously provided to us.
Surveys
We deploy surveys online and on location (in order to get information) to help us understand our audience. You may decide whether or not you want to answer our survey questions. No personal information from these surveys is disclosed to third party organizations.
Security
The Chicago Botanic Garden makes every effort to ensure that its Web site is secure. For the protection of transactions on the Web site, the Garden uses the industry standard 128-bit secure socket layer (SSL) protocol. Socket layer technology encrypts your credit card information to prevent it from being decoded by anyone but the Chicago Botanic Garden. If you prefer, you may phone or fax your order.
Visit
1000 Lake Cook RoadGlencoe, IL 60022DirectionsGarden MapSmartphone AppAdmission is free.Parking rates apply.
Connect
Customer Service: (847) 835-6801Main: (847) 835-5440Member: (847) 835-8215E-newsletter UpdatesGarden BlogPress RoomCreditsPrivacy Policy
Daily Hours
Today, October 9, 20208 a.m. – 5 p.m.
Follow
PFLXNII
© 2020 Chicago Botanic Garden. All rights reserved. One of the treasures of the Forest Preserves of Cook County.