https://www.keywestaquarium.com/privacy-policy
We are open! See what we are doing to ensure a safe guest experience. Learn more >
KEY WEST AQUARIUM
Customized Virtual Tours starting at $10.75, click here for details.
Tickets
Menu
Back
Tickets
Close
Menu
Visit
Hours, Map, Directions, & Parking
Pricing & Packages
Aquarium History
FAQ’s
Reviews
Meet the Team
Educational Programs
Touch Tank
Key West With Kids
Virtual Tours
Groups
Support Conservation
Support
Research Conservation
WIldlife Guide
Sharks
Sea Turtles
Jellyfish
Alligators
Stingray
All Wildlife
Contact Us
Contact Us
Customer Service & Refund Policy
Media Ticket Request
Career Opportunities
Facebook keywest aquarium
Instagram keywest aquarium
twitter keywest aquarium
youtube keywest aquarium
Your Privacy
Key West Aquarium, part of the Historic Tours of America family values its customers and respects their privacy. We adhere to the highest ethical standards and practices in all of our operations and are dedicated to protecting the privacy of all visitors to our Websites.
Gathering and Use of Information
While we don’t require personal information to obtain general access to any of our websites, Historic Tours of America, Inc. collects information voluntarily provided from our visitors in an effort to improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products, services, contests, and promotions. We record information provided when shopping online, including your shipping, billing and e-mail addresses. We also keep a record of your product interests, purchases and any information you choose to give us, such as survey and registration information. Additionally, Historic Tours of America tracks the information on our websites that appeal to our visitors by following which of our web pages are visited and what services are most often used. This information is used to make ongoing changes and improvements to our websites. Historic Tours of America, Inc. does not rent or sell any of the information collected to third parties. The information collected from visitors to our websites provides our company with invaluable information about consumers interactions with our products, assists us with the development of new products and services, and helps us evaluate what types of information you might be interested in. By using the information this way, we can ensure that we will continue to offer you the best shopping and Internet experience possible. Any information you submit implies consent for this use of the information. After you purchase from us, we will send you information regarding your purchase. We may on occasion send promotional materials regarding our products, discounts and services that might be of interest to you. If you prefer not to be contacted by us in the future, you may request to be removed from our e-mail list at any time.
For any queries about the processing of information on KeyWestAquarium.com please contact us. This statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with this website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such. Some technical terms used in this statement are explained at the end of this page.
Privacy and Personal Information
KeyWestAquarium.com respects your right to privacy, and does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer identified below. Any personal information which you volunteer to KeyWestAquarium.com will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality. Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties, and is used by KeyWestAquarium.com only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.
Collection and Use of Tracking Information
In accordance with normal practice, we record every visit to this site. This information is used to improve the operation of the service and to provide statistical information about the use of the site.
Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged. KeyWestAquarium.com does not attempt to identify individual visitors, or to associate the technical details listed below with any individual.
Details logged include the following items:
The date and time of every visit to an individual page
Each page visited in the site on such a visit
Your IP/network address
Location or geographical information
The type of web browser used by the website visitor
The device used by the website visitor
KeyWestAquarium.com may make these technical details available to companies under the control and direction of KeyWestAquarium.com in order to provide analysis of advertising and website traffic. These other companies may be supplied with or have access to this information solely for the purpose of providing these services to us or on our behalf.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies.” They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device’s memory until you delete them. These cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site.
You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
Google Analytics
KeyWestAquarium.com uses Google Display Advertising and Remarketing Tools with Google Analytics. To learn more about Google anonymous data collection please visit Google Adword’s Remarketing Policy. To adjust your internet ad preferences in Google Account Settings, please log in to Google and visit the link to the Ads Preferences Manager.
Facebook Conversion Tracking Pixel
KeyWestAquarium.com may from time to time use Facebook Advertising, Facebook Pixel Re-Marketing, and communications of Facebook Inc.. This tool allows KeyWestAquarium.com to understand and deliver ads and make them more relevant to you. The collected data remains anonymous and KeyWestAquarium.com cannot see the personal data of any individual user.
However, the collected data is saved and processed by Facebook. Facebook may be able to connect the data with your Facebook account and use the data for their own advertising purposes (in accordance with Facebook’s Data Use Policy). Facebook has ultimate control of the information gathered through Facebook Advertising, Facebook Pixel Re-Marketing, and communications. You can opt-out of Facebook’s use of cookies and Facebook Pixel Re-Marketing through settings on your Facebook Account.
WordPress Stats
KeyWestAquarium.com uses the WordPress Stats tool to perform statistical analyses of visitor traffic.
WordPress Stats uses cookies that are stored on your computer and allow an analysis of the use of the website. The information generated by the cookies about the use of our website is stored on servers in the USA. Your IP address will be anonymized after processing and before storage.
WordPress Stats cookies remain on your device until you delete them.
The storage of “WordPress Stats” cookies provides the website operator the ability to analyze user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising.
You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. The functionality of our services may be limited when cookies are disabled.
SSL or TLS Encryption
This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser’s address line when it changes from “http://” to “https://” and the lock icon is displayed in your browser’s address bar.
Let´s keep in touch!
Receive special offers & latest events.
Name*Email*
Zip Code*CAPTCHA
The Key West Aquarium is part of the Historic Tours of America® eNewsletter.
We use cookies to give you the best experience. By using our site, you agree to our cookie policy.Ok