http://www.reading.org/about-us/terms-of-use
The username and/or password you entered was not recognized. Please try again. ×
Create an Account
Forgot Password?
Join
Donate
Blog
Digital Events
Meetings & Events
ILA Conference
ILA Digital Events
ILA Next
Calendar of Events
Get Involved
Explore Membership
Discover the ILA Network
30 Under 30
Donate
Write for ILA
Review for ILA
Leaders Wanted
Give a Gift
Get Resources
Instructional Practices
20 Research Articles for 2020
Science of Reading
Journals
Standards
Children's Rights to Read
Literacy Glossary
Literacy Today Magazine
Position Statements
What's Hot Report
Literacy Now Blog
Choices Reading Lists
Membership
Member Benefits
Membership Types
Join ILA
Renew
My Account & Profile
About Us
Why Literacy?
Our Story
Our Team
Press & Media
Global Operations
National Recognition
Literacy Research Panel
Awards & Grants
Financials
Contact Us
reading.org
Terms of Use
Home> About Us> Terms of Use
Scope of These Terms of Use
By using the literacyworldwide.org and access.literacyworldwide.org Websites (the "Websites"), you are deemed to have agreed to these terms and conditions of use. We reserve the right to modify them at any time. You should check these terms and conditions periodically for changes. By using this site after we post any changes to these terms and conditions, you agree to accept those changes, regardless of whether you have reviewed them. Date of most recent modification of these terms of use appears at the bottom of this page.
General Information About ILA Websites
The
International Literacy Association (or "ILA") Websites housed within the literacyworldwide.org and access.literacyworldwide.org domains are provided as a service to ILA members, and to all those interested in the promotion of literacy and of excellence in teaching reading and writing. Although Website staff endeavor to ensure that material presented at literacyworldwide.org and access.literacyworldwide.org is correct and current, we do not guarantee that it is error free. Should you suspect that mistaken information appears at any ILA Website, please contact our customer service department to inquire.
Please note that ILA reserves the right to remove any content from its Websites, at any time. In the case of subscription-based content, such removal would occur only at the end of a subscription period, in order to comply with a legal ruling or court order, or if we risk liability from the continued availability of the material.
The Website staff welcomes corrections and suggestions for improvement of ILA Websites, which can be e-mailed to the webmaster at ILA headquarters.
Linking From ILA Websites
ILA Websites contain numerous links to other Websites, which are provided as a service in acknowledgment of the diverse needs of teachers and learners, and the diverse online resources available to the literacy community. We make every effort to keep such links current. If you find a broken link and are aware of the updated URL to resolve the problem, we invite you to contact us.
These terms and conditions apply only to the ILA Websites, and not to the sites of any other companies or organizations, including those to which the ILA Websites may link. We are not responsible for the availability of any other site to which the ILA Websites link. We do not endorse or take responsibility for the content, advertising, products, or other materials made available through any other site. Under no circumstances will we be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage that is caused or alleged to have been caused to you in connection with your use of, or reliance on, any content, goods, or services available on any other site. You should direct any concerns to that site's administrator or webmaster.
Links to other Websites are present in all areas of literacyworldwide.org and access.literacyworldwide.org domains. Inclusion in these listings does not imply endorsement or recommendation of any site, program, or resource over any other. If you are interested in having your institution, program, or organization included on ILA Websites, please contact us.
Linking to ILA Websites
ILA encourages linking to its Websites, both to the homepage at literacyworldwide.org or "deep linking" to specific pages. No permission is required to establish such links, as long as they are simple text links that resolve to pages from our site in their own browser window. Links must also clearly indicate the International Literacy Association as the source of linked pages or content.
Should you be interested in displaying pages from an ILA Website within a framed Website, or wish to display ILA Website content "in line" on your own Website pages, please contact our permissions department.
Note that ILA does on occasion change the structure of its Website, delete pages, and move pages to new URLs. If you link to our site, we recommend that you check periodically to ensure that your links remain active. We do not assume any responsibility in informing you of URL changes.
Should you wish to link to content in our publications library (journal articles, selected book chapters), please note that ILA is a member of CrossRef and has deposited digital object identifiers (DOIs) for this content in order to facilitate permanent linking. We strongly recommend that you establish your links on these DOIs. For information about DOI linking, visit the CrossRef Website.
Copyright
Except where explicitly noted, the contents of the Websites, including, but not limited to, text, names, data, compilations, graphics, logos, buttons, icons, images, audio, video, code, methods, techniques, models, and software ("Contents"), are the property of International Literacy Association and/or
its licensors/providers and are protected by the patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws of the United States and/or other countries. You are welcome to reproduce material from ILA Websites for your own, personal, noncommercial use, so long as it contains all proprietary notices that appear on the document from which the reproduction is made. You may also reproduce brief sections in accordance with U.S. "fair use" guidelines.
Any other reproduction requires permission. You may not otherwise copy, store (either in hardcopy or in electronic format), transmit, transfer, perform, broadcast, publish, reproduce, create a derivative work from, display, distribute, sell, offer for sale, license, rent, lease, frame, deep link to, or
otherwise use the Contents in any manner inconsistent with the rights of ILA without the express written permission of ILA. Please note that this extends to e-mailing downloaded files to others. For information on ILA permission policies and directions about obtaining permission to reproduce ILA content, visit the Rights and Permissions area of this Website.
Copyright Complaints
We respect the intellectual property rights of others, and require that the people who use ILA Websites do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement on this Website, please deliver the following information to our Copyright Agent:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on our Website;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address so that we may contact you;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice to us is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
The designated Copyright Agent to receive notification of claimed infringement under the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act is Permissions Editor, International Literacy Association, PO Box 8139, Newark, DE 19714-8139, USA, or e-mail at permissions@reading.org.
Trademarks
The ILA logo, and other ILA logos and product and service names appearing on the Websites, are trademarks or service marks of ILA ("ILA site marks"). You agree not to display or use in any manner the ILA site marks without ILA's prior written permission.
Subscription Material—Individuals
Individual members of the International Literacy Association can choose to purchase subscriptions that include online access to journal and book content. Access is controlled by means of logging in with a unique username and password.
This log-in combination is provided to the ILA member only. For information about obtaining your username and password, visit our Help area. Individual log-in combinations should be kept confidential and not shared, nor should material downloaded from access-controlled parts of the site by an ILA member-subscriber be distributed or reproduced without permission.
Visit our Privacy & Security policy for information on how ILA safeguards your log-in combination and assures your online privacy.
Subscription Material—Institutions
Institutions such as schools, school districts, and university libraries are invited to subscribe to our online journals. Institutional access rights are authenticated by means of Internet protocol (IP) address or range. Only authorized users of the subscribing institution's networked systems can access, download, or print subscription-based content. The subscribing institution is responsible for access to the journals through its IP address/range, or via proxy server within that IP address/range, and must make every effort to prevent unauthorized use.
ILA may request clarification or documentation from or refuse to grant access to an institution claiming a range of IP addresses that appears to exceed the scope of these guidelines.
Altering, recompiling, systematic or programmatic copying, reselling, redistributing, publishing, or republishing ILA-copyrighted content without permission is prohibited. Permission should generally also be sought to compile composite products (e.g., course packs) that include ILA-copyrighted material. For further information, visit the Rights and Permissions area.
Material Provided by Third Parties
Online discussion and communication. Through discussion forums, ILA offers opportunities for members and others to discuss and comment on issues in literacy teaching and learning. Content posted to these third-party websites/services/outlets/tools ("User Content") is not censored or reviewed prior to posting; it reflects only the views and opinions of the individual who made the post and not of ILA.
We are not responsible for material appearing in any interactive forum on ILA Websites, except for material signed by an identified representative of the International Literacy Association. As a participant in any online discussion forum, you may not post any material that is libelous, defamatory, obscene, abusive, invades another's privacy, violates any intellectual property rights, violates any law, or is otherwise injurious to third parties. You may not use any forum in a commercial manner. You may not post material that solicits funds or that advertises or solicits goods or services. You may not post material known to be false. You may not post or transmit any information, software, or other material that contains a virus or other harmful component. You also hereby grant to (or warrant that the owner of such rights has expressly granted) ILA the perpetual, nonexclusive right and license to reproduce, distribute, publicly display, make derivative works off and otherwise use your questions, comments, and postings or any other content you post to ILA Websites or to third-party websites/services/outlets/tools, in their original or edited form, on ILA Websites or in books, articles, commentaries, or in any other medium now known or later developed. You also warrant that any "moral rights" in posted materials have been waived. You are not entitled to any compensation for such use. You acknowledge and agree ILA is under no obligation of confidence to you, and shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any User Content. By posting User Content on ILA Websites and third-party websites/services/outlets/tools, you represent and warrant that you own the copyright in such User Content or that you have a legitimate license to post the User Consent, including photographs or other audiovisual material, without any restrictions whatsoever.
ILA Websites and ILA-managed third-party websites/services/outlets/tools may be monitored by moderators (professionals in the field) and by ILA staff. In order to preserve the professional, collegial tone of these resources, ILA reserves the right at its sole discretion to remove postings that do not pertain to literacy or education issues, are commercial in nature, violate copyright or other law, or violate any aspect of these terms of use without notice or further obligation to you. We also reserve the right to prohibit use of these services by individuals who make such posts. ILA has no obligation to display or post any User Content. ILA reserves the right to disclose, at any time and from time to time, any information or User Content that it deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, contractual obligation, legal dispute process, or governmental request. ILA shall have no liability in connection with any User Content submitted to, transmitted via, or displayed or posted on this Website.
Announcements from third parties. From time to time, ILA Websites feature announcements from third parties, including news of events, information about services, or solicitation of applications for employment. The ILA Websites may also feature advertising materials provided by third parties.
All such postings are reviewed by ILA staff for their appropriateness for ILA Websites' primary audience of literacy professionals. ILA reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to decline to post or to remove any third-party announcements or materials at any time. ILA does not endorse any third party nor the content of any announcement or other material provided by a third party.
E-Commerce
Access.literacyworldwide.org is a secure e-commerce Website where site visitors can purchase ILA memberships, subscriptions, books, conference registrations, and other products. Visit our security and privacy policy for information on the protection we offer for your online transactions.
ILA accepts online purchase orders, following approval of a credit application. Those who wish to use purchase orders agree that purchase order rights may be revoked by ILA, at its sole discretion, if payment is not made according to the agreed payment terms. Users of online purchase orders must abide by the terms of the credit application and online purchase order rules that are provided at the time of application or approval of application. For more information regarding use of online purchase orders, contact ILA headquarters.
Links to Other Websites
The websites include many links to third-party sites. You may access these sites directly or through the Websites. You may also be subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of these other websites. Links from the Websites to other websites are provided solely for your convenience. You understand that should you leave any Website via a link, the content of that third-party site is not provided or endorsed by ILA, and ILA has not reviewed or approved the
terms of use or other policies governing such sites. ILA does not monitor, make any representation with respect to or assume any liability for any third-party sites, including, without limitation, any products or services that are advertised or made available for purchase through such sites.
Disclaimers
THE SERVICES AND MATERIALS ON THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
NEITHER ILA NOR ANY OF ITS RESPECTIVE LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS WARRANT THAT ANY FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN ANY ILA SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT ILA OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES THEM AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
NEITHER ILA NOR ANY OF ITS RESPECTIVE LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. YOU (AND NOT ILA OR ANY OF ITS RESPECTIVE LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.
APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
ON OCCASION WE OUTSOURCE DELIVERY OF SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU TO THIRD PARTIES. IN THE EVENT WE DO THIS, WE MONITOR DELIVERY OF SERVICES. IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE REGARDING THOSE SERVICES, HOWEVER, YOUR SOLE REMEDY WILL BE AGAINST THE THIRD PARTY PROVIDER.
Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE, WILL ILA OR ANY OF ITS RESPECTIVE LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS ON THE ILA WEBSITES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. ILA ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONSEQUENCES OF ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN CONNECTION WITH THIS WEBSITE, THE CONTENTS, THE
PRIVACY & SECURITY POLICY OR THE TERMS OF USE. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU BY ILA OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OF ITS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED $100.00.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless ILA, its successors, assigns, and licensees, together with any of their respective representatives, officers, directors, and employees, from all liabilities, claims, costs, and expenses, including attorneys' fees, that arise with your use of ILA Websites; your posting to, downloading from, or transmission of all communications or material, including User Content, on the Websites; or from your violation of applicable law or these Terms of Use or any other terms and conditions contained on the Websites.
Governing Law
These terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of United States and the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. Any claim, action or proceeding related to these Terms of Use will be resolved exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the
State of Delaware, and you consent to the jurisdiction of those courts.
Injunctive Relief
In the event you breach or threaten breach of these terms of use, you acknowledge and agree that ILA will be greatly and irreparably damaged and the damage will be difficult to quantify. Therefore, ILA may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction accepting jurisdiction under this specific provision, that, regardless of the Governing Law provision, will apply the laws of its own jurisdiction in determining whether ILA will be granted an injunctive or other equitable relief to stop your breach or your threat of breach, without impairing, invalidating, negating, or voiding ILA's rights to relief in either law or equity.
Miscellaneous
If any of these terms and conditions are found unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be considered severable from the remaining terms and conditions, and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. These terms of use are the entire agreement between you and ILA relating to the subject matter they contain. This agreement may be modified only by our posting of changes to these terms and conditions, or by a writing signed by both parties. Any inquiries concerning these terms and conditions of use should be directed to customerservice@reading.org.
These statements reflect ILA's terms of use policies as of April 2016. They may be updated at any time, and it is the Website visitor's responsibility to review them periodically.
Sign up to our email list for updates, savings, and more!
*
*
*
*Required
Privacy Policy
Thanks for signing up!
Please look for a confirmation email from us.
Something went wrong. Contact ILA Customer Service.
PO Box 8139
Newark, DE 19714-8139
800.336.7323 (U.S. and Canada)
302.731.1600 (all other countries)
Contact Us
For Network Leaders
For Advertisers
Help
Privacy & Security
Terms of Use
Sitemap
© 1996-2020 International Literacy Association