https://www.uhcl.edu/policies/public-information.aspx
Stay Healthy, Hawks:
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates
Search
Future Students
How to Apply
Visit UHCL
Admitted Students
Tuition, Costs and Aid
Degrees and Programs
Contact Admissions
More Information
Current Students
Class Schedule
Academic Calendar
Advising
Events
Library
Academic Resources and Support
Student Services and Resources
More Information
Alumni
Lifetime Membership
Alumni Events
Update Your information
Awards and Recognitions
Give to UHCL
More Information
Faculty & Staff
Administrative Offices
Benefits
Training
Policies
Course Development
Faculty Research
More Information
Community
Maps and Directions
Parking
Employment
News and Events
More Information
Home/UHCL Policies, Standards and Guidelines/Texas Public Information Act
Texas Public Information Act
In this section
Compact With TexansHouse Bill 2504Texas Public Information ActSexual Misconduct Reporting and AwarenessReportingHow to RespondResourcesPoliciesCampus ClimateSB 212Anti-DiscriminationFamily Educational Rights and Privacy ActPolicy on Release of Student RecordsLinking PolicyPrivacy PolicyWeb Accessibility StatementAdministrative Policies and Procedures01 General Administration02 Human Resources03 Fiscal Affairs04 Audit Function05 Student Affairs06 Academic Affairs07 Information Services08 University Advancement09 Government Relations
The Texas Public Information Act (the "Act") entitles individuals to information about
the affairs of government in Texas and the official acts of public officials and employees
in Texas, unless otherwise expressly provided by law. A Texas Public Information Act
request is a request for public information that is maintained by a Texas governmental
agency, such as the University of Houston System and any of its component institutions
(e.g.,the University of Houston ("UH"), University of Houston-Downtown ("UHD"), University
of Houston-Clear Lake ("UHCL"), and University of Houston-Victoria ("UHV").
What Your Request Should Include
Your request should be in writing and should include:
Your name and mailing address (so we can send you a response).
Your phone number (so we can contact you with questions about how to respond to your
request).
A list or description of the specific information you are interested in obtaining,
including time periods. Try to be as specific as possible about the information you
are seeking. Please also specify which component institution (e.g., UH, UHD, UHCL,
UHV) you are seeking the information from.
Where Your Request Should Be Sent
Your request should be sent to the University of Houston System’s Public Information
Act Officer via mail, fax, email, or in person as follows:
By mail or in person to 4302 University Drive (Office 311 of the E. Cullen Building),
Houston, Texas 77204-2028 (Attention: Public Information Act Officer)
By fax to 713-743-9179 (Attention: Public Information Act Officer)
By electronic mail to publicinfo@uh.edu.
More information is available on the UH System Legal Affairs Public Information Act website.
How You Will Be Charged
You will be charged in accordance with the Act and as detailed in the following procedures:
Procedures for Charging and Collecting Fees for Providing Copies of Public Information
under the Texas Public Information Act
How to Find Additional Information About the Act
For more information about the Act, you may wish to refer to the Public Information Act Handbook published by the Office of the Attorney General of Texas ("OAG").
How to Get a Copy of Transcripts or Other Student Information
In order to receive a copy of University transcripts or other student information,
you should contact the Registrar's Office as opposed to submitting a Texas Public Information Act request.
For additional questions regarding student records contact:
Office of the Registrar
Phone: 281-283-2525Fax: 281-283-2530Email: registrar@uhcl.eduNII12002700 Bay Area Blvd, Box 86Houston, TX 77058-1002Office hours:Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 6 p.m.Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.
©