https://www.azic.com/privacy-policy/
This Privacy Policy informs you of our privacy practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used. This policy is readily available on our home page and at the bottom of every web page.
Sites covered by this Privacy Policy:
Arizona Instrument LLC (AZI) is a global organization, with legal entities, business processes, management structures, and technical systems that cross borders. This Privacy Policy applies to all AZI owned websites and domains.
Links to other websites
The AZI website may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the AZI website. AZI does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from AZI’s practices. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. The personal data you choose to provide or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by the AZI Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information.
Collection of personal information:
To serve you better and understand your needs and interests, AZI collects, and uses personal information with adequate notice and consent, along with required filings with data protection authorities, when applicable. For example, when you order products or services, request information, subscribe to marketing or support materials, register yourself or your products, enter contests or participate in surveys, or apply for a job at AZI, we will ask you to provide personal information to complete these transactions. The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include contact information such as your name, address, telephone number, and email address; financial information such as your credit card number; and other unique information such as billing and transaction information, product and service preferences, contact preferences, educational and employment background, and job interest data.
In addition to the information you provide, AZI may also collect information during your visit to the AZI website through our Automatic Data Collection Tools, which include Web beacons, cookies, embedded Web links, and other commonly used information-gathering tools. These tools collect certain standard information that your browser sends to our website such as your browser type and language, access times, and the address of the website from which you arrived at our website. They may also collect information about your Internet Protocol (IP) address, clickstream behavior (i.e. the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with our website) and product information. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web, allowing Web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers use IP addresses to communicate on the Internet, allowing users to browse and shop. AZI may also use some of these Automatic Data Collection Tools in connection with certain emails sent from us and therefore may collect information using these tools when you open the email or click on a link contained in the email.
How we use your information:
The information AZI collects to understand your needs and interests helps us to deliver a consistent and personalized experience. For example, AZI may use your information to:
assist you in completing a transaction or order;
communicate with you about products and services;
provide service and support;
update you on new services and benefits;
provide personalized promotional offers;
select content to be communicated to you;
allow you to participate in contests and surveys; and
contact you for market research regarding products or services.
We will give you the opportunity to choose your privacy preferences regarding the communications we send.
The testimonials posted on the AZI Web site are only posted with the expressed permission of the individual or company who provided that testimonial.
Credit card information is used only for payment processing and fraud prevention. Credit card information and other sensitive personal information required to process a credit decision is not used for any other purpose by our financial services providers or AZI and will not be kept longer than necessary for providing the services, unless you ask us to retain your credit card information for future purchases.
How we share your information:
AZI will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others except as described in this Policy.
AZI retains service providers and suppliers to deliver products, services and customer solutions and to assist AZI with marketing and communication initiatives. These providers and suppliers include, for example, credit card processors, automated data processors, and shipping agents. Suppliers and service providers are required by contract to keep confidential the information received on behalf of AZI and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for AZI.
Except as described in this Policy, AZI will not share the personal information you provide to AZI with non-AZI third parties without your permission, unless to:
respond to duly authorized information requests of police and governmental authorities
comply with any law, regulation, subpoena, or court order
help prevent fraud or to enforce or protect the rights and properties of AZI or its subsidiaries
protect the personal safety of AZI employees and third parties on AZI property
Children’s privacy:
AZI does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and does not target its website to children under 13. We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests.
Your choices and selecting your privacy preferences:
AZI gives you the choice of receiving a variety of information that complements our products and services. You can subscribe to receive certain product and service specific information and also choose to receive AZI general communications. We give you a choice regarding delivery of AZI general communications by postal mail, email and telephone.
You can make or change your choices about receiving either subscription or general communications at the data collection point or by using other methods, which are listed in the following sections. This option does not apply to communications primarily for the purpose of administering order completion, contracts, support, product safety warnings, driver updates, or other administrative and transactional notices as the primary purpose of these communications is not promotional in nature.
The email communications that you receive from AZI will be provided in accordance with this Policy. Some email communications may utilize automatic data collection tools.
Subscription communications
Subscription communications include email newsletters, software updates, etc. that may be expressly requested by you or which you consented to receive. After you request such communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by using one of the following methods:
Select the “opt-out” or “unsubscribe” email link, or follow the opt-out instructions included in each subscription communication.
Write to the AZI Marketing Department. Be sure to provide your name, email and postal address, and specific relevant information about the AZI subscriptions that you no longer wish to receive.
Please be aware that when you opt-out of receiving certain subscription communications, it may affect the services you have chosen to receive from AZI where accepting the communications is a condition of receiving the services.
AZI general communications
AZI general communications provide information about products, services, and/or support. This may include new product information, special offers, or invitations to participate in market research. You may opt-out of receiving these general communications by using one of the following methods:
Select the “opt-out” or “unsubscribe” email link, or follow the opt-out instructions included in each general communication.
Write to the AZI Marketing Manager. Be sure to provide your name, email and postal address, and specific relevant information about the AZI communications that you no longer wish to receive.
Access to and accuracy of your information:
AZI strives to keep your personal information accurately recorded. We have implemented technology, management processes and policies to help maintain data accuracy. AZI provides individuals with reasonable access to personal information that they provided to AZI and the reasonable ability to review and correct it or ask for anonymization, blockage, or deletion, as applicable. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to your data. To change the personal information that you directly provided to AZI you can contact AZI at (800) 528-7411.
Keeping your personal information secure:
AZI takes seriously the trust you place in us. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, AZI utilizes appropriate physical, technical and administrative procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive information such as credit card information. SSL encryption is designed to make the information unreadable by anyone but us. This security measure is working when you see the symbol of either an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending on your browser) at the bottom of your browser window.
Credit card numbers are used only for processing payments and are not used for other purposes.
Changes to this Policy:
If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised statement here, with an updated revision date. If we make significant changes to our Policy, we may also notify you by other means, such as sending an email or posting a notice on our home page.
Contacting us:
We value your opinions. If you have comments or questions about our Privacy Policy, please send them to the AZI Marketing Manager or write to us at the following address:
Marketing Department
3375 N. Delaware St.
Chandler, AZ 85225
USA
Contact Information
Address
3375 N. Delaware St.
Chandler, AZ 85225
Phone Numbers
800.528.7411
602.470.1414
Fax Number
602.281.1745
Office Hours
Monday - Friday
7:00am - 5:00pm MST
24/7 Emergency Customer Support
Twitter
You Tube
Linked In
Facebook
Satisfaction Survey