https://www.worlddab.org/privacy-policy
You are not currently logged in. Member Login
Login
Become a member | Forgot your password?
| Activate account
DAB
Countries
Automotive
Events
News
Resources
About
Home /
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
WorldDAB is committed to protecting your privacy and takes the security of your information seriously. We will be clear and transparent about the information we collect and what we do with that information.
This policy sets out the following:
What personal data we collect and process about you in connection with your relationship with us
Where we obtain the data
How we store the data
What we do with that data
How we secure your emails
Who we transfer/disclose data to
How we deal with your data protection rights
How we comply with data protection rules
Your rights
What information do we ask for, and why?
We hold details such as your name and email address and additional information (if you have chosen to share it with us) such as organisation name, location, phone number and social media information,
We do not collect more information than we need to fulfil our stated purposes and will not retain it for longer than is necessary. The purposes we collect your information are to:
To fulfil our remit as an industry forum, to keep you up-to-date on industry information and to facilitate the exchange of industry knowledge
The implementation and management of our online, email and social media communications
Event management
Where we obtained your data
We hold this information because you have in the past indicated that you wish to be kept informed of developments related to DAB via our website, Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, email or through attending one of our events or workshops.
How we store your data
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of your personal data, and to protect it against accidental loss, destruction or damage. The data you provide to us is protected using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology.
We may disclose your information to trusted third parties for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We require all third parties to have appropriate technical and operational security measures in place to protect your personal data, in line with EU law on data protection rules.
What we do with that data
The information we ask for is the information we need to keep you informed about developments within the radio industry, either through our communications or events. We will provide relevant information to our partners only with the same purpose. If you have attended one of our events we may hold your image which we use for promotion purposes.
Visitors to our website - When someone visits worlddab.org we use Google Analytics, to collect standard information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
E-newsletter - We use a third party provider, Mailchimp, to deliver our e-newsletters. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see Mailchimp’s privacy notice.
WordPress - We use a third party service, WordPress.com, to publish our blog, and some of our conference microsites. These sites are hosted at WordPress.com, which is run by Automattic Inc. We use a standard WordPress service to collect anonymous information about users' activity on the site, for example the number of users viewing pages on the site, to monitor and report on the effectiveness of the site and help us improve it. WordPress requires visitors that want to post a comment to enter a name and email address. For more information about how WordPress processes data, please see WordPress’s privacy notice.
People who contact us via social media - We use a third party provider, Hootsuite to manage our social media interactions. If you send us a private or direct message via social media the message will be stored by Hootsuite for three months. It will not be shared with any other organisations.
People who email us
We use Transport Layer Security (TLS) to encrypt and protect email traffic in line with government recommendations. If your email service does not support TLS, you should be aware that any emails we send or receive may not be protected in transit.
International Data Transfer
While countries outside the EEA do not always have strong data protection laws, we require all services providers to process your information in a secure manner and in accordance with Irish and EU law on data protection. We utilise standard means under EU law to legitimise data transfers outside the EEA and the providers we use are certified with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield with respect to the personal data received and processed on behalf of customers.
Service providers reporting a breach
Public electronic communications service providers are required by law to report any security breaches involving personal data to WorldDAB.
How long is the information retained for?
We will ask you every two years if you wish to stay on our mailing list and ask you to unsubscribe if you do not. You can unsubscribe at any time from our marketing using the link at the bottom of emails.
Your rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), you have the right to access, modify, and delete your data.
Complaints or queries
This privacy policy was drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of WorldDAB collection and use of personal information. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation needed. Any requests for this should be sent to the address below.
If you want to make a complaint about the way we have processed your personal information, you can contact us at the address below.
Access to personal information
Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by making a ‘subject access request’. If we do hold information about you we will:
give you a description of it;
tell you why we are holding it;
tell you who it could be disclosed to; and
let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form
To make a request to the WorldDAB for any personal information we may hold, please put the request to us via email.
Disclosure of personal information
In many circumstances we will not disclose personal data without consent.
Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review.
How to contact us
If you want to request information about our Privacy Policy please email us.