http://www.bcasw.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
BC Association of Social Workers
Personal Information and Protection of Privacy Policy
Preamble:
BC Association of Social Workers maintains a database of members of the Association. The database contains personal information and this Policy is adopted in compliance with the requirements of the Personal Information Protection Act ,RSBC 38 (2003) (the Act) section 5,
Therefore, this Policy is intended to:
• ensure that personal information is stored, used and disclosed in compliance with the provisions of the Act
• protect our employees, contractors, members, volunteers and contributors against unintentional disclosure of personal information in a manner which is consistent with BC Association of Social Workers’ need to collect, use or disclose personal information for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances.
Definition of personal information
In this Schedule, “personal information” means information about an identifiable individual solicited, collected or created by BC Association of Social Workers.
Accountability
BC Association of Social Workers is responsible for personal information under its control. All BC Association of Social Workers employees, contractors and volunteers who collect, maintain and/or use personal information shall ensure that the collection, use, disclosure and storage of that personal information is carried out in compliance with the provisions of this Policy and the provisions of the Act.
In compliance with the Act, has designated a Privacy Officer to be responsible for BC Association of Social Workers’ compliance with the provisions of Subsection 4(3) of the Act..
The Privacy Officer shall supervise compliance with the legislative provisions and initiate procedural guidelines for giving effect to this Policy and the provisions of the Act.
The Privacy Officer is the individual to whom complaints and queries concerning the application of this Policy and adherence to the provisions of the Act may be directed. Employees, contractors and volunteers in receipt of queries or complaints will forward them to the Privacy Officer for resolution.
Identifying the Purposes
BC Association of Social Workers shall identify the purpose(s) for which personal information is solicited or provided by an individual at the time that the information is collected.
Consent
BC Association of Social Workers shall not use any personal information provided to it by or about any individual other than for the purpose for which that information was originally solicited, collected or created and will not disclose personal information to any third party without the knowledge and consent of the individual concerned.
An individual retains the right to withdraw that consent.
Limiting Collection:
BC Association of Social Workers shall limit the collection of personal information about an individual to that which is necessary for the purposes identified at the time that the personal information was solicited, collected or created.
Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention:
BC Association of Social Workers shall not use personal information for purposes other than those for which it was originally solicited or provided.
BC Association of Social Workers shall not disclose personal information to any third party without the knowledge and express consent of the individual concerned. Personal information shall be retained only as long as necessary for the achievement of the purposes for which it was originally solicited/ collected or created.
In the case of employees, personal information used for the purpose of making a decision about the individual employee will be retained for a period of one year following the date on which the decision was rendered.
Accuracy:
BC Association of Social Workers shall ensure that the personal information under its control is as accurate, complete and current as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used.
Security:
BC Association of Social Workers is responsible for protecting the security of personal information and will use security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of that personal information to protect it from loss or theft as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, modification or use.
These safeguards include but are not limited to:
• physical measures such as restricted access to the office, equipment and files:
• organizational measures such as security clearances and publication of this Policy to all employees, contractors and volunteers with strict instructions to act in accordance with its principle;
• technological measures, such as the use of passwords, encryption, secure networks and firewalls
• contractual agreements with outside service providers
Openness:
BC Association of Social Workers shall make readily available to its members, volunteers, contributors, employees and contractors information about its policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
Individual Access:
Upon request by an individual BC Association of Social Workers shall inform that individual of the existence, use, and disclosure of his or her personal information and provide him or her with access to that information.
Within 30 business days, BC Association of Social Workers shall provide to an individual with a copy of the requested personal information or with a response that includes reasons for not providing access to such personal information, subject to the exceptions set out in the Act and Regulations.
Challenges to Accuracy:
An individual shall have the right to challenge the accuracy and completeness of personal information in the control of BC Association of Social Workers.
BC Association of Social Workers will correct personal information that it has verified is inaccurate or incomplete.
If such a correction is made, BC Association of Social Workers shall send a copy of the corrected personal information to each person or organization to which the incorrect or incomplete information was disclosed within the previous year.
If no correction is made in response to an individual’s request, BC Association of Social Workers shall annotate the personal information to indicate that a correction was requested but not made.
Providing Recourse:
An individual has the right to address a challenge concerning BC Association of Social Workers’ compliance with the provisions of this Policy and/or the provisions of the Act to BC Association of Social Workers’ Privacy Officer.
The Privacy Officer shall investigate all complaints and take appropriate measures to correct information handling practices and polices.
Privacy Officer: Executive Director
Privacy Statement
Personal Information and Protection of Privacy
BC Association of Social Workers is committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information of its members, employees, volunteers and other stakeholders and to complying with legislation regarding protection of personal information. To meet our mandate and provide quality services, we gather and use personal information by consent and take responsibility for being transparent and accountable in how we deal with that information.
1. Personal information is any information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual, with the exception of information that is publicly available, such as names, addresses, telephone numbers and other electronic communications that are published in telephone or other directories. Business contact information, including where home contact information is used as business contact information, is also not subject to protection as personal information.
2. We collect, use and disclose personal information only for the purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances. We routinely inform and offer our members the opportunity not to have the information used for purposes beyond which it has been collected.
3. Personal information gathered by BCASW is kept in confidence and safeguards are in place to ensure that the information is not available or disclosed or shared more widely than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which consent has been received.
4. Information collected and stored electronically is appropriately protected through up-to-date and regularly reviewed procedures and software, including password protocols.
5. BCASW has a staff member appointed as Privacy Officer who provides leadership to the privacy program and reports to the Board of Directors on a yearly basis with an audit of BCASW’s privacy compliance.
6. BCASW promptly responds to questions, concerns or complaints concerning this policy or its use of personal information.
Comments are closed.
Privacy Policy
Member Login
Home > Privacy Policy -
Site Map  |  Privacy Policy
© 2011 British Columbia Association of Social Workers
Vancouver Web Design by
Graphically Speaking
Benefits of Membership
About BCASW
Branches
Media & News
Publications & Resources
Careers
Home
Contact Us
Login
Renew Membership
Vancouver Website Hosting provided by Dynaworx