http://www.mrcgene.com/privacy-notice
Home
RNA Isolation
RNAzol® RT
RNAzol® RT Column Kit
RNAzol® BD
RNAzol® BD Column Kit
DNA Extraction Solution
TRI Reagent® / TRI Reagent® BD / TRI Reagent® LS
TRI Reagent® RT / TRI Reagent® RT-Liquid Samples
BCP – Phase Separation Reagent
BAN
Precipitation Carrier
Polyacryl Carrier
FORMAzol®
High Salt Precipitation Solution
Methylene Blue Stain
DNA Isolation
DNAzol® / DNAzol® ES / DNAzol® BD
DNAzol® Direct
Bactozol Kit
Bactozol™ Enzyme Solution
Polyacryl Carrier
Polypropylene Tubes
Disposable Polypropylene Centrifuge Tubes
Disposable Polypropylene Microfuge Tubes
International Distributors
Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. This notice explains our online information practices and the choices you have about the way your information is collected and used.
This Website is intended for scientists and adults. We do not knowingly sell products to children. Our Website is not structured to attract children.
The Information We Collect:
We only collect personal information about you via this Website when you provide it in connection with a request for a product, service, or information. The types of personal information collected are: Name, Address, Email Address and Phone Number.
The Way We Use Information:
The information you provide when placing an order is used to complete that order. We do not share information with outside parties unless it is necessary to fulfill our responsibilities including, but not limited to, delivering a product or service that you order. We use return email addresses to answer the email received. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. You can register at our website to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have placed appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1-888-841-0900 or email us at mrc@mrcgene.com.
My Account
Shopping Indicator
0Cart
Place an Order from ourPrice List
How to Order
For customer or technical assistance call us at
(888) 841-0900
or
Email us: mrc@mrcgene.com
See our list of
International Distributors
Technical Bulletins
Safety Data Sheet