https://www.adamequipment.com/aboutus/legal-and-privacy
Jump To Main Menu
Jump To Search Box
Jump To Main Content
Visit Keyboard Shortcuts Page
Top
Call Us: +1 (203) 790 4774
Email Us
Language:
EnglishFrançaisEspañol Other - Google Translate
Home
| About Us
| Legal and Privacy
Legal and Privacy
Privacy Policy/Privacy Notice
This privacy policy sets out how Adam Equipment uses and protects any information that you give Adam Equipment when you use this website, make a transaction with us, or a contract is entered into.
Adam Equipment is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified; you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Adam Equipment may change this policy by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes we make.
This policy is effective from 1 May 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following personal information from you via this website:
Name and job title
Contact information including address, email address and phone number
IP address
We may also collect further information from you directly, if a sale/contract is agreed.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a service or product, and in particular for the following reasons:
To operate and administer the products and services we provide to you and to facilitate any possible sales/contracts
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may need to pass on your contact details to one of our authorised dealers who will assist you directly with your enquiry/purchase.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided – only where you have freely given explicit consent to do so.
Your IP address is stored in our web server access logs and is only used/reviewed in case of any potential security issues. The IP address is anonymised when used in web analytics (Google Analytics). We also use your IP address to check that you are viewing the most relevant geographical website when you first view an Adam Equipment website but this information is not retained.
How we gather information about you
We obtain personal information directly from you, for example when you fill out a form on our website or when you make an enquiry by email or telephone. Your IP address is gathered from your web browsing session.
Our legal basis for using your personal information
We only use your personal information where that is permitted by the laws that protect your privacy rights. We only use personal information where:
we have your consent (if consent is needed);
we need to use the information to comply with our legal obligations;
we need to use the information to perform a sale/contract with you.
Transfers outside the USA
We transfer personal information outside the USA to our Adam Equipment UK office for data processing and for use with our marketing systems (Sales Fusion) - where you have given consent to do so. We use the USA/EU Commission approved EU-US Privacy Shield when personal information is transferred to and from the USA. We have put in place our own measures to ensure adequate security is applied when transferring the data as required by data protection law.
How long we keep your personal information for
How long we keep your personal information for depends on the products and services we deliver to you. We will never retain your personal information for any longer than is necessary for the purposes we need to use it for.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. We use suitable encryption to transport personal data between our offices.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. There is no personal data stored in any of the website cookies.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
For more details on our cookie usage - please see our Cookie Information page.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by Adam Equipment for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@adamequipment.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute (unless required by law or for a business transaction with an authorised dealer) or lease your personal information to third parties.
Your privacy rights
You have the right to object to how we use your personal information. You also have the right to see what personal information we hold about you. In addition, you can ask us to correct inaccuracies, delete or restrict personal information. You can make a complaint or request to us by email: info@adamequipment.co.uk or use the contact us form.
Legal
All information contained in or linked to this website was to the best of our knowledge timely, complete and accurate when issued. However, we cannot accept responsibility for any errors or omissions in this material.
Some products are offered only in specific markets. Check with your local distributor or regional office for information about availability and prices.
Adam Equipment's standard "terms and conditions" apply to all products sold by the company.
You may download a copy of the Adam Equipment terms and conditions of sale to print or keep for your reference. We may revise this document over time. It is usual for a copy of this document to be emailed out alongside our invoices.
This website is maintained in and operated from the United Kingdom; therefore, the website and all content fall under the jurisdiction of U.K. law. By linking to other material or websites, Adam Equipment does not give any approval or endorsement of those websites or materials and Adam Equipment Company has no liability for any links or the material arising from them.
This website occasionally offers external links to other organisations or documents. Adam Equipment neither endorses nor approves of links to external sources. Adam bears no liability for the operation or content of any links or organisations appearing on this site, or that may be electronically linked to this site.
The United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010 and United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA )
The contents of both legislative acts apply to all transactions conducted by all Adam Equipment employees, offices and companies.
In any business transaction with any Adam Equipment company:
It is forbidden to attempt to bribe or to make any financial payments to Adam employees, or individuals and third parties that have dealings with employees of Adam Equipment.
Adam Equipment employees are forbidden to give any gifts, goods, or services to companies, individuals, third parties, government officials or public office employees that have dealings with Adam Equipment or employees of suppliers.
Any form of hospitality offered by Adam Equipment to individuals, companies, third parties, government officials, or public office employees must be approved by senior management at Adam Equipment UK before it is presented. Any hospitality offers must be reasonably associated to business needs, and financial restrictions will apply. Hospitality is not offered on a regular basis, and occasionally will be considered in certain circumstances.
No employee of Adam Equipment is permitted to solicit or accept a bribe, payment, or gift on behalf of the company or as an individual. Hospitality may be accepted with prior agreement from Adam Equipment UK management.
Employees are forbidden to make a payment, offer a bribe, or present gifts to customers, employees or their associates to secure a sales or service order.
If Adam Equipment becomes aware of, or finds evidence of any breach in these conditions, it constitutes a failure of duty and a breach of the relevant act.
If you have information regarding alleged violations by an employee, or suspect that an employee has contravened any part of these legislative acts, email a detailed description to tellus@adamequipment.co.uk.
Copyright © 2015 Adam Equipment Inc. All rights reserved.
Adam Equipment Co. Ltd. is a company registered in England and Wales with company number: 1309669. VAT No: GB301806596
Registered office address: Adam Equipment Co. Ltd., Maidstone Road, Kingston, Milton Keynes, MK10 0BD. U.K.
Model Search
Search our product range options by readability, capacity, or simply by name.
CapacityThe maximum weight that can be placed on the scale or balance.ReadabilityHow well a scale displays the correct results. Readability is the value of the finest division of the scale.
See our glossary page for more helpful definitions.
Product Name
Capacity
mg
g
kg
lb
oz
Readability
mg
g
kg
lb
oz
Latest Blog Posts
How to Get More Value from Bench and Floor Scales November 30, 2020Weighing devices can be a costly investment, so getting the most out of your scales can be critica ...Weighing Ink for Screen Printing November 15, 2020Screen printers need to carefully measure ink to get the right colors.
Latest Press Releases
New Aqua Washdown Scale Offers Effortless & Accurate Weighing for Rigorous Applications Adam Equipment Debuts New Luna Analytical and Precision Balances Adam Equipment Statement on COVID-19