https://www.uoguelph.ca/ccs/ccs-help
Skip to main content
Toggle navigation
GryphMail
CourseLink
Directory for University of Guelph
Library
Maps
Gryphlife
WebAdvisor
Guelph Weather
Search University of Guelph
Search
Academics at University of Guelph
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Studies
Distance Education
Academic Calendars
College of Arts
College of Biological Science
College of Engineering & Physical Sciences
College of Social & Applied Human Sciences
Gordon S. Lang School of Business & Economics
Ontario Agricultural College
Ontario Veterinary College
Ridgetown Campus
University of Guelph-Humber
Open Learning and Educational Support
About University of Guelph
About the University
Arboretum
Board of Governors
Senate
Senior Administration
International
President
Research at University of Guelph
Services at University of Guelph
Athletics
Bookstore
Campus Community Police
Communications & Public Affairs
Community Relations
Computing & Communications Services
Hospitality Services
Human Resources
Student Affairs
Student Housing Services
More Services
Home
CCS Help Services
CURRENT SUPPORT DURING COVID-19 PANDEMIC1: In-person support at the library IT Help Desk will be resuming on September 10th when the Library reopens. For fastest response, please email us at  IThelp@uoguelph.ca, call us at 519-824-4120 x58888 OR go on live chat for assistance (bottom right-hand corner of your screen when on the CCS website) during our updated business hours. NOTE:  These hours will updated at the end of the exam period. Chat will close at 4:30pm on Tuesday December 22nd.
Phone Hours
Monday- Friday
8:30am- 4:30pm
Saturday- Sunday
Closed
Statutory Holidays
Closed
Chat and Email Hours
Monday- Friday
8:30am- 8:30pm
Saturday- Sunday
11:00am- 5:00pm
Statutory Holidays
Closed
In Person
Visit us in person at the CCS IT Help Desk, located on the main floor of the McLaughlin Library.
New to U of G? Visit our Get Started pages for undergraduate students, graduate students, staff and faculty.
By Chat
Chat live with the CCS IT Help Centre. Please see our blue chat icon - "Chat Live with Us" - on the bottom right corner of every CCS web page.When we are not on chat you can easily send us a  message by filling out the offline chat form and we will respond as soon as we can. You can visit the website Chat Privacy for privacy policy information.
By Phone
Phone the CCS IT Help Centre at 519-824-4120 x58888.  Exceptions to our regularly scheduled hours will occur to reflect University Closures.
By Email
Send your questions to IThelp@uoguelph.ca and we will usually reply within one to two business days.  During busy periods, response time may be increased.  If you have an urgent issue, please contact us by phone.
Comments about the Site
Please email the web team at CCS.WebSolutions@uoguelph.ca
Follow Us
Facebook - U of G CCS IT Service Desk
Instagram - U of G CCS IT Service Desk
RSS - RSS
YouTube - CCS – University of Guelph
Twitter - U of G CCS IT Service Desk