http://www.nist.gov/srm/ordering-policies-and-pricing/licensed-distributors
Skip to main content
Official websites use .gov
A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A lock (
LockA locked padlock
) or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
https://www.nist.gov/srm/ordering-policies-and-pricing/licensed-distributors
Standard Reference Materials
About NIST SRMs
Expand or Collapse
SRM Frequently Asked Questions
How to Cite a NIST SRM
Ordering Policies and Pricing
Expand or Collapse
Sales and Customer Service
SRM Price List
Terms and Conditions
Pricing Policy
Payment Policy
Licensed Distributors
Ordering Policies
Required Ordering Information
Measurement Services Policy Letter
Shipping Information
Registration and Surveys
Expand or Collapse
Register Your SRM
Product Survey
Customer Service Survey
SRM Order Request System
Using the Online Catalog
SRM Exhibits
SRM Definitions
Publications (SP260s)
Archived SRM/RM Certificates/Reports of Investigation
SRM Shoutouts Newsletter
Standard Reference Instruments
SRM Licensed Distributors
Share
Facebook
Linkedin
Twitter
Email
DISTRIBUTION OF NIST STANDARD REFERENCE MATERIALS
In order to facilitate the world-wide distribution of its Standard Reference Materials (SRMs), the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) has established a licensed distributor program. The non-exclusive limited distribution license enables a distributor to purchase SRMs from NIST and resell them into the distributor's market using NIST's registered marks Standard Reference Material® and SRM®. Licensed distributors must themselves hold a valid ISO Guide 34 accreditation as a producer of Certified Reference Materials. Accreditation shall be from a body that is a member of the International Laboratory Accreditation Cooperation (ILAC). The scope of the accreditation determines the scope of the NIST SRM inventory over which the distributor license applies.
NIST is pleased to announce that the NIST SRM Program now has these licensed distributors:
MilliporeSigma, a part of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany
LGC Standards
Shanghai Research Institute of Materials Testing Service (Shanghai)
NCS Testing Technology Co., Ltd.(Beijing)
American Type Culture Collection
More details can be found in the Non-Exclusive Limited Distribution Agreement
For further information, contact:
Dr. Steven J. Choquette, Director
Office of Reference Materials
National Institute of Standards and Technology
100 Bureau Drive MS2300
Gaithersburg, MD 20899-2300
Email: Steven.choquette@nist.gov
Voice: 301-975-3096
Fax: 301-926-4751
Chemistry, Energy, Mathematics and Statistics, Metrology and Reference materials
Created January 20, 2016, Updated April 2, 2020