http://www.dotecon.com/privacy-policy/
This privacy policy statement sets out the data processing practices carried out through your use of this web site by DotEcon Ltd. (“DotEcon”). If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please contact us at info@dotecon.com.
Information collected
We collect personal information from visitors to this web site through the use of a newsletter sign up form and every time you e-mail us your details. We also collect non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request in order to track site usage and identify potential problems.
Use of personal information
We process personal information collected via this web site for the purposes of:
Identifying potential customers or subscribers
Providing you with the services that you have subscribed to or registered for
Dealing with your requests and enquiries
Providing you with information about products and services offered by DotEcon.
We do not sell personal information collected through this site or use your personal information for any other purposes than those stated above.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. We use cookies to identify and track visitors and their usage of our site.
If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer you should set your browser to refuse cookies before using this website.
For more information on how to control or delete cookies, click here.
Security
We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. All the data collected by us is stored on a secure server. The secure server software encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us.
Disclosures
We will only disclose personal information to companies and suppliers we engage to process data on our behalf.
Internet based transfer
Given that the Internet is a global environment, using the Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by browsing this web site and communicating electronically with us you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way.
Legal identity information
Registered name: DotEcon Ltd
Registered office: 17 Welbeck Street, London, W1G 9XJ
Place of registration: England and Wales
Registered number: 3783016
VAT Number: GB736356322
News
Second Austrian 5G auction ends with prospect of substantial improvements in coverage
Norwegian 2020 aquaculture capacity auction raises NOK 6 billion
Dutch multiband auction raises EUR 1.23bn
Follow @DotEcon
DotEcon Online Seminars
DotEcon runs an online seminar programme about topics of general interest linked to our work. Past online seminars have covered, for example, spectrum auction design, e-commerce and its impact on competition, or the role of regulators in disputes amongst firms.Our seminars are by invitation only, with invitations usually being sent around a week before the seminar is run. If you would like more information or be kept up-do-date with the programme in general, please send us an email.
This site uses cookies More infoAccept