http://www.gammascout.com/pages/geigercounter-privacy-policy
Phone: 302-273-2738   M-F 9am-5pm ET   |
No items in the shopping cart
Home
Products
Gamma-Scout Standard
Gamma-Scout Alert
Gamma-Scout Rechargeable
Gamma-Scout Online
Gamma Easy
Leather Case
Learning Center
Common Questions
Articles
Videos
Contact
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order on our site. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously without purchasing our products and entering this information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you will be used for the sole purpose of processing transactions.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, other than the express purpose of delivering the purchased product.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider's database, to be accessible only by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, with the requirement that they keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your credit card information will be kept on file for no more than 60 days. Your public information (name, address, phone number) is kept in our company database in the form of an invoice.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enable the site to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in processing transactions, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others' rights, property, or safety.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to this privacy policy and any other policies we have posted on our site.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below. This policy was last modified on April 26th 2011.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. Hanbang Group201 Ruthar Dr. Ste #1Newark, DE, 19711, USAPhone: +1 302-565-4822Email: sales@gammascout.com
PRIMARY LINKS
Home
Products
Contact Us
OTHER LINKS
Privacy Policy
Warranty
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
ABOUT US
Hanbang Group LLC is an Authorized Dealer for the German company GAMMA-SCOUT GmbH & Co.KG. We specialize in
product development, world-wide marketing
and distribution of niche electronic products from small to mid-size manufacturers.
CONTACT INFO
Our headquarters is located in Newark, Delaware. You can contact us using any of the methods below. Our office hours are 9am-5pm US Eastern Standard Time.
Fax: +1-302-273-2743
Email: sales@gammascout.com
COPYRIGHT © 2014   HANBANG GROUP