https://www.jandel.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and ConditionsWhat information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in the following way:
To furnish you with the requested information
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the information or service requested.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you submit your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. We may release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection
We do not aim to collect any information from anyone under 16 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 16 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 18th February 2020
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.jandel.co.uk
Grand Union House
Leighton Road, Leighton Buzzard LU7 1LA
UK
info@jandel.co.uk
+44 (0) 1525 378554