http://www.diptrace.com/privacy/
Home
DipTrace Software
Schematic Capture
PCB Layout
Library Creation
3D Modeling
Guided Tour
What's New
Downloads
Download DipTrace
Libraries and 3D Models
Language Packs
Older Versions
Related Product Links
Buy
Online Store
Special Offer
Volume Prices
Academic
Non-Profit
Local Dealers
Support
Request Support
My Support Tickets
Installation Guide
Welcome to DipTrace
Tutorials
Trainings
FAQ
Community
DipTrace Forum
Testimonials
YouTube Channel
Services
PCB Design
Library Creation
PCB Manufacturing
Company
About Us
News
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 25, 2018
What does this privacy policy cover?
This privacy policy describes the privacy practices of Novarm’s websites, as well as our desktop apps and mobile apps that include a link to this policy (in this policy, we refer to our desktop apps and mobile apps together as "apps"). Note that “websites” include web-based services. This privacy policy also applies to Novarm’s marketing and advertising practices.
What information does Novarm collect about me?
Novarm ID, registration, and customer support
When you register to use an Novarm app or website, create an Novarm ID, or contact us for support or other offerings, Novarm collects information that identifies you. This includes information such as your name, company name, email address, or payment history. We may also sometimes collect other information that does not identify you, such as which types of apps you’re interested in. Some of this information is required and other information is optional.
Novarm apps and websites
We collect information about how you use our apps and websites, including when you use a desktop app feature that takes you online. We may collect information sent by your browser or device to our servers whenever you visit an Novarm website or use an Novarm app. For example, your browser or device may tell us your IP address (which may tell us generally where you are located) and the type of browser and device you used. When you visit an Novarm website, your browser may also tell us information such as the page that led you to our website and, if applicable, the search terms you typed into a search engine that led you to our website. Novarm may collect information about how you use our websites and apps by using
cookies and similar technologies, and our servers may collect similar information when you are logged in to the app or website. Depending on the app or website, this information may be anonymous.
Also, we use automated systems to analyze your content using techniques such as machine learning in order to improve our apps and websites. This analysis may occur as the content is sent or received using an online feature of an Novarm app or website, or when the content is stored on Novarm servers.
Novarm application updates
Some of our apps include features that connect to our servers and offer you the ability to install updates to the app.
Novarm emails
Emails we send you may include a technology that tells Novarm whether you have received or opened the email, or clicked a link in the email. If you do not want us to collect this information from Novarm marketing emails, you can opt out of receiving Novarm marketing emails.
Novarm online advertising
Novarm advertises online in a variety of ways, including displaying Novarm ads to you on other companies' websites and apps. We collect information such as  which ads are displayed, which ads are clicked on, and on where the ad was displayed.
Buttons, tools, and content from other companies
Novarm apps and websites may include buttons, tools, or content that link to other companies’ services (for example, a Facebook "Like" button). We may collect information about your use of these features. In addition, when you see or interact with these buttons, tools, or content, or view an Novarm web page or app containing them, some information from your browser may automatically be sent to the other company. Please read that company’s privacy policy for more information.
Novarm social networking pages and social sign-on services
Novarm has its own pages on many social networking sites (for example, the DipTrace Facebook page). You may also be able to sign in to an Novarm app or website using a social networking account, such as a Facebook account. We may collect information when you interact with our social networking pages or use these sign-on features.
How does Novarm use the information it collects about me?
Novarm uses the information we collect about you in a number of ways, such as:
Providing you with the Novarm apps and websites for which you have registered, as well as any services, support, or information you have requested
Better understanding how our websites and apps are being used so we can improve them and engage and retain users
Using automated systems to analyze your content using techniques such as machine learning in order to improve our services. This analysis may occur as the content is sent, received, or when it is stored.
Diagnosing problems in our apps and websites
Tailoring a website, app, or Novarm ad to your likely interests
Sending you business messages such as those related to payments or expiration of your subscription
Sending you information about Novarm, new app releases, special offers, and similar information
Conducting market research about our customers, their interests, and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns
Reducing fraud, software piracy, and protecting you as well as Novarm
As further described for a specific Novarm app or website
What are cookies and how does Novarm use them?
As with most websites, Novarm uses cookies and similar technologies to make our websites work as well as to learn more about our users and their likely interests (
learn more).
Novarm websites may also use cookies and similar technologies from other companies that allow us to gather additional information to measure.
Does Novarm share my personal information?
Novarm works with companies that help us run our business. These companies provide services such as delivering customer support and processing credit card payments. In some cases, these companies have access to some of your personal information in order to provide services to you on our behalf. They are not permitted to use your information for their own purposes.
Novarm may also share your personal information:
When you agreed to the sharing
Within the Novarm family of companies for purposes described in this privacy policy
With our resellers and other sales partners if you are a business customer and agreed to receive Novarm marketing communications. Note that we do not share personal information about consumers with third parties for their own marketing purposes unless the consumer agreed to that sharing
When we are required to provide information in response to a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law or legal process
When we have a good faith belief that the disclosure is necessary to prevent or respond to fraud, defend our apps or websites against attacks, or protect the property and safety of Novarm, our customers and users, or the public
If we merge with or are acquired by another company, sell an Novarm website, app, or business unit, or if all or a substantial portion of our assets are acquired by another company. In those cases your information will likely be one of the assets that is transferred
We may share or publish aggregate information that doesn’t specifically identify you, such as statistical information about visitors to our websites or statistical information about our customers.
Is my personal information displayed anywhere on Novarm’s websites or applications?
There are several places within Novarm’s websites and apps that allow you to post comments, upload pictures, or submit content for others to see. Sometimes you can limit who can see what you share, but there are some places where what you share can be seen by the general public or other users of the app or website. Please be careful when you share your personal information. Do not share anything you wouldn’t want publicly known unless you are sure you are posting it within an app or website that allows you to control who sees what you post. Please note that when you post messages on certain user forums on our websites and app, your email address or name may be included and displayed with your message.
To remove content you have shared on our websites and apps, please use the same app or website feature you used to share the content. If another user invites you to participate in shared viewing, editing, or commenting of content, you may be able to delete your contributions, but usually the user who invited you has full control. If you have questions or concerns about this, please
contact us.
Is my personal information secure?
We understand that the security of your personal information is important. We provide reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security controls to protect your personal information. However, despite our efforts, no security controls are 100% effective and Novarm cannot ensure or warrant the security of your personal information.
Where does Novarm store my personal information?
Your personal information and files are stored on Novarm’s servers and the servers of companies we hire to provide services to us. Your personal information may be transferred across national borders because we have servers located worldwide and the companies we hire to help us run our business are located in different countries around the world.
Who can I contact with questions or concerns?
If you have a privacy question or concern, please email us at
support@diptrace.com.