http://www.tech.purdue.edu/security-and-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search form
Search
Link to facebook
Link to twitter
Link to instagram
Majors
Departments
Locations
Visit
News
Store
Give
About
‹
Purdue.edu
Purdue Polytechnic Institute
Global mobile menu
MajorsDepartmentsNewsStoreVisitAboutStatewide Locations
Security and Privacy Policy
Home
/
Security and Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
We value your privacy and take strong measures to protect any data you share with us. The following is how we manage your content.
What data we store:
When you fill out a form on our website and include your basic contact information, we keep it stored securely until we use it to contact you, and longer if we expect to contact you again. Some data is also shared with other university offices, including the admissions office, alumni office, development office, and the graduate office. We share name, address, phone, birthday, email, and incoming class information with Purdue Admissions, and general contact information including graduation data with other university offices.
Any data you provide us will be securely stored on our servers until it is deleted by request, or until the form is deleted.
What we store on your computer:
We also save cookies on your computer. Cookies allow us to provide the best user experience for you. It helps us serve pages faster to your browser. It also includes information about what pages you have already visited so we know more about your preferences so we can show you relevant content.
How to request or remove your data from our records:
Fill out this form to request a full list of data you’ve submitted in the past that we currently have stored.  A verification email will be sent with instructions for removing the data:
First Name *
Last Name *
Email Address *
The Email Address is the field we will use to find records associated with you. You must enter the same email here that you originally used to submit your data.
Leave this field blank
To be removed from our website, fill out this form. A verification email will be sent with instructions for removing the data:
First Name *
Last Name *
Email Address *
The Email Address is the field we will use to find records associated with you. You must enter the same email here that you originally used to submit your data.
Leave this field blank
If you have an account at polytechnic.purdue.edu and would like to have it removed, fill out this form. A verification email will be sent with instructions for removing the data:
First Name *
Last Name *
Account Username *
The Account Username is the field we will use to find records associated with you. You must enter the account username (or your Purdue career account username) here.
Email Address *
Current email address is required for verification.
Leave this field blank
Other locations that may store your data:
Purdue Admissions office
Purdue Development office
Purdue Alumni Association
Purdue Graduate School