http://www.minemax.com/privacy-policy/
Minemax Privacy Policy
Minemax Pty Ltd and its subsidiaries (herein called Minemax) are committed to protecting your privacy, while delivering software that brings you the performance, power and convenience that you need in your software applications.
You can visit most pages on our site without providing any information about yourself. However, we sometimes require information in order to provide software and services that you request, and so the following privacy statement explains collection, dissemination and use of your personal data in those situations. This information may be expanded or updated as we change or develop our site. For this reason, we recommend that you review this policy from time to time to see if anything has changed.
Your continued use of our site signifies your acceptance of our privacy policy. Minemax collects information on our users by your voluntary submissions and through cookie technology. The information Minemax collects is used in a variety of ways: for internal review; to improve the content of the site, thus making your user experience more valuable; to notify you about updates; to provide you information you have requested; and to let you know about our products and services.
By using our Website and using Minemax software, you consent to the collection and use of the information described in this Privacy Policy by Minemax.
1.1  Email and Message Forms
We may collect personal information from you (such as your name, address, telephone number and email address, and any other personal information you volunteer) if you send us email or if you submit information to us using a message or feedback form.  We will use this personal information to contact you to respond to your message, to send you information that you request, and for other related purposes we consider are within your reasonable expectations.  We will not use or disclose any such information for any other purpose without your consent.
1.2   Free viewer and demo software
When requesting information or a free viewer and demo software, you may be asked to provide your email address. By providing your e-mail address, you are agreeing that Minemax can send you important information about our products, including announcements of new releases.
1.3  Cookies
Cookies are small text files a website uses to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user’s ongoing access to the site and facilitate the use of the site. “Cookies” also allow a site to track usage behavior and compile site usage information that will allow for the improvement of content. This information is anonymous and we use this information only internally – we never give away information about our users.
1.4  Information about your computer
Minemax’s software contains features that communicate with services on the Internet. When these features are used, they send certain standard information from your computer (“standard computer information”) to Minemax. Standard computer information typically includes information such as your IP address, operating system version, browser version, your hardware ID which indicates the device manufacturer, device name and version, and your regional and language settings. This information is generally not personally identifiable and is similar to the information your browser sends to each website you visit.
1.5  Software Installation, Errors and Defects
Minemax automatically collects information identifying your installed Minemax product, the operating system of the device, the CPU architecture of the operating system and data regarding the success or failure of the installation of the software, data identifying the cause of a crash in the product and information about the product license which is in use.  Minemax may use this information to identify or contact you. Minemax will not collect, store or use information that is the subject of user data that you create using our software without your permission.
Minemax uses this information to make improvements to our products and to understand how our customers are using our products.
1.6  Minemax Software Improvement Program
The Minemax Software Improvement Program (“MSIP”) collects performance, configuration, reliability, connectivity, and usage data related to your use of Minemax software.  Examples of MSIP data include your IP address, the type and number of errors you encounter, software and hardware configuration/performance, and the speed of services. This data does not intentionally contain information specific to you. However, some data could unintentionally contain information specific to you if it were present in the diagnostic material collected.
Minemax uses this information to improve the quality, reliability, and performance of Minemax software and services.
Participation in MSIP is on by default. The MSIP setting in the Minemax Software Manager is a per-machine setting, so opting in or out of the MSIP program will do so for all users of the machine.
If you prefer not to participate, you can turn off MSIP at any time by opening the Minemax Software Manager, navigating to the SETTINGS screen and unticking the “Help improve Minemax’s software with the Minemax Software Improvement Program” option.
1.7  Minemax Software Support
If you contact us for support by email or by phone we may request collection of additional data to help us resolve your issue. We might choose to feed this information into MSIP to improve the quality, reliability, and performance of Minemax software and services.
1.8  Disclosures
Our policy is not to disclose personally identifiable information to unrelated third party unless required to do so by law or legal process. Minemax at its sole discretion reserves the right to make exceptions to this policy in extraordinary circumstances (such as a bomb or suicide threat, or instances of suspected illegal activity) on a case-by-case basis. Although Minemax will take reasonable measures not to disclose information about you or the contents of your communications, we may be compelled to do so in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary (a) to comply with the law; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to enforce these terms and conditions; (d) to respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (e) to facilitate the terms of an acquisition of Minemax by, or merger with, another company or (f) to protect the interests of Minemax or others.
1.9  Updates to This Policy
As our website and Minemax software evolves over time or our data handling policies change, we will update this privacy policy. This privacy policy will be governed by the laws of Western Australia.
Ask us a question
You can read all about our mine planning software, as well as our mining software training and consulting services, right here on our website. But if you have any questions, we’re here to help.
Contact Us
Stay up to date. Join our mailing list.
First NameLast NameEmail Address
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Submit