http://www.milwaukeezoo.org/legal.php
414-771-3040
Hours: 9:30 a.m. - 3 p.m. Complete Hours
Home
About Us
Find Us
Plan Your Visit
Meet the Animals
Groups & Rentals
Field Trips
Buy Tickets
Conservation
Media
Sign Up
Zoo map
Zoo Hours
Education & Zoo Pass
Web Cams
Wish List
Enrichment
Buy Zoo Tickets Here
Donate Now
Purchase Gift Cards
Visit the Online Store
Ocean Connections ProgramsWinter 2020-Spring 2021
December at the ZooA Month of Merriment
Visiting Tips
The
Milwaukee County Zoo's Legal Notices
Introduction
The Milwaukee County Zoo makes available information, materials,
and products on this website, subject to the following terms
and conditions. By accessing this site, you agree to the
terms and conditions as outlined in this legal notice. The
Milwaukee County Zoo reserves the right to change these terms
and conditions at its
sole discretion.
Copyright/Limited License
The information on this website is protected by copyright:
Copyright © 2020 The Milwaukee County Zoo. All rights
reserved.
Except as specifically permitted herein, no portion of the
information on this website may be reproduced in any form
or by any means without the prior written permission from
The Milwaukee County Zoo.
Use of Website Information
Except as otherwise indicated elsewhere on this site, you
may view, copy, print, and distribute documents available
on this website
subject to the following conditions:
1. The document may be used solely for personal, informational,
non-commercial purposes.
2. The document may not be modified or altered in any way.
3. Any copy of the document or portion thereof must include
the copyright notice above and this permission notice.
4. The Milwaukee County Zoo reserves the right to revoke
such authorization at any time, and any such use shall be
discontinued immediately upon written notice from The Milwaukee
County Zoo.
Documents specified above do not include the design or layout
of this website. Elements of this website are protected
by trade
and other laws and may not be copied or imitated
in whole or in part.
Refund Policy
Our policy is to not
issue refunds for event registration payments. However, if you have a
question concerning your payment and/or you'd like to inquire about a possible
refund, please call the Zoo's Public Affairs and Services Division at
(414) 256-5466.
Milwaukee County Zoo Digital
Privacy Policy
The Milwaukee County Zoo is
committed to protecting your personal privacy.
We do not share your email
address or any other personal information with third parties.
We do not disclose any private
online communications.
We use secure technology and restrictions on employee access to
safeguard your personal information.
We will advise you if and when
changes to this policy are made.
How Does the Milwaukee County Zoo
Use Registration Information?
The Milwaukee County Zoo’s
registration (sign up, entry or opt-in) forms require users to provide contact
information (i.e., name and email address) and sometimes demographic
information (i.e., ZIP code, gender or age). This registration data is used to send
information about Zoo news, exhibits, events and special
offers exclusively to our email guests. The user's contact information may
also be used to contact the user when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving
future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our email communications provide recipients
with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at any
time. Should you wish to opt-out of our email alerts, instructions for removal
will come with every email.
How does the Milwaukee County Zoo
secure information entered by visitors?
We use industry standard technology
to keep your personal information secure.
All Milwaukee County Zoo employees
servicing the website are obligated to abide by this privacy policy. Employees
who violate our privacy policies are subject to disciplinary action, up to and
including termination.
Only authorized Milwaukee County Zoo employees
servicing the website are permitted to have access to your personal
information.
© Milwaukee County Zoo
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Associations  |
;