http://www.wildfund.org/privacy/
07 3844 0129
HOME
ABOUT
PROPERTIES
ACTIVITIES
DONATE / MEMBERSHIP
CONTACT US
Privacyadmin2018-06-25T14:14:35+00:00
Privacy Policy for Wildlife Land Fund LtdGeneral:
This privacy policy sets out how we comply with our obligations under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act). We are bound by the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) in the Privacy Act which regulate how we may collect, use, disclose and store personal information, and how individuals may access and correct personal information held about them.
This Privacy Policy sets out our commitment to protecting the privacy of your personal information that we collect through this website www.wildfund.org (Site) or directly from you.
Your providing us with personal information indicates that you have had sufficient opportunity to access this Privacy Policy and that you have read and accepted it.
If you do not wish to provide personal information to us, then you do not have to do so, however it may affect your use of this Site or any services offered on it.
1. Type of personal information collected
We collect personal information for the primary purpose of: protecting land with high conservation value or environmental significance seeking donations and providing information about our activities managing our reserves and our conservation work
We generally collect personal information directly from individuals, for example, where you contact us and ask to become a supporter, make a donation, visit a reserve or otherwise interact with us.
If you volunteer or visit our reserves, we may collect health information from you. We do this in case a medical condition affects your ability to participate, needs further management or is relevant in an emergency. We collect information about all first aid or emergency incidents.
If we receive your personal information from third parties, we will protect it as set out in this Privacy Policy.
2. Collection and use of personal information
We collect and use the personal information for purposes including to contact and communicate with you, for internal record keeping and for marketing.
3. Disclosure of personal information
We may disclose personal information for purposes including to provide our products and services to you, and as required by law.
Where we disclose your personal information to third parties for these purposes, we will request that the third party follow this Privacy Policy regarding handling of your personal information.
4. Access to and correction of personal information
Access: You may request details of personal information that we hold about you, in certain circumstances set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). We may refuse to provide you with information that we hold about you, in certain circumstances set out in the Privacy Act.
Correction: If you believe that any information we hold on you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, please contact us by email. We rely in part upon customers advising us when their personal information changes. We will respond to any request within a reasonable time. We will endeavour to promptly correct any information found to be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date.
5. Complaints about breach
If you believe that we have breached the Australian Privacy Principles and wish to make a complaint about that breach, please contact us on the email address below.
6. Unsubscribe
To unsubscribe from our e-mail database, or opt out of communications, please contact us at the details below.
7. Storage and Security
We are committed to ensuring that the information you provide is secure.
For any questions or notice, please contact us at: Wildlife Land Fund Ltd ABN: 47 096 317 967 Email: contact@wildfund.org.au Last update: 14 June 2015
Your Information:
We will not give out any information you submit at our site to any third parties except in compliance with a request of a law enforcement agency. Under no circumstances will your name, e-mail, phone number or address be sold to, or given to any other parties. We will never sell, lease, or rent any of your personally identifiable information to any third party.
Collected Information:
Your personal information is collected through our contact form only. This website currently has no programs that gather information from your computer without your consent. Users whowish tocontact us are required to give us contact information (e.g., your name and email address) and demographic information (e.g., your post code). Certain information, such as your email address, is collected in order to verify your identity and for use in our records. Information collected at this website is kept in our records only as long as is necessary to respond to questions or inquiries.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this site, please contact us.