http://www.surveyors.org.nz/privacy_policy
Contact
Privacy and Legal Policy
S+SNZ Members
Registered Professional Surveyors
Consulting Surveyors of NZ
Contact Us
Privacy and Legal Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Act 1993
Survey and Spatial New Zealand (S+SNZ) is subject to the New Zealand Privacy Act 1993 (New Zealand) which is administered by the New Zealand Privacy Commissioner.
Cookies
This website does not use cookies to store personal data and nor does this website link non-personal information stored in cookies with personal data about specific individuals.
This site and subsidiary websites may generate persistent session cookies for the purpose of monitoring site usage. The cookies do not collect personal information. You can disable them or clear them out of the web browser you are using to view this website and subsidiary websites without affecting your ability to use the sites.
Collection and use of personal information
Personal information entered into the website by members and visitors is only collected for S+SNZ business and operation of membership services. The purpose(s) for collecting personal information will be clear in such cases and no information will be used for any other, unrelated purposes.
S+SNZ does not on-sell any personal information. Only those involved in providing the service associated with the purpose (including any required technical support) will have access to the personal information.
Storage and security of personal information
S+SNZ keeps all personal information in a secure IT environment with appropriate system back-ups. When any online services are provided which involve members or visitors sending personal financial information to this website, this information is not stored on the website.
All financial transactions are processed in real time through a secure online payment system. S+SNZ does not have access to your full card number; credit or debit card payments which are secured by DPS.
All S+SNZ employees and data processors that have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data are required to respect the confidentiality of members and visitors' personal data.
Payment Policy
Membership invoicing
Members are invoiced at the end of the membership year which goes from 1 July to 30 June. Invoices are generated and sent by email to members via Memberconnex. S+SNZ prefers payments for membership fees and events such as seminars to be made using the DPS Payment Express Gateway system accessed through the Members' Dashboard in www.surveyspatialnz.org Also accepted are payments by direct credit to ANZ Bank account: 06 0501 0058884 00.
Payments
All amounts shown are in New Zealand dollars. S+SNZ uses the DPS Payment Express Gateway for its online credit card transactions. This includes membership payments and payment for services such as Continuing Professional Development events. DPS has bank-grade security and all payments are processed in real-time. S+SNZ does not have access to your full card number; credit or debit card payments are secured by DPS. All transaction details are stored in the DPS PCI-DSS Data Centre. DPS Payment Express software is certified with more than 200 banks globally and DPS processes online credit card transactions securely for thousands of merchants globally, providing a safe and secure online payment service. For more information about online credit card payments, visit www.paymentexpress.com.
Refund policy
S+SNZ will refund a membership payment on a pro-rata basis if a membership is cancelled by email or in writing within the first six months of a membership year. Event payments will be refunded in full for cancellations received up to 7 days before the event or at S+SNZ's discretion.
Website terms and conditions
The use of this website is subject to terms and conditions (download below).
Disclaimer
Every effort has been made to ensure that the information contained on this website is correct and current.
S +SNZ does not accept any responsibility for information that is incorrect and where action has been taken as a result of the information on this site.
Attachments
Survey and Spatial NZ Website Terms & Conditions
pdf110 KB
PDF
16 Sep 2020