https://www.engissol.com/privacy-policy.html
Home
› Information › Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
ENGISSOL Ltd. has drafted this document, which details how we gather and disseminate information, in an effort to demonstrate our strong commitment to online privacy. Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy.
Use of Internet Protocol Address
We use your Internet protocol (IP) address for several reasons: to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Web site and to gather broad demographic information.
Use of Registration Information
Contact information, such as name and e-mail address, and demographic information, such as your ZIP code can be collected via the contact form of our website. We use this information to send you promotional materials from our company only. However, users may opt out of — or opt in to — these promotional e-mail messages at any time. (See Opt Out/Opt In, below.)
Use of Demographic Information
We also collect demographic and profile data that we use to tailor your experience at engissol.com. Based on this information, we display products and content we feel you might interest you.
Use of Order Information
When you place an order, ENGISSOL Ltd. requests information such as contact information,  credit card number and demographic information though the third party company share-it (www.shareit.com). The contact information you provide is used to send you orders, company information and promotional material from our partners. You can opt out or opt in at any time. (See Opt Out/Opt In, below) Your financial information is used for the sole purpose of billing you for products and services.
Use of Information Collected in Contests
To participate in our contests, you will be required to supply contact and demographic information. ENGISSOL Ltd. uses this data to send you information about the company. We might use this information to contact you as necessary. However, you may opt out of or opt in to our mailings at any time. (See Opt Out/Opt In, below.) Demographic and profile data are collected at our site and used to personalize future visits by displaying the content we feel you would most interest you.
Security
ENGISSOL Ltd. features security measures  to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information placed under our control.
Opt Out/Opt In
ENGISSOL Ltd. allows users to opt out of receiving e-mail from us or our partners. To opt out of our mailing list you can notify as per e-mail.
Correct/Update Personal Information
ENGISSOL Ltd. allows you to change or modify your personal information by sending e-mail to a remove e-mail address or by visiting a designated customer service page.
Disclaimer
This site contains links to other sites. ENGISSOL Ltd. is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these sites.
Contact Us
If you have any additional questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us.
Have any questions? Do not hesitate to contact us!
Contact  us ›
2018 - 2020 © Engissol Ltd.- Structural Engineering Software
All Rights Reserved. Developed by TotalWeb®
To top