https://www.natca.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
NATCA takes your privacy seriously. We
do not sell, share, or rent any personally identifying information about
you. If you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy,
please contact us at privacy@natcadc.org.
Anonymous Information Gathered Automatically
Our web servers automatically collect and store anonymous information about your visit including, but not limited to:
The Internet domain name (for example,
“xcompany.com’ if you use a private internet access account, or
“yourschool.edu” if you connect from a university’s domain) and IP
address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to
your computer whenever you are surfing the web) from which you access
our websiteThe type of browser and operating system used to access our site;The date and time you access our site;The click-through rates;The amount of time that your spend on our site; andThe pages you visit.
Personally Identifiable Information
In some areas of this website, visitors
may provide voluntary contact information. For example, in the “Contact
Us” section of the site, you can email for more information or with
questions about the site. You must include contact information in your
email if you desire a response. If you feel more comfortable contacting
us via U.S. Postal Mail, telephone, or fax, please use the following
contact information:
NATCAATTN: Communications Department1325 Massachusetts Avenue, NWWashington, D.C. 20005Phone: 202-628-5451 or Toll Free: 800-266-0895FAX: 202.628.5767
Members may be
granted access to additional information on the members-only portions of
the website if they set up a profile. We store a member’s full name,
NATCA membership number, facility, and username and password. We use
this information to authenticate current users and to grant access to
new users.
How We Use Information Collected
We may use the information collected from this site for several purposes:
We use the anonymous information
gathered automatically by our web server to determine overall site
traffic, popularity of areas of the site, what our users are looking
for, and where our users are linking to us from. Aggregate information
may be provided to our member organizations for statistical reporting.If you are a NATCA member and elect to
access the members-only portions of the site, you will use your issued
username and password to access the site. This username and password
combination is issued through authenticating a user with the user’s
NATCA membership number.If you contact us by email with
questions about our privacy policy or site, or a request for more
information or publications, and request a response, we will use any
personally identifiable contact information you provide to respond to
your request. We will not contact you unless it is specifically
requested and we will not use any personally identifiable information in
any way not outlined in this privacy policy.We will not provide any personally
identifiable information to any third parties without your consent,
except that we reserve the right to provide personally identifiable
information to third parties if we reasonably believe that the release
of information is necessary: (1) to comply with legal requirements or
legal process; (2) to protect and defend the rights or property of the
National Air Traffic Controllers Association; or (3) to protect the
other users of the site or the public.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
We do not solicit or knowingly collect
information from minors under the age of 13, in compliance with the
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). For more information about COPPA, please click here.
Correcting or Deleting Submitted Information
If you feel any information submitted by
you is incorrect, or if you wish to have us delete any information you
have submitted to us, please email web.staff@list.natca.net.
Cookies
To determine if users are signed in as
members, we may use a certain type of “cookie.” Cookies are data that a
website can send to your browser. Session cookies (also known as session
variables) are kept in your browser’s memory and, depending on your
browser settings, may be purged after your browser session is over.
Session cookies are used to keep track of passwords, preferences,
orders, and various other aspects of a user’s “session” within a
website.
To protect your privacy, be sure to close
your browser completely after you have finished conducting business
with a website that uses cookies. If you are concerned about the
potential use of information gathered from your computer by cookies, you
can set your browser to prompt you before it accepts a cookie. Most
Internet browsers have settings that let you identify and/or reject
cookies. These settings are usually located under “Tools” on your
browser toolbar.
Security and Intrusion Detection
For site security purposes, and to help
make this site available to all users, we employ software programs to
monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or
change information, or otherwise cause damage. Be aware that no
transmission of data over the Internet can be completely secure. We do
not employ secure socket layer (SSL) encryption or like technology.
Notification of Changes
NATCA may change this policy at any time.
International Users
Regardless of where you live or do
business, by using this web site, you agree that we may collect, use,
and transfer your information as described in this privacy policy.
Other Websites and Links
The natca.org website contains links to
other websites. If you choose to use any of these links, you will be
leaving our website and going to a third-party (external) website.
Protection of your privacy at these linked sites will be governed by the
privacy policy at that third party site. We encourage you to read the
privacy policies at these third party sites. We are not responsible for
the privacy practices at these third party sites, nor for the use of any
information you may provide at these third party sites.
TERMS OF USE
By accessing natca.org, including applications on third-party sites,
you are indicating your acceptance to be bound by the provisions of
this Terms of Use and the natca.org Privacy Policy, which is
incorporated herein by reference. If you do not accept any of these
terms, do not access the natca.org site. NATCA may, in its sole
discretion, amend the Terms of Use at any time. By continuing to access
the natca.org site, you agree to be bound by any modifications to the
Terms of Use.
The terms “you” and “User,” as used
herein, refer to all individuals and/or entities accessing the natca.org
website for any reason:
Eligibility: By accessing the
natca.org website, you represent and warrant that you are 18 years of
age or older, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or
guardian consent, and that you have the right, authority and capacity to
agree and abide by these Terms of Use.
Restrictions: NATCA hereby grants you permission to access and use the website as set forth in these Terms of Use, provided that:
You may not use the natca.org website in violation of any applicable law or regulation; andYou do not use the website for any
commercial purposes without the prior written authorization of NATCA.
You agree not to solicit any users of the website with respect to their
user comments.
User Content: You are solely
responsible for your own user content and the consequences of posting or
publishing it. Your user content may be used, modified, or removed by
NATCA for any purpose without your permission. You agree not to create
any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing,
defamatory, violent, vulgar, obscene, hateful or racially, ethnically or
otherwise objectionable, or potentially libelous or inflammatory, as
solely determined by NATCA. NATCA does not endorse user content and
expressly disclaims any liability related to user content. NATCA does
not permit the infringement of intellectual property rights on natca.org.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act:
If you are a copyright owner and believe that any content on the
natca.org website infringes upon your copyright, you may submit a notice
in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) to
NATCA’s designated Copyright Agent. The notification should be in
writing and should include the information indicated below (see 17
U.S.C. § 512(c)(3) for additional information).
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright;Identification of the copyrighted work(s) claimed to have been infringed;Identification of the material that is claimed to
be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to
be removed;Information reasonably sufficient to permit the
NATCA to contact the complaining party (for example, address, telephone
number, or email address);A statement that the complaining party has a good
faith belief that the use of the material is not authorized by the
copyright owner; andA statement that information contained in the
complaint is accurate and that the complaining party is authorized to
act on behalf of the copyright owner.
NATCA’s designated Copyright Agent for receipt of notices of claimed infringement is:
NATCAATTN: General Counsel1325 Massachusetts Ave, NWWashington, D.C. 20005copyright@natca.net
Disclaimer: The natca.org website
contains links to other websites. If you choose to use any of these
links, you will be leaving our website and going to a third-party
(external) website. NATCA is not responsible for the content on the
third-party websites.
These Terms of Use are effective as of December 10, 2015.
×
Log In
Log In
Membership Number
Password
Remember Me
NATCA's Website uses your NATCA Portal Login. Click here to go to the portal.
Need an account? Click here!
Forgot password or Membership Number?
×
Search for:
Website Suggestions
Name
First
Last
Member NumberEmail
Do you have any suggestions to make the NATCA website better?*
Please confirm your humanity.
Warning:
array_map(): Expected parameter 2 to be an array, bool given in /home/customer/www/natca.org/public_html/wp-content/plugins/natca-unionware/public/class-natca-unionware-public.php on line 113
×
Insert/edit link
Close
Enter the destination URL
URL
Link Text
Open link in a new tab
Or link to existing content
Search
No search term specified. Showing recent items.
Search or use up and down arrow keys to select an item.
Cancel
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy Policy