https://www.gtbcastleltd.co.uk/privacy-statement/
Tel: 07840191907 / 07714699926
sales@gtbcastle.com
Tel: 07840191907 / 07714699926   sales@gtbcastle.com
HomeAbout UsContact UsCalibration, Validation & ISO/IEC 17025 'UKAS'Join Our TeamService ContractsCentrifuge SalesFreezer SalesWorkshop Repair ServiceCentrifuge Motor RefurbishmentCentrifuge Recycling & DisposalEquipment & SuppliesGP CentrifugePrecellys Tissue Homogenizers ServiceNew: Mini CentrifugesNew: Micro CentrifugeCentrifuge Special OffersAFIFAQsFeedbackPrivacy Statement
Contact Us
Tel:  07714 699 926
Tel:  07840 191 907
Fax: 01793 486 321
Email: sales@gtbcastle.com
Visit Our Online Store
for all your:
centrifuge accessories
spare parts
replacement centrifuges
Click here to find our store.
GTB Castle Limited Privacy Statement
GTB Castle Limited Company No. 04019988 Unit 88 Pembroke Centre, Cheney Manor Industrial Estate, Swindon, Wiltshire SN2 2PQ
GTB Castle Limited ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms and conditions and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be
processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
The rules on processing of personal data are set out in the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
Personal data
Under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) personal data is defined as:
“any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by
reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic,
cultural or social identity of that natural person”.
What Information does GTB Castle Limited Collect?
We collect your name, company name and contact information, provided by you, this will be used to respond to your enquiry, requests for further information, and to communicate with you during the
provision of our services to you.
How we use your information
This privacy notice tells you how we, GTB Castle Limited, will collect and use your personal data for:
We may use your personal information to:
(a) administer the website.
(b) improve your browsing experience by personalising the website.
(c) enable your use of the services available on the website.
(d) supply you with services.
(e) send statements and invoices to you and collect payments from you.
(f) send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications.
(g) send you email notifications which you have requested.
(h) send to you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you by post, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at
any time if you no longer require marketing communications).
(i) deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
Why does GTB Castle Limited to collect and store personal data?
In order for us to provide you with information on our products or services we may collect personal data so that we can personalise your use of the site, assist your use of the site and improve
the site generally;
when you make an enquiry on any area of our website;
when we provide services to you;
when you apply for employment.
Your personal information may also be used by us to send you information about additional products, services and offers. You may choose not to receive such messages at any time.
We may also use aggregate information and statistics through the use of Cookies for the purpose of monitoring website usage in order to help us improve our website and our services.
In any event, we are committed to ensuring that the information we collect and use is appropriate for this purpose and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy.
Will GTB Castle Limited share my personal data with anyone else?
We may pass your personal data on to third-party service providers contracted to GTB Castle Limited in the course of dealing with you. Any third parties that we may share your data with are
obliged to keep your details securely, and to use them only to fulfill the obligations of contracts those suppliers may have with us. When they no longer need your data to fulfill this service, they
will dispose of the details in line with GTB Castle Limited’s procedures. If we wish to pass your sensitive personal data onto a third party we will only do so once we have obtained your consent,
unless we are legally required to do otherwise.
How will GTB Castle Limited use the personal data it collects about me?
GTB Castle Limited will process (collect, store and use) the information you provide in a manner compatible with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will endeavour to keep your
information accurate and up to date, and not keep it for longer than is necessary. GTB Castle Limited is required to retain information in accordance with the law, such as information needed for
income tax and audit purposes. How long certain kinds of personal data should be kept may also be governed by specific business-sector requirements and agreed practices. Personal data may be held in
addition to these periods depending on individual business needs.
Under what circumstances will GTB Castle Limited contact me?
Our aim is not to be intrusive, and we undertake not to ask irrelevant or unnecessary questions. Moreover, the information you provide will be subject to rigorous measures and procedures to
minimise the risk of unauthorised access or disclosure.
Can I find out the personal data that the organisation holds about me?
GTB Castle Limited, at your request, can confirm what information we hold about you and how it is processed. If GTB Castle Limited does hold personal data about you, you can request the following
information:
Identity and the contact details of the person or organisation that has determined how and why to process your data. In some cases, this will be a representative in the EU.
Contact details of the data protection officer, where applicable.
The purpose of the processing as well as the legal basis for processing.
If the processing is based on the legitimate interests of GTB Castle Limited or a third party, information about those interests.
The categories of personal data collected, stored and processed.
Recipient(s) or categories of recipients that the data is/will be disclosed to.
If we intend to transfer the personal data to a third country or international organisation, information about how we ensure this is done securely. The EU has approved sending personal data to
some countries because they meet a minimum standard of data protection. In other cases, we will ensure there are specific measures in place to secure your information.
How long the data will be stored.
Details of your rights to correct, erase, restrict or object to such processing.
Information about your right to withdraw consent at any time.
How to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
Whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, as well as whether you are obliged to provide the personal
data and the possible consequences of failing to provide such data.
The source of personal data if it wasn’t collected directly from you.
Any details and information of automated decision making, such as profiling, and any meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and expected consequences of such
processing.
What forms of ID will I need to provide in order to access this?
GTB Castle Limited accepts the following forms of ID when information on your personal data is requested:
Current Passport, driving licence, birth certificate or utility bill (from last 3 months).
Contact details of the GDPR Owner:
GDPR Owner contact details
Contact Name:
Colin Newman
Address:
GTB Castle Limited
Unit 88
Pembroke Centre
Cheney Manor Industrial Estate
Swindon
SN2 2PQ
Email:
sales@gtbcastle.com
Telephone:
07714 699 926
Print
|
Sitemap
© GTB Castle Limited
Login
Logout |
Edit page