http://www.pangaea.de/about/privacypolicy.php
Privacy Policy
We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our website and our services.
Data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of
PANGAEA. The use of the Internet pages of PANGAEA is possible
without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject
wants to use our services like submitting datasets or get in contact with us,
processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data
is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we
generally obtain consent from the data subject. We collect information from you when you
sign up
on our site.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, research institution, e-mail
address, ORCID iD,
or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line
with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance
with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to
PANGAEA. By means of this data protection declaration, our hosting institution,
Alfred-Wegener-Institut, would like to inform the general public of the nature,
scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore,
data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection
declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
As the controller, PANGAEA has implemented numerous technical and
organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of
personal data processed through this website. However, Internet-based
data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute
protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is
free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by
telephone.
Definitions
The data protection declaration of
PANGAEA is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the
adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data
protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the
general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To
ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the
following terms:
Personal data: Personal data means any information relating to an identified or
identifiable natural person ("data subject"). An identifiable natural
person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in
particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an
identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or
more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental,
economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
Data subject: Data subject is any identified or
identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the
controller responsible for the processing.
Processing: Processing is any operation or set of operations
which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether
or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization,
structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation,
use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making
available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or
destruction.
Restriction of processing: Restriction of processing is the
marking of stored personal data with
the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
Profiling: Profiling means any form of automated
processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to
evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in
particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural
person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal
preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
Pseudonymisation: Pseudonymisation is
the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data
can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use
of additional information, provided that such additional information is
kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures
to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or
identifiable natural person.
Controller or controller responsible for the processing:
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal
person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly
with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of
personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are
determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific
criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State
law.
Processor: Processor is a natural
or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes
personal data on behalf of the controller.
Recipient: Recipient is a natural or legal person, public
authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are
disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities
which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry
in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as
recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities
shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules
according to the purposes of the processing.
Third party: Third party is a natural or legal person, public
authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller,
processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller
or processor, are authorized to process personal data.
Consent: Consent of the data subject is any freely
given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data
subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear
affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal
data relating to him or her.
Name and Address of the controller
Controller for the
purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data
protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and
other provisions related to data protection is:
PANGAEA
c/o Alfred-Wegener-Institut
Helmholtz-Zentrum für Polar- und Meeresforschung
Am Handelshafen 12
27570 Bremerhaven
Germany
Phone: +49 471 4831-0
Fax: +49 471 4831-1149
E-mail: info@awi.de
Web: www.awi.de
Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer of the controller is:
Christoph Wagner
Infrastructure/Administration | Legal Department | Room C-408
Alfred-Wegener-Institut
Helmholtz-Zentrum für Polar- und Meeresforschung
Am Handelshafen 12
27570 Bremerhaven
Germany
Phone: +49 471 4831-1637
Fax: +49 471 4831-1149
E-mail: Christoph.Wagner@awi.de
Web: www.awi.de/nc/en/about-us/organisation/staff/christoph-wagner.html
Any data subject may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer directly with all questions and suggestions concerning data protection.
Cookies
The Internet pages of PANGAEA use cookies.
Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an
Internet browser.
Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a
so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie.
It consists of a character string through which Internet pages and
servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the
cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to
differentiate the individual browser of the data subject from other
Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific Internet
browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.
Through the use of cookies, PANGAEA can provide the users of this
website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible
without the cookie setting.
By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can
be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously
mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of this
recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. The
website user that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data
each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the
website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user's computer system.
Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop. The
online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the
virtual shopping cart via a cookie.
The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies
through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet
browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies.
Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an
Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all
popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting
of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our
website may be entirely usable.
Collection of general data and information
The website of PANGAEA collects a series of general data and information when a
data subject or automated system calls up the website. This general data
and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1)
the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by
the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system
reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the
date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol
address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing
system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used
in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
When using these general data and information, PANGAEA does not
draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is
needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize
the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the
long-term viability of our information technology systems and website
technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the
information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a
cyber-attack. Therefore, PANGAEA analyzes anonymously collected data
and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data
protection and data security of our institution, and to ensure an optimal
level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data
of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data
provided by a data subject.
Sign Up / Registration on our website
The data subject has the
possibility to sign up (register) on the website of the controller with the
indication of personal data. Which personal data are transmitted to the
controller is determined by the respective input mask used for the
"sign up" form. The personal data entered by the data subject are
collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller, and
for his own purposes. The controller may request transfer to one or more
processors (e.g. a scientific publisher) that also uses personal data for an
internal purpose which is attributable to the controller.
By registering on the website of the controller, the IP
address — assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the
data subject — date, and time of the registration are also stored. The
storage of this data takes place against the background that this is the
only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to
make it possible to investigate committed offenses. Insofar, the storage
of this data is necessary to secure the controller. This data is not
passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to
pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal
prosecution.
The registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication
of personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data
subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered
users due to the nature of the matter in question. Registered persons
are free to change the personal data specified during the registration
at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of
the controller.
The data controller shall, at any time, provide information upon
request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about
the data subject. In addition, the data controller shall correct or
erase personal data at the request or indication of the data subject,
insofar as there are no statutory storage obligations. A Data Protection
Officer particularly designated in this data protection declaration, as
well as the entirety of the controller’s employees are available to the
data subject in this respect as contact persons.
Single Sign On (SSO)
The data subject may log in to PANGAEA's website using sign-in services
from providers such as ORCID. These services will authenticate the identity
and provide the option to share certain personal information with PANGAEA
such as name and email address to pre-populate the PANGAEA "sign up" form.
The data subject may unlink his/her ORCID profile from the PANGAEA website at any time.
The operator of ORCID is ORCID Inc., 10411 Motor City Drive, Suite 750, Bethesda, MD 20817, United States.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of
ORCID may be retrieved under
https://orcid.org/privacy-policy.
Contact possibility via the website
The website of PANGAEA contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to
our institution, as well as direct communication with us, which also
includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail
address).
If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail, via the
contact form,
the personal data transmitted by the data subject are
automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary
basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the
purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. When using the contact form,
there is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.
Scientific data submission via the website
The website of PANGAEA contains a web application to submit scientific
datasets to be stored in the PANGAEA database for publishing them.
If a data subject contacts the controller using the
scientific data submission application,
the personal data transmitted by the data subject are
automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary
basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the
purpose of processing or contacting the data subject.
To successfully submit scientific datasets to PANGAEA, the data subject
has to provide some additional personal data (e.g., name of authors and co-authors)
to allow correct citation of those datasets in the scientific community.
This information will be made available to the public after the submission
process through dataset metadata (in XML or JSON format and via the PANGAEA website).
This is a requirement of scientific publishing.
Scientific data publications including the aforementioned personal data may be
consumed by third parties (e.g., libraries, data portals) using PANGAEA's
metadata and data services.
By submitting scientific data to the controller,
the data subject agrees with publishing those datasets in the public interest,
for scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes
according to Art. 9(2) lit. j GDPR and Art. 89 GDPR.
Usage of Content Delivery Networks (CDN)
On this website, the controller has integrated javascript, fonts, and
images served by Content Delivery Networks. A Content Delivery Network (CDN)
is a geographically distributed network of proxy servers and their
data centers. The goal is to distribute service spatially relative to
end-users to provide high availability and high performance.
During the course of this technical procedure, third parties may gain
knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data
subject.
The CDN services used at PANGAEA were audited by the controller
to be GDPR compliant.
Data protection provisions about the application and use of
Google Analytics (with anonymization function) and other Google tools
(Google Maps, reCAPTCHA, Google CDN)
On this website,
the controller has integrated the component of Google Analytics (with
the anonymizer function). Google Analytics is a web analytics service.
Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about
the behavior of visitors to websites. A web analysis service collects,
inter alia, data about the website from which a person has come (the
so-called referrer), which sub-pages were visited, or how often and for
what duration a sub-page was viewed. Web analytics are mainly used for
the optimization of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit
analysis of Internet advertising.
The operator also integrated Google Maps that is used to display maps of coverages of scientific datasets.
reCAPTCHA is a CAPTCHA-like system
designed to establish that a computer user is human (normally in order to protect websites from bots).
The operator of the Google Analytics, Google Maps, Google CDN, and reCAPTCHA services is
Google LLC (formerly known as Google Inc.), 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States.
For the web analytics through Google Analytics the controller uses
the application "_gat._anonymizeIp". By means of this application the
IP address of the Internet connection of the data subject is abridged by
Google and anonymized when accessing our websites from a Member State of
the European Union or another Contracting State to the Agreement on the
European Economic Area.
The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyze the
traffic on our website. Google uses the collected data and information,
inter alia, to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online
reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other
services concerning the use of our Internet site for us.
Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system
of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With
the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyze the use of our
website. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this
Internet site, which is operated by the controller and into which a
Google Analytics component was integrated, the Internet browser on the
information technology system of the data subject will automatically
submit data through the Google Analytics component for the purpose of
online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Google. During
the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise Google gains
knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data
subject, which serves Google, inter alia, to understand the origin of
visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements.
The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access
time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of
visits of our website by the data subject. With each visit to our
Internet site, such personal data, including the IP address of the
Internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google
in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by
Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these personal
data collected through the technical procedure to third parties.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies
through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment
of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of
cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also
prevent Google Analytics from setting a cookie on the information
technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in
use by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or
other software programs.
In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a
collection of data that are generated by Google Analytics, which is
related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this
data by Google and the chance to preclude any such. For this purpose,
the data subject must download and
install the add-on. This browser
add-on tells Google Analytics through a javascript, that any data and
information about the visits of Internet pages may not be transmitted to
Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-ons is considered
an objection by Google. If the information technology system of the data
subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data
subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable Google Analytics.
If the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other
person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is
disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation
of the browser add-ons.
Google Maps, Google CDN, and reCAPTCHA may set additional cookies
on the information technology system of the data subject.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of
Google may be retrieved under
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
and under
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html.
Google Analytics is
further explained under the following Link
https://www.google.com/analytics/.
Data protection provisions about the application and use of YouTube
On this website, the controller has integrated components of YouTube.
YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video
clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review
and commenting on them.
The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave.,
San Bruno, CA 94066, UNITED STATES. The YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary
of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated
by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) was integrated,
the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is
automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding YouTube component.
During the course of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google gain knowledge of what
specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in on YouTube, YouTube recognizes with each
call-up to a sub-page that contains a YouTube video, which specific sub-page of our
Internet site was visited by the data subject. This information is collected by
YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the data subject.
YouTube and Google will receive information through the YouTube component that
the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call
to our website is logged in on YouTube; this occurs regardless of whether the person
clicks on a YouTube video or not. If such a transmission of this information to YouTube
and Google is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the
data subject logs off from their own YouTube account before a call-up to our website is made.
YouTube's data protection provisions, available at
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/,
provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.
Usage Statistics with Altmetric
On this website,
the controller has integrated
Altmetric badges.
Altmetric, or altmetric.com, is a data science company that tracks where published research
is mentioned online, and provides tools and services to institutions, publishers, researchers,
funders and other organisations to monitor this activity, commonly referred to as altmetrics.
During the course of this technical procedure, Altmetric gains
knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data
subject.
The operator of the Altmetric badge is Altmetric LLP, 1 Mark Square, London, EC2A 4EG, United Kingdom.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of
Altmetric may be retrieved under
https://www.altmetric.com/privacy-policy/.
Data protection provisions with social media: Twitter / Facebook
On this website, the controller has integrated functionality to share links to published datasets and our
webpages with social networks. Unless the data subject clicks on those links, no personal information is transmitted.
If the data subject is clicking those links or following PANGAEA's social media profiles, the controller would like
to point out that the content and scope of the data directly collected by and transmitted to social media services are
determined solely by the provider in question. For more information, please see the privacy policies of the
respective providers using the links provided here:
Facebook (Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA), Privacy Policy
Twitter (Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA), Privacy Policy
Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data
controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject
only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as
far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators
in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period
prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator
expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance
with legal requirements.
Rights of the data subject
Right of confirmation
Each data subject shall have
the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the
controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data
concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to
avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time,
contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the
controller.
Right of access
Each data
subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to
obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal
data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the
European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the
following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients
or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will
be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or
international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged
period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible,
the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of
the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of
personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning
the data subject, or to object to such processing;
the
existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory
authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the
data subject, any available information as to their source;
the
existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to
in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases,
meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the
significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data
subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain
information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third
country or to an international organization. Where this is the case, the
data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate
safeguards relating to the transfer.
If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he
or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another
employee of the controller.
Right to rectification
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European
legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the
rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking
into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have
the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means
of providing a supplementary statement.
If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he
or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another
employee of the controller.
Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
Each data subject shall have the right granted
by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of
personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the
controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without
undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the
processing is not necessary:
The personal data are no longer
necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or
otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to
which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of
the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is
no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject
objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and
there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the
data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the
GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal
obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is
subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to
the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of
the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data
subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by
PANGAEA, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer
or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of
PANGAEA or another employee shall promptly ensure that the erasure
request is complied with immediately.
Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged
pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller,
taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation,
shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform
other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has
requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or
replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not
required. The Data Protection Officer of PANGAEA or another employee
will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.
Right of restriction of processing
Each data subject
shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from
the controller restriction of processing where one of the following
applies:
The accuracy of the personal data is
contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to
verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is
unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data
and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
The
controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the
processing, but they are required by the data subject for the
establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data
subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR
pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the
controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data
subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal
data stored by PANGAEA, he or she may at any time contact our Data
Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data
Protection Officer of PANGAEA or another employee will arrange the
restriction of the processing.
Right to data portability
Each data subject shall have the right granted by
the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or
her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used
and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit
those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller
to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing
is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or
point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to
point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out
by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the
performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the
exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability
pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the
right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to
another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely
affect the rights and freedoms of others.
In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject
may at any time contact the Data Protection Officer designated by
PANGAEA or another employee.
Right to object
Each data subject shall have
the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds
relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing
of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or
(f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on
these provisions.
PANGAEA shall no longer process the personal data in the event of
the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds
for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of
the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal
claims.
In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to
his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal
data concerning him or her by PANGAEA for scientific or historical
research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1)
of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a
task carried out for reasons of public interest.
In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may
directly contact the Data Protection Officer of PANGAEA or another
employee. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the
use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive
2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using
technical specifications.
Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
Each data subject shall
have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a
decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling,
which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly
significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is
necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between
the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorized by
Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which
also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights
and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data
subject's explicit consent.
If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the
performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data
controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent,
PANGAEA shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data
subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the
right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to
express his or her point of view and contest the decision.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning
automated individual decision-making, he or she may at any time directly
contact our Data Protection Officer of PANGAEA or another employee
of the controller.
Right to withdraw data protection consent
Each
data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to
withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at
any time.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the
consent, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection
Officer of PANGAEA or another employee of the controller.
Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR
serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain
consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal
data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data
subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing
operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other
service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same
applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying
out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries
concerning our products or services. Is our institution subject to a legal
obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for
the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1)
lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be
necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of
another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a
visitor were injured in our institution and his name, age, health insurance
data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor,
hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on
Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on
Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing
operations which are not covered by any of the above-mentioned legal
grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate
interests pursued by our institution or by a third party, except where such
interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and
freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data.
Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they
have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He
considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data
subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).
The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third
party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article
6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in
favor of the well-being of all our employees and our funders.
Period for which the personal data will be stored The
criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the
respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period,
the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer
necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a
contract.
Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual
requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation
of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences
of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision
of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can
also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the
contractual partner).
Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data
subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be
processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us
with personal data when our institution signs a contract with him or her.
The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that
the contract with the data subject could not be concluded.
Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject
must contact our Data Protection Officer. Our Data Protection Officer
clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data
is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the
contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data
and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.
Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible
institution, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our legal notice establishing the
use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our
website.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you
may contact us.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy,
we will post those changes on this page. This policy was
last modified on 2019-11-19.
This Privacy Policy has been generated by the Privacy Policy
Generator of the
External Data Protection Officer from DGD Deutsche
Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, which has been developed in
cooperation with Media Law Lawyers
from WBS-LAW. It was adapted afterwards for use by this website.