https://www.fresnochaffeezoo.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to our site navigation
Skip to the main content
The Zoo is temporarily closed to the public as of Sunday, December 6 for a minimum of 3 weeks.
Guests that have purchased tickets or paid for other programs affected by the closure can contact the Zoo at 559-498-5921 or membership@fresnochaffeezoo.org to reschedule or refund their purchase.
General admission tickets remain valid for one year from the date of purchase, so guests can also contact the Zoo to re-schedule their visit upon re-opening. Fresno Chaffee Zoo members will have the option to extend their membership for the length of the closure or donate that time to the Zoo.
Privacy Policy
Introduction
PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE WEBSITE.
The www.fresnochaffeezoo.org website (“Site”) is owned and operated by Fresno’s Chaffee Zoo Corporation (“ZooCorp”). Individuals accessing the Site shall be referred to as “Users.”
ZooCorp is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust with respect to any personal information submitted to the Site. This includes, but is not limited to name, identifying characteristics, e-mail, mailing address, telephone number, credit card number and credit card expiration date (“Personal Information”). Any information collected is used by ZooCorp and its affiliates primarily to contact consumers for marketing and operational purposes. In operating the Site, ZooCorp may include registration, online surveys, and other forms that ask Users to provide Personal Information. ZooCorp created this Privacy Policy to give Users confidence as they visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate its commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. ZooCorp intends to protect the Personal Information submitted to this Site. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that Users may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy.
BY SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO ZOOCORP AND BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE THAT ZOOCORP MAY COLLECT, USE AND DISCLOSE SUCH PERSONAL INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND AS OTHERWISE PERMITTED OR REQUIRED BY LAW.
If you do not agree with these terms, do not provide any Personal Information to ZooCorp. ZooCorp will take reasonable steps to protect the security of the Personal Information you submit to the Site.
Information Automatically Collected by Our Website
Through the Site, ZooCorp automatically collects certain non-personally identifying information, such as computer IP addresses, types of browsers in use, and pages viewed by Users who visit the Site. ZooCorp uses this information to understand how Users navigate through the Site, to enhance User experience while using the Site, and to make the posted materials as valuable as possible to Users. ZooCorp does not link this information to personally identifiable information.
Cookies
A “cookie” is a small data file that a website can place on a computer’s hard drive in order, for example, to collect information about user activities on the accessed website or to make it easier to use certain website functions. Many users do not know that “cookies” are being placed on their computers when they visit websites. If you want to know when this happens, or prevent it from happening, you can set your browser to warn you when a website attempts to place a “cookie” on your computer. ZooCorp uses cookies on this Site to analyze how Users, in the aggregate, access the Site, in order to make our Site as useful as possible. ZooCorp does not use cookies to collect or store personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our Site may request information from Users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary. Users, therefore, have a choice whether or not to disclose any information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address) and demographic information (such as zip code). Contact information will be used or shared with the contest or survey sponsors (if applicable) to notify the winners and award prizes. Anonymous survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of the Fresno Chaffee Zoo and our Site. ZooCorp may use a third party to conduct these surveys or contests. These third parties may not use Users’ personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Use and Sharing of Information
ZooCorp will not share Personal Information with any third parties without the User’s consent, except as necessary to provide the User with information regarding the services offered by ZooCorp, to investigate a potential violation of system security, or to comply with the law. ZooCorp may use Personal Information to verify User identity, qualifications, or to follow up with transactions initiated on the Site. ZooCorp may also use Personal Information to inform Users of any changes to the Site, or to send Users additional information about ZooCorp. Users who share their telephone numbers or e-mail addresses through the Site may receive telephone or e-mail contact from us or from ZooCorp affiliates with information regarding specials, new services, or future events.
To opt out of marketing communications you will need to use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the marketing e-mail or send a request to membership@fresnochaffeezoo.org. Please allow five (5) business days to comply with your request.
Disclosure of Personal Information
ZooCorp may disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) Conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on ZooCorp, its subsidiaries or affiliates; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of ZooCorp, its subsidiaries, affiliates, or the Users of the Site; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of the public or Users of the Site.
Sale of Information
In order to accommodate business changes, ZooCorp may sell or buy portions of the company or other companies’ assets, including the information collected through this Site. If ZooCorp or substantially all of its assets are acquired, User information, including Personal Information, will be one of the assets transferred to the acquirer.
Access to Information
ZooCorp does not maintain any procedures for Users to review or request changes to the information that it collects about them. A User may request that ZooCorp remove all Personal Information about from its database by contacting ZooCorp at the e-mail address, mailing address, or telephone number listed below.
Security
The Site has security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that ZooCorp obtains from Users. However, ZooCorp makes no assurances about its ability to prevent any such loss or misuse to its Users or any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse, or alteration. ZooCorp takes commercially reasonable steps to provide security for Users’ Personal Information once it is received.
Hyper-Links to Other Websites
The Site has links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from ZooCorp’s Privacy Policy. If you allow another website to access and/or store a copy of your Personal Information, that copy will be governed by that website’s privacy policy. If you submit Personal Information to any of those websites, the privacy and security of your Personal Information is subject to their privacy statements. ZooCorp is not responsible for the content, performance, or privacy policies of third-party websites. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any other website you visit.
Public Forums
The Site may include interactive forums such as message boards. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in such areas becomes public information and Users should exercise caution when deciding to disclose their Personal Information.
Notice Concerning Children
PLEASE NOTE: This Site is a general audience website and does not direct any of the content available on the Site at children less than thirteen (13) years of age. ZooCorp is committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children’s privacy online. If ZooCorp learns, or has reason to suspect, that a User is under 13 years of age, ZooCorp will promptly delete any Personal Information in that User’s account.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
ZooCorp reserves the right to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time simply by posting such addition, change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to Users. Any such addition, change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.
It is the responsibility of each User to review the Site and the Privacy Policy periodically to learn of any revisions to this Privacy Policy. A User’s continued use of the Site after such additions, changes, updates, or modifications become effective will constitute that User’s acknowledgment and acceptance of the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you submit Personal Information, ZooCorp will use that Personal Information to respond to your question or request for information. If you have any questions or concerns about: (i) Access to Personal Information; (ii) the collection, use, management or disclosure of Personal Information; (iii) this Privacy Policy; or (iv) entities with whom your Personal Information is shared, or if you need further assistance with respect to our Privacy Policy, you may contact our Customer Service department as indicated below. We will attempt to respond to your questions or concerns promptly.
Fresno’s Chaffee Zoo Corporation
894 West Belmont Avenue
Fresno, California 93728
(559) 498-5913
Hours The Zoo is temporarily closed to the public for a minimum of three weeks as of Sunday, December 6.
Please check back for updates on our re-opening.
Admission $14.95 for adults (12 and up)
$8.95 for children (ages 2-11)
Children 1 and under get in free.
Purchase Tickets »
Memberships Starting at only $69 Enjoy the Zoo year-round!
Become a Member
Support Our Zoo
With your support, the Zoo will continue to offer new and exciting animal habitats, educational adventures, and experiences of a lifetime. Donate Now »
E-Blast Sign-up
Get the latest Zoo info, news, and more!
Sign Up
Skip to our site navigation;
Skip to the main content