https://www.entosupplies.com.au/terms-conditions/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerIntroduction
entoSupplies.com.au is an on-line store offering a select range of quality entomological products and books, open 24 hours a day and 7 days a week for your convenience.
entoSupplies.com.au is owned, operated, and maintained by Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd (ABN 24 001 199 024) a registered Australian company.
To ensure a safe, pleasurable visit, the following Terms & Conditions outline the terms and conditions of use applicable to www.entosupplies.com.au.
Definitions
For the purpose of this document and other policy documents and statements available on www.entosupplies.com.au, the definitions listed below apply, unless otherwise indicated:
‘Website’ : refers to www.entosupplies.com.au and all pages associated with that URL or domain;
‘Agreement’ : the set of terms and conditions of use listed here within this document, as well as any other terms and conditions, policies or statements listed on the Website;
‘Content’ : all materials, including the text, site design, logos, graphics, images, photographs, typefaces and other materials, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement of such;
‘Services’ : all actions we take to assist you in purchasing from the Website, including the provision of incidental information or advice;
‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’ : Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd, and associated directors, officers, employees, agents and associated third parties;
‘you’, ‘your’ : any persons accessing, connecting to, or purchasing through the Website, or making use of our Content or Services;
‘affiliate’ : a registered member who has agreed to abide by the terms of our Affiliate Policy. We do not recognise affiliates as representing us in the provision of Content or Services.
Copyright
All Content contained on the Website is protected by copyright. Copyright 1999-2011 Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Any and all Content on the Website that is viewed, copied, printed or distributed, must be used solely for the purpose of shopping for, or ordering, the products offered. Content may only be used for personal, non-commercial purposes and must not be modified in any way. We reserve the right to revoke such authorisation at our discretion.
This website may feature Content obtained for use under licence. No such material may be re-used without the original copyright owner’s permission. Any unauthorised use of the Content may violate copyright, intellectual property, and other applicable laws and could result in criminal penalties and/or civil damages.
General Terms & Conditions of Use
By accessing the Website, you agree to the terms and conditions as detailed in the Agreement. Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd reserves the right to change the Agreement at any time without notification or consent. You also may be subject to terms and conditions of use that apply when your use affiliate services, third party software, or third party content.
Our failure to exercise or enforce any of our rights or provisions in the Agreement shall not be taken as a waiver of such rights. If any provision in the Agreement is found by a court of relevant jurisdiction to be invalid, you agree that that court should endeavour to give effect to the intentions of both parties as reflected in the Agreement, and all other provisions in the agreement shall remain in effect.
The Agreement is effective even if terminated by either party. We reserve the right to suspend or deny your access to the Website at our sole discretion. You agree that we may terminate your access to the Website without prior notice to you, and you agree that we will not be held liable to you or any third parties for any termination of access to the Website. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your registration and password and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your registration.
Disclaimer
The Website, and any associated Content and Services, provided via any electronic or other communication, is intended for general informational purposes only. Any information provided should not be relied upon as a source of legal, medical, veterinary, or other advice. It is advised that you consult with an appropriate, independent advisor before acting on any information contained within this site. Products available from the Website should only be used after direct consultation with your primary care veterinarian and under their direct supervision.
By using this site you agree that you do so at your own risk. In no event will Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd, its directors, officers, agents, or associated parties warrant the accessibility or accuracy of the Website, or accompanying Content or Services. You agree to indemnify us from any claim or demand, including reasonable legal fees, made by you or any third party in relation to or arising out of the Content or Services available through the Website, the information you submit, post or transmit to the Website, your use of the Website, your violation of the Agreement, or violation of the rights of a third party.
Privacy Policy
Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd is committed to maintaining the privacy and security of your personal information. For full details of our commitment, please refer to our Privacy Policy
Order Policy & Conditions
Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd reserves the right at any time after the receipt of your order to accept, decline, or vary your order for any reason, regardless of whether or not payment for that order has been received, and without prior notice to you. The receipt of an order confirmation or other notification by you does not necessarily constitute acceptance of your order. Furthermore, we may require additional identification or information before accepting your order.
If a typographical or other error leads to a product being offered at an incorrect price, Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd reserves the right to decline any orders for that product.
If a payment has already been received for an order that is subsequently varied or declined, Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd will immediately issue a refund in the amount of the correction. Additional amounts in excess of what you have authorised to be debited will not be charged to your account without your express consent.
In the event that you receive faulty or incorrect product, Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd will make all reasonable efforts to rectify the situation to your satisfaction.
Payment Policy & Conditions
If your order is to be sent outside Australia, then the prices excluding GST are applicable. If your order is to be delivered within Australia, then the prices including GST are applicable.
All orders are to be paid in Australian currency (AUD).
Unless otherwise indicated or arranged, products on this Website are listed and invoiced in Australian Dollars (AUD). Prices shown on this website in currencies other than Australian Dollars ie. United States Dollars (USD) are provided for your convenience and are to be used as estimates only. They are calculated using an approximate of the rate of exchange at the time. Furthermore, prices shown (in all currencies) are subject to change without notice.
In the case that your native currency is not AUD, you should contact your credit card provider to calculate the exact figure to be charged to your account. Additional bank and other charges associated with any payment to/from us are the responsibility of the customer.
A payment is only recognised as ‘received’ when the full amount has been cleared and fully credited to our account. For electronic funds transfers, bank deposits, and cheques please allow an appropriate period for clearance. All payments must be denominated in AUD, and in the case of cheques, drawn on an Australian bank.
By placing an order through the Website you agree to allow us to submit limited information to our Internet payment gateways i.e. ANZ eGate and PayPal for the purpose of completing payment. You agree to adhere to all terms and conditions of use required by PayPal. For more information, please visit www.paypal.com.
Shipping, Customs & Insurance
Australian Entomological Supplies Ltd ships the majority of orders within seven (7) business days of receiving cleared payment.
The majority of orders are shipped via Australia Post (www.auspost.com.au), although we reserve the right to use other delivery methods as deemed appropriate. Delivery guidelines for orders are provided on our site in our Help Desk.
Shipping charges are calculated based on total value, weight and delivery method, and may include insurance. Shipping charges are detailed within our Help Desk, and are displayed at ‘Checkout’ before completion. Insurance and tracking information is the property of Australian Entomological Supplies Pt Ltd, and will be provided at our discretion.
Replacement items will only be forwarded to the original address, and insurance claims will not be accepted if the original address information was in error. In the event that your order arrives after an insurance claim has been paid, amounts equal to the original order price less shipping charges will become payable by you. Insurance claims may not be accepted where an incorrect shipping address has been provided to us, or we are not notified of the issue within 60 days from the order date.
In the case of international orders (orders shipped outside of Australia), please note that any additional import or customs duties and restrictions incurred are the sole responsibility of the customer. Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd’s prices do not include duties and taxes in this instance.
Orders shipped outside of Australia may be subject to import charges (including duties, taxes, surcharges, and fines) levied by the government of destination country. Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd cannot predict or control these charges. All import charges are borne by the buyer or recipient.
If you are concerned about the possibility of any additional charges, please check with your local authority before placing an order. Orders will be sent with correct customs documentation attached.
When ordering from Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd, the recipient of the shipment is considered an importer and must comply with all laws and regulations of the importing country. Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd assumes no responsibility for Customs-related obstacles.
Return & Refund Policy
Please choose your items carefully as we do not accept refunds or exchanges. All items are non-returnable unless defective.
Defective Items
Defective items must be returned to Australian Entomological Supplies within (14) fourteen days of the purchase date to be eligible for replacement. Items will be replaced with the same item originally purchased. For items that cannot be replaced, a full refund will be offered. Replacement product/s will only be shipped after the faulty item has been received by Australian Entomological Supplies. Approval must be obtained from Australian Entomological Supplies before returning the item.
Refunds
To arrange for the return of purchased items you must contact us to obtain a Return Merchandise Authorisation (RMA) as well as our return shipping address. An RMA will only be issued within 14 days of the item being received by you. No responsibility will be taken for items returned without a RMA.
Except in those instances in which we originally shipped damaged or incorrect product, you will be required to pay all shipping costs incurred in returning items. In the case of damaged products, a replacement will be sent at our expense or a proportionate refund issued as per your instructions. We require that all returned items be tracked and insured to prevent loss and sent by airmail or an equivalent service.
Refunds will be provided in the same currency as original billed i.e. AUD. In the event that your native currency is not AUD, you will not hold us liable for any differences in the refund amount to that originally charged due to foreign exchange movements.
Governing Law & Jurisdiction
Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd is domiciled in the state of New South Wales, Commonwealth of Australia. By using this website, you agree that all matters relating to this use will be governed by, and under the jurisdiction of, the statues and laws of the state of New South Wales, Commonwealth of Australia. As such, you agree that a court located in Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Commonwealth of Australia, will deal solely with any action relating to Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd, including that arising from the Content or Services provided through the Website. Any reference to legislation on the Website refers to relevant federal or state laws and statues within the Commonwealth of Australia.
By using the Website you confirm that it is legal within your own jurisdiction to view any Content contained on the Website. Furthermore, you confirm that you have accessed this site on your own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with any laws or statutes applicable to you, including those involving the importation of entomological equipment, books and chemicals.
Other Terms & Conditions
The Website contains links to third party websites that are not under the control of Australian Entomological Supplies Pty Ltd. We made no warranties or guarantees with respect to the content or services provided by these third party websites.
Links by third parties to the Website are only permitted for approved affiliates. We give no warranties or guarantees with respect to the actions or conduct of our affiliates or other third parties, who are not to be seen as acting on our behalf. You agree to indemnify us from any claim or demand, including reasonable legal fees, made by you or any third party arising out of the actions of an affiliate.
If you have any questions regarding the Agreement, please
This policy was last updated on 2nd November, 2011
FooterMenu
Blog
About Us
FAQ
My Account
Request Quote
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Unit 3, 173 Lundberg Drive
South Murwillumbah
NSW 2484
Australia
+61 (02) 6684 7650
sales@entosupplies.com.au
FacebookTwitter
Find us
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.