https://www.pointwise.com/legal/privacy.html
Products
Solutions
Events
Sales
Support
About
Blog
Your Privacy at Pointwise
We do not collect personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us and we collect,
process and use personal information only for performing the relevant service selected by you. That
information may be gathered when you come onto our website, speak with us on the telephone, send us a
fax, contact us by email, or communicate with us orally.
The personal information that may be gathered includes your name, fax, telephone number, street address
and e-mail address. You may also be asked for further information about yourself such as your job
category and your industry type, your company name and job title, and the number of people in your
company.
When you purchase products we may collect your credit card number, its expiration date and similar
payment information. For your protection, we hold your information on our specialized systems for use by
our personnel who assist you in your purchase. We provide your credit card information to the credit
card processing company to charge you for your purchases. Order fulfillment is performed by us, not an
external organization.
We will use best efforts to not transfer information that personally identifies you to anyone else
without your knowledge and approval at the time it is collected from you. If you are located in a
territory served by one of our distributors, we will share your information with them so they may
follow-up with you directly. You will also have the opportunity then to indicate whether you wish to
decline to receive promotional or marketing material about other products and services of our company or
others. Please note, however, that we do intend to contact you about matters that affect your on-going
use of our products and relationship with our company.
Upon your request, we will assist you to review, to delete or to correct or update your personal
information that you have previously provided. If at any time you believe that we have not adhered to
our policy with respect to protecting your privacy, or if you have questions regarding the collecting
and/or use of your personal information or regarding our privacy policy, please contact us. We will use
all commercially reasonable efforts to promptly address your concern.
To unsubscribe from our mailing list, send an email to unsubscribe@pointwise.com
with Unsubscribe in the subject line.
For all other inquiries and requests regarding your privacy, send an email to privacy@pointwise.com with Privacy in the subject line.
More About Pointwise
News
Events
Sales Offices
Contact Us
Visit Us
Our Century-Old Building
Open Positions
Staff
Partners