http://www.singstat.gov.sg/terms-of-use
Skip to main
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Thank you for visiting SINGSTAT.GOV.SG (this Website). By accessing and using any part of this Website, you are deemed to have accepted to be legally bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use this Website.
General
These Terms of Use may be changed from time to time without notice. Your use of this Website after such changes have been posted shall constitute your agreement to be bound by the modified Terms of Use and all of the changes.  Please check the
Terms of Use whenever you access or download any content from this Website for use.
Proprietary Rights
This Website is owned and operated as its official website by the Department of Statistics (DOS), a department of the Ministry of Trade and Industry in the Government of Singapore. This Website includes content provided by the Government and the statutory
boards.
This website may present and display embedded content which is hosted on external websites (Embedded Content).
The materials and application system located on this Website, including the statistical data (“Datasets”), reports, charts, graphs, information, documentation, Embedded Content as well as SingStat Table Builder (collectively, the Contents),
are protected by copyright, trademark and other forms of proprietary rights. All rights, title and interest in the Contents are owned by, licensed to or controlled by the Government of Singapore and the statutory boards.
In these Terms of Use, the words “we”, “our” and “us” refer to the Government of Singapore and the statutory boards.
Privacy Policy
Click here to review this Website's
Privacy Statement.
Conditions of Use
Subject to these Terms of Use, we grant you free, worldwide, perpetual and non-exclusive use of the Contents made available on this Website for the purpose of (a) copying, distribution or transmission of the Contents and (b) using the Contents to
develop or derive, for sale or otherwise, any products and services or to resell the Contents in any form to any Third Party, provided that you:
credit the source of the Contents;
use the Contents in a way that is legal and in accordance with all applicable laws;
ensure that no analysis or transformation of the Contents may be presented in a manner which suggests or is likely to lead to the belief that the analysis or transformation of the  Contents is attributed to us;
cease to use the Contents and remove them from your applications or websites upon our request in the event that the Contents are no longer provided on this Website or of a breach  of any of these Terms of Use;
ensure the datasets and data in the Contents are accurately reproduced; and
do not use the Contents in a way that suggests we are associated to you or we endorse you or your use of the Contents.
Use of Datasets provided in this Website is subject to the terms of the Singapore Open Data Licence (“ODL”). In the event that there is any inconsistency between the terms of the ODL and these Terms of Use, the terms of the ODL shall prevail.
You may grant a sub-licence of the Contents if this is necessary to enable users of your application or website (“your Sub-Licensees”) to use your application or access your website. If your Sub-Licensees require additional rights, you
must provide information in your application or website directing your Sub-Licensees to obtain the appropriate licence from DOS.
The Embedded Content is hosted on other external websites and may be subject to their own terms of use. If you access Embedded Content from this Website, you must also refer to and comply with the terms and policies of these other websites.
Changes to this Website
DOS may update this Website from time to time, and may change the Contents at any time. However, please note that any of the Contents on this Website may not be up to date at any given time, and DOS is under no obligation to update it.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability
The Contents are provided on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis without warranties of any kind. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not represent, guarantee or warrant:
the accuracy, correctness, completeness, reliability, timeliness, non-infringement, title, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose of the Contents; and
the Contents available through this Website or any associated functions will always be available or uninterrupted or error-free, or that defects will be corrected or that this Website and the server is and will be free of all viruses and other
harmful elements.
DOS does not guarantee that this Website will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access this Website. You should use your own virus
protection software. DOS shall not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary
material due to your use of this Website or to your downloading of any Content on it, or on any website linked to it.
Nothing in these Terms of Use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by Singapore law.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to this Website or any content on it, whether express or implied.
We shall also not be liable for any damage or loss of any kind, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with the use of, or
inability to use, the Website or use of or reliance on the Contents contained in or available from the Website.
DOS may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of this Website without notice. DOS shall not be liable to you if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. DOS reserves the right to modify, alter and
withdraw the Contents at any time for any reason whatsoever.
Indemnity
You agree to fully indemnify us at all times against all liabilities, losses, charges, damages, costs (including legal costs) and expenses which we may sustain or incur, directly or indirectly as a result of your use of the Contents, fraud, negligence,
misconduct or breach of the Terms of Use or as a result of any claim made by a Third Party in connection with the reproduction of Contents.
Access
DOS reserves all rights to deny or restrict access to this Website to any particular person, or to block access from a particular Internet address to this Website, at any time, without ascribing any reasons whatsoever.
You must not misuse this Website by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to this Website, the server on which this
Website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to this Website. You must not attack this Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack. Breach of this provision may constitute a criminal offence
under the Computer Misuse Act. DOS will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and DOS will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing any information to them, including that which may lead to disclosure of your
identity.
Links from this Website to other websites
This Website contains hyperlinks to websites which are not maintained by DOS and these websites may be governed by their own terms of use. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by DOS of those linked websites and DOS does not assume
any responsibility for the contents of those websites and shall not be liable for any damages or loss arising from access to or use of those websites.
Links to this Website from other websites
You must make a specific request for, and secure permission from DOS prior to hyperlinking to the Homepage or a subsidiary page of this Website or Contents, or framing of any page of this Website, or inline linking of any of the Contents, or engaging
in similar activities. DOS reserves the right to impose conditions when permitting any such hyperlinking or framing of this Website or any of the Contents.
Your linking to, or your framing of this Website or any of the Contents constitute use of this Website and continuing acceptance of the prevailing Terms of Use. If you do not accept the prevailing Terms of Use at any time, you must discontinue linking
to, or framing of this Website or any of the Contents.
DOS reserves all rights to disable any links to, or frames of any website containing inappropriate, profane, defamatory, obscene or indecent material or information, or material or information that infringes or violates any written law, any intellectual
property, proprietary, privacy or publicity rights.
DOS reserves the right to disable any unauthorised links or frames.
Breach
If you use the Website and its Contents in breach of these Terms of Use, your right to use this Website shall cease immediately. The Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability and Indemnity sections, and any other provision of these Terms of Use which
is required to give effect to the cessation of your right to use this Website or the consequences of such cessation, shall survive the cessation of your right to use this Website.
Governing Law
These Terms of Use shall be governed and construed in accordance with laws of the Republic of Singapore.
Back toTop
Ask Jamie @ SingStat
Share