https://www.labconco.com/terms-and-conditions/terms-of-use
About Labconco
How We Give Back
Our Green Initiatives
Our Story
Our Values
Our Promise
Our Portfolio
Career Opportunities
Working at Labconco
Apply Online
GSA Purchasing
GSA Contracts
en
About Labconco
Careers
Contact Us
CartItems to Purchase: 0Items for Quote: 0LoginRegister
Products
Resources
Sales & Support
News & Events
Services
Ventilation Products
Fume Hoods & Enclosures
Ductless (Carbon-Filtered) Enclosures
Biological Safety Cabinets & Enclosures
Clean Benches
PCR Enclosures
Balance, Bulk Powder & Equipment Enclosures
Nanotechnology Enclosures
Laboratory Animal Research Stations
Non-ventilated Enclosures
Remote Blowers & Exhausters
Products
Freeze Dryers
Forensic Enclosures
Dry Evaporators, Concentrators & Cold Traps
Glove Boxes & Gas Purifiers
Kjeldahl, Fat & Crude Fiber Apparatus
Glassware Washers
Water Purification Systems
Other Products
Warehouse Sale
Accessories
Base Stands, Cabinets & Work Surfaces
Laboratory Carts, Tables & Benches
Vacuum Pumps
Filters & Pre-Filters
Parts & Accessories
Product Selection Tools
Freeze Dryer Configurator
Fume Hood Configurator
Glassware Washer Selection Tools
Scout Equipment Selector
Product Services
Product Registration
Custom Designs
GSA
Literature
Brochures
User's Manuals
En Español
White Papers
Technical Resources
3-Part Specs
Application Notes
CAD Drawings
Declarations of Conformity
IQ/OQ
Safety Data Sheets
Software & Apps
Technical Manuals
Media
Articles
Infographics
Videos
Sales
US & Canada Sales
International Sales
GSA Contracts
Support
US & Canada Customer Service
International Customer Service
International Support
Product Service
Application Specialists
Distributors
Global
US & Canada
US - Construction/Renovation Projects
Project Support
Project Management
News
Blog
Promotions
Press Releases
Product Announcements
Events
Trade Shows
Webinars
Seminars & Workshops
Services
Architectural Resource Binder
Chemical Assessment Report
Chemical Reference Guide for Ductless Hoods
Filter Replacement Reminder
Water Profile Test Kit
48-Hour XPress
Product Registration
Product Registration Form
Search
menu
LoginRegister Products
Resources
Sales & Support
News
Events
Services
About Labconco
Contact Us
Search
HomeTerms and ConditionsCurrent: Terms of Use
Company
Standards and Certifications
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Online PurchasesPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseTrademarksWarranty
Terms of Use
Labconco Corporation ("Labconco") controls and operates www.labconco.com (the "Site") and other affiliated company-owned web sites, from the company's headquarters in Kansas City, Missouri. Please read the following terms and conditions carefully. By using the pages in this Site, you agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree, you should not use this Site. Because the Web is an evolving medium, we may need to change these Terms of Use or impose new conditions on the use of the Site or our company-owned affiliated sites, from time to time, in which case we will post the revised Terms of Use on the web site. Please check the Terms of Use Policy periodically to inform yourself of any changes. By continuing to use Labconco operated web sites, you accept the Terms of Use, as modified.
Applicable Law
By visiting Labconco.com, you agree that the laws of the state of Missouri, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Labconco or its affiliates.
Copyright and Trademarks
The Site contains material which is protected by United States and international copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. "Labconco" is a registered trademark of Labconco Corporation. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way our, or any third party's, material from the Site including code and software underlying the Site. You may download material from our sites for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices and obtain the express written consent of Labconco. Other products and company names mentioned on the web sites may be trademarks of their respective owners. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Labconco. View our registered trademarks.
Warranty
Labconco provides a warranty on all parts and factory workmanship. View warranty details.
Restriction of Liability
ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. PLEASE NOTE THAT SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. CHECK YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR RESTRICTIONS OR LIMITATIONS REGARDING THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES.
Labconco shall not be responsible for any loss, damage, liability or expense that may accompany or result from use of the link, domain name or graphic banner(s), including but not limited to any computer virus; technical, hardware or software failures of any kind; lost or unavailable network connections; or failed, incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmissions. The granting of this permission does not indicate nor should it be construed in any way to represent an endorsement by Labconco of any materials on a web site containing our domain name or graphic banner(s) or any other intellectual property.
Labconco in no way implies that the domain name or graphic banner(s) are appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. If you use materials from locations outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Labconco, its subsidiaries and affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, Labconco materials, products or services, third party materials, products, or services made available through Labconco, or any part of the Labconco service. You specifically acknowledge and agree that Labconco is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user. If you are dissatisfied with any Labconco materials, products, or services, or with any of Labconco's terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Labconco service. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Labconco from and against any and all third party claims, demand, liabilities, costs or expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees arising from or related to any breach by you of these Terms of Use or applicable law, including those regarding intellectual property.
License to Site
By posting messages, uploading files, or otherwise providing any material to us for display on the Site(s), you are granting Labconco a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to:
Use, copy, sub license, adapt, transmit, publicly perform or display any such communication.
Sub license to third parties the unrestricted right to exercise any of the foregoing rights granted with respect to the communication.
The foregoing grants shall include the right to exploit any property rights in such material, including but not limited to rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Linking Policy
Labconco grants a non-exclusive, limited license (the "License") to the owners of any web sites who place a text link containing our domain name or a link containing the graphic banner(s) on their sites ("Owners") to display our trademark(s) contained in our domain name and the graphic banner(s) to develop a link between their sites and http://www.labconco.com. Links to http://www.labconco.com other than a text link containing the graphic banner(s) below areforbidden. The materials on the Site shall not imply any association with or relation to Labconco or imply in any way that any materials from http://www.labconco.com are maintained within the Site.
No changes or modifications to the domain name or graphic banner(s) may be made. Use of the domain name or graphic banner(s) for purposes other than linking to http://www.labconco.com is expressly forbidden. The domain name and graphic banner(s) must not be used or associated with any obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, indecent, profane, defamatory or unlawful site or materials in any way, or in any manner that would adversely affect the name, reputation and goodwill of Labconco and its products. Labconco retains and reserves all rights in and to Labconco's trade names, trademarks and logos, copyrights and all other intellectual property with respect to the domain name and graphic banner(s). Labconco reserves the right to cancel the permission at any time and for any reason. Upon receipt of such notification, use of the domain name and graphic banner(s) must cease and the link between the web sites must terminate. Use of any other trademarks, trade names, graphic banners, copyrighted material or any other intellectual property of Labconco for any purpose is expressly forbidden.
Labconco may at any time revise this Linking Policy. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then-current Linking Policy to which you are bound.
Links to Third Party Sites
The Site contains links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy, or opinions expressed in such web sites, and such web sites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Inclusion of any linked web site on our Site does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked web site by use. If you decide to leave our Site and access these third-party sites, you do so at your own risk. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of third parties. Once you link to a different web site the privacy policy stated herein is no longer in effect. Labconco.com contains links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy, or opinions expressed in such web sites, and such web sites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Inclusion of any linked web site on our Site does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked web site by use. If you decide to leave our Site and access these third-party sites, you do so at your own risk.
Registration
To use certain features of the Site, you may be required to register with Labconco on the form provided. You agree (a) to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Site's registration form, and (b) to maintain and promptly update the information you provide to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If Labconco has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Labconco has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current and future use of the Site (or any portion thereof). Our use of any personally identifying information you provide to us as part of the registration process is governed by the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Termination
Labconco may cancel, suspend or terminate your right to use the Site or any part of the Site at any time without notice. In the event of suspension or termination, you are no longer authorized to access the part of the Site affected by such cancellation, suspension or termination. The restrictions imposed on you with respect to material downloaded from the Site, and the disclaimers and limitations of liabilities set forth in these Terms of Use, shall survive.
Other
This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Labconco and you with respect to the subject matter contained in this agreement and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals and communications, written or oral.
Access to Collected Information
For questions related to updating or changing your account information, please send e-mail to labconco@labconco.com or call customer service at 800-821-5525 or 816-333-8811.
Get newsletters on lab safety, design and exclusive offers.
Please use a valid email address to subscribe.
Please check the recaptcha box.
Thank you for subscribing. Use the "Manage Subscriptions" link at the bottom of our emails to select options.
Products
Product Selection Tools
Resources
Sales & Support
Distributors
About
Career Opportunities
News
Events
Services
Contact
Feedback
Sitemap
California Prop 65
Terms of Online PurchasesPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseTrademarksWarranty
Labconco Corporation
8811 Prospect AvenueKansas City, MO 64132-2696(816) 333-8811 phone(816) 363-0130 fax(800) 821-5525 toll-free
© Labconco, 2020 - All rights reserved | Site by Ebeacon | Powered by CMC3