https://www.qsa-consulting.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement provides information about how and why Quality Systems Associates collects information about you via this website and the ways in which Quality Systems Associates uses that personal information.
Personal information collection
Quality Systems Associates may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information you provide through the website (like a contact form)
information about your use of this website
information about transactions carried out over this website or our web store site
any other information that you send to Quality Systems Associates
Using personal information
Quality Systems Associates may use your personal information to:
administer this website
enable you to access and use the website services
supply services or send you products that you purchased/requested
send to you any documents including statements and invoices
collect payments from you
send you communications (like emails or mailings)
Where Quality Systems Associates discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
Quality Systems Associates will disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
Quality Systems Associates will to the best of our ability safely store all the personal information you provide.
Quality Systems Associates will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Privacy Statement Updates
Quality Systems Associates will occassionally update this privacy policy.  Quality Systems Associates will post a new version on this website when our privacy policies change.  Please check this page occasionally so you are awar of any changes..
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites and Quality Systems Associates is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact Quality Systems Associates
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, Quality Systems Associates’s treatment of your personal information, or anything else, please use our contact form to obtain additional information.
Call Now
Contact Us