http://www.aslpro.com/termsConditions.html
Video Dictionaries
More ASL Learning Tools
QuizMe! Products
ASLPro.com-Our
Store
American
Sign Language Video Dictionaries and Quizzes
Terms of Use Agreement
Welcome to our Web site. By using our site, you are agreeing to comply with
and be bound by the following terms of use. Please review the following
terms carefully. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not use
this site. The term  "ASL Pro" or "ASLPro.com"
or "us" or "we" or "our" refers to
New Events Group, Inc., the owner of the Web site(s). The term "you" refers to
the user or viewer of our Web Site(s).
Acceptance of Agreement
You agree to the terms and conditions outlined in this Terms of Use
Agreement ("Agreement") with respect to our site(s) (the "Site"). This
Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between us and you,
and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations,
warranties and understandings with respect to the Site, the content,
products or services provided by or through the Site, and the subject
matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended at any time by us
without specific notice to you. The latest Agreement will be posted on
the Site, and you should review this Agreement prior to using the Site.
Copyright
The content, organization, graphics, design, compilation, magnetic
translation, digital conversion and other matters related to the Site are
protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary
(including but not limited to intellectual property) rights. The copying,
redistribution, use or publication by you of any such matters or any part
of the Site is strictly prohibited. You do not acquire ownership rights
to any content, document or other materials viewed through the Site. The
posting of information or materials on the Site does not constitute a
waiver of any right in such information and materials.
Restrictions and Prohibitions on Use
Your license for access and use of the Site and any information,
materials or documents (collectively defined as "Content and Materials")
therein are subject to the following restrictions and prohibitions on
use: You may not (a) copy, republish, display, distribute, transmit, sell,
rent, lease, loan or otherwise make available in any form or by any means
all or any portion of the Site or any Content and Materials retrieved
therefrom; (b) use the Site or any materials obtained from the Site to
develop, or as a component of, any information, storage and retrieval
system, database, information base, or similar resource (in any media now
existing or hereafter developed), that is offered for free or for commercial
distribution of any kind, including through sale, license, lease, rental,
subscription, or any other free or commercial distribution mechanism.
Accuracy Disclaimer
Please keep in mind that ASLPro.com should not be used as a stand
alone tool to learn American Sign Language. ASLPro.com is
designed for use by classroom teachers as a facilitating
resource under qualified teacher supervision.
We do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, quality, completeness,
currency, or validity of any information on the web site or linked from
the web site. All information contained on this web site has been obtained
from sources believed by Us to be accurate and reliable. Due to the
possibility of human and mechanical error, we are not responsible for any
errors or omissions.
Although every precaution has been taken in the preparation of these
programs, the publisher and author assume no responsibility for errors or
omissions. Neither is any liability assumed for damages resulting from
the use of the information contained herein.
These programs are presented as is, without warranty of any kind, either
express or implied, respecting the contents of the programs, including
but not limited to implied warranties for the programs' quality,
performance, merchantability, or fitness for any particular purpose.
Neither New Events Group, Inc. nor its dealers or distributors
shall be liable to the user or any other person or entity with respect to
any liability, loss, or damage caused or alleged to have been caused
directly or indirectly by these programs.
And please remember that learning a set of ASL signs does not make you an
interpreter. ASL should be learned under the tutelage
of a competent teacher/instructor. You and you alone, will be responsible
(financially
or otherwise) for the use of signs that you learn from this site or
any other.
Site Availability
This web site may be unavailable from time to time due to mechanical, telecommunication,
software, hardware and third-party vendor failures, updating or construction. We cannot
predict or control when such downtime may occur and cannot control the duration of or be
held liable for any damages resulting from such downtime.
We reserve the right to alter
or delete material from this web site at any time.
Site Maintenance
From time to time, it is necessary for us to make site
modifications. This might include replacing a sign with
another model or deleting the sign altogether.
We reserve the right to make site modifications, without
notice, at any
time.
Account Creation - Email Addresses
At the time of creating an account, you are asked for at least
one valid email address for contact purposes. This is an
"opt-in" to our email broadcast service. We
periodically send out emails with information about new
services, site activities that might affect your account,
products supplied through ASLPro.com, or other information that
we deem important to our users.  Please be sure to add us
to your email "accepted" list so that our emails will
not be caught in your spam filter.
Privacy Policy
ASL Pro is concerned about your right to privacy. When you visit the ASL Pro web site, you can be assured that any information you provide to us will be handled carefully. We will never sell or rent your information to any third party.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser. We utilize cookies to track the effectiveness of online advertising. The information contained in the cookies contains no individually identifiable data, will be treated as confidential information of ASLpro.com, and will only be used to make informed decisions regarding the performance of online advertising initiatives. In short, these efforts help ASLpro.com to provide high-quality educational tools for free to you, our Customers.
Linking to the Site
You may provide links to the Site  PAGES ONLY, provided (a) that you do not remove
or obscure, by framing or otherwise, advertisements, the copyright notice,
or other notices on the Site. Direct linking to our individual
files is prohibited, (b) you do not, by any means, embed
our site within your site in such a way that our site cannot be
viewed in its own window. (c) your site does not engage in illegal or
pornographic activities, and (d) you discontinue providing links to the
Site immediately upon request by us.
You may not embed our web
site in any other site, under any circumstances, including but not
limited to linking to individual files within the web site.
Advertisers
The Site may contain advertising and sponsorships. Advertisers and
sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for
inclusion on the Site is accurate and complies with applicable laws.
Some offers are linked to ads purchased by companies that want to
advertise next to relevant content, based on a set of keywords
they specify. Such offers are administered, sorted and maintained
by Google Adsense.
ASLPro.com does not endorse any of the advertising offers.
You should evaluate all such offers for yourself and investigate
fully all claims made by the web sites presented, before entering
into any personal or financial transactions. Neither ASLPro.com
nor any of its affiliates shall have any liability arising from
your purchase of third party products or services based upon the
information provided on the ASLPro.com site.
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Site,
including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations
associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser. You agree that ASLPro.com shall not be
responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the
presence of such advertisers on the Site.
About Us
FAQ
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Links
Terms and Conditions