https://www.lakelandcollege.edu/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
COVID-19 Student Resources
COVID-19 Campus Visit Screening Form
COVID-19 Staff Resources
Enroll
Call Campus
Hub
CANVAS
Enroll
Employee Directory
Schedules
Alumni
Offices & Services
Laker Calendar
Maps
Laker HUB Login
CANVAS Login
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Give
Search for:
About Us
Lake Land CollegeAccreditation
Assessment
Board of Trustees
Employment Opportunities
Foundation
Institutional Research
Mission, Vision, & Values
Office of the President
ResourcesFreedom of Information Act (FOIA)
Living Archive
Media Room
Sustainability
About Us LinksCalendar
Employee Directory
ISS Virtual Help Desk
Maps
Strategic Plan
Student Success Stories
About Us
Academics
AcademicsAcademic Areas of Study
Academic Majors, Degrees & Certificates
Adult Education
Center for Business & Industry
Community Education
Dual Credit
High Demand Programs
IDOT Training Program
Traffic Safety Program
Truck Driver Training
Academics LinksImportant Dates
Academic Division Information
Counseling
Course Descriptions
Graduation Information
Online Learning
Schedules
Pass/Withdrawal Grade OptionResourcesAcademic Standards & Policies
Catalog
Final Exam Schedule
General Education
Guided Pathways to Success
Honors Experience
Library
Perkins Program
TRiO Student Support Services
Tutoring & Testing Center
Admissions
AdmissionsAdmissions & Records
Counseling
Enroll
Getting Started
International Studies Program
Special Admission Programs
Admissions LinksNew Student Orientation
Parents & Families
Request a Transcript
Visit Campus
ResourcesCLEP Testing
FAQs
Placement Testing
Student Accommodations
Student IDs
Textbook Rental
Click Here for Info
LogoPaying For College
Paying for CollegeFinancial Aid
Nelnet Payment Plan
Scholarships
Tuition & Fees
ResourcesFinancial Aid Info For Parents
Student Employment
Veterans
Financial AidPaying for College LinksImportant Dates
Net Price Calculator
Refunds
Student Life
Student LifeActivities & Student Clubs
Fitness Center
Honors Experience
Housing
Inclusion and Diversity
Intramurals
Volunteer
Student LifeResourcesLaker Nest Bookstore
Campus Transportation
Career Services
Counseling
Health Services
Police Department
Student Accommodations
Student Life LinksCalendar
Class Notifications
Student Life
TRiO Student Support Services
WLKL Radio & TV Broadcasting
Athletics
Athletic TeamsAthletics
Baseball
Cheerleading
Men’s Basketball
Softball
Volleyball
Women’s Basketball
AthleticsAthletics LinksFacilities
Intramurals
Laker Athletic News
Listen Live – WLKL
Watch Live
Campus Maps
Lake Land Lakers
Resources
Accreditation
Assessment
Board of Trustees
Employment Opportunities
Foundation
Institutional Research
Mission, Vision, & Values
Office of the President
Contact Us
Greg Nuxoll
217-234-5224 or email us
Board and Administration Center
Privacy Policy
Who are we?
We are a community college located in Mattoon, Illinois. Our website address is: https://www.lakelandcollege.edu.
Lake Land College
5001 Lake Land Blvd.
Mattoon, IL 61938
Commitment to protecting privacy and transparency
Lake Land College, by and through its academic, research, and administrative units, is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy rights of any. This Privacy Policy describes Lake Land College’s commitment to the privacy of persons.
Does this notice apply to me?
This notice applies to you if:
You are a “Person” or “Data Subject” meaning a natural person, not a corporation, partnership, or other legal entity.
It is with respect to your “Personal Information” meaning any information relating to an identified or identifiable person.
Please note that information pertaining to current, former, or prospective employment with Lake Land College is not considered “Personal Information” and is excluded from this Privacy Policy.
What Personal Information does Lake Land College process?
General categories
Lake Land College processes the following general categories of Personal Information: names; addresses; telephone numbers; email addresses; identification numbers including but not required or limited to social security numbers, driver’s license numbers, student identification numbers, and personal identification numbers (PINs); usernames, passwords, demographic information, education history and transcripts, entrance exam scores, background check information, personal references, financial information including but not limited to credit and debit card numbers, tax information, and financial aid information; transaction history; business information; passport and visa information; work history; medical history; donation history; insurance information; military service; IP addresses; location information; device information; metadata; education records including but not limited to coursework, correspondence, evaluations, disciplinary complaints, and other records, and files maintained by Lake Land College as part of the educational process; any requests for accommodations or leave; and other information to support the purposes set forth in Table 1, below.
Lake Land College requires Personal Information only when necessary. Table 1 identifies the purposes for which Lake Land College processes Personal Information and the legal basis for each purpose.
Special categories
In order to fulfill certain of the purposes identified in Table 1, Lake Land College may need to request special categories of Personal Information such as information revealing racial or ethnic origin or trade union membership; data concerning health; or data concerning a natural person’s sexual orientation.
Before Lake Land College processes your special category Personal Information or your criminal conviction Personal Information, if any, Lake Land College will ask for your affirmative consent unless Lake Land College has another legal basis for the processing, in which case Lake Land College will inform you of that basis.
Purposes for which Lake Land College processes Personal Information
Table 1
Purpose
Legal Basis
To respond to requests for information about admission to Lake Land College or about participating in online courses or other programs at Lake Land College
Performance of a contract or to take steps at the Data Subject’s request prior to entering into a contract
To recruit, evaluate, and manage persons who apply to Lake Land College for admission, take courses at Lake Land College, participate in programs offered by Lake Land College, or attend Lake Land College, either in person or online, and to perform related activities needed to foster and maintain these relationships
Performance of a contract or to take steps at the Data Subject’s request prior to entering into a contract
To operate and facilitate the registration and participation in online and in-person education programs, including those relating to professional licensing requirements
Performance of a contract or to take steps at the Data Subject’s request prior to entering into a contract
To evaluate applications for and administer financial aid, including reporting to relevant federal and state government agencies
Performance of a contract or to take steps at the Data Subject’s request prior to entering into a contract
To facilitate application for and sponsoring of visas to study, work and/or research at Lake Land College, including all functions necessary to comply with applicable immigration laws
Performance of a contract or to take steps at the Data Subject’s request prior to entering into a contract
To provide on-campus and distance learning information technology and other services to students, including network, authentication and help desk services
Performance of a contract or to take steps at the Data Subject’s request prior to entering into a contract
To respond to an individual’s request for records relating to an individual’s time at Lake Land College, such as transcripts, tax documents, employment documents, etc.
Performance of a contract or to take steps at the Data Subject’s request prior to entering into a contract
To engage the services of an independent contractor and all uses incident to that engagement
Performance of a contract or to take steps at the Data Subject’s request prior to entering into a contract
To employ persons to work for Lake Land College and all uses incident to that engagement including but not limited to evaluation and management of employees and administration of employee benefits
Performance of a contract or to take steps at the Data Subject’s request prior to entering into a contract
To conduct transactions and business with individuals, such as processing payments made by credit card to Lake Land College and payments made by Lake Land College to you
Performance of a contract or to take steps at the Data Subject’s request prior to entering into a contract
To host and allow individuals to attend and participate in College events, including educational, artistic, and sports camps and sporting events
Performance of a contract or to take steps at the Data Subject’s request prior to entering into a contract
To facilitate review and evaluation of College programs, including academic, sports, and other programs, by accrediting organizations, government entities, third-party ranking organizations, and other appropriate bodies
Legitimate interests of Lake Land College – legitimate interest in providing and maintaining a favorable higher education experience at Lake Land College
To promote safety, integrity, and security of Lake Land College’s information technology systems
Legitimate interests of Lake Land College – legitimate interest in maintaining IT and network security
To protect Lake Land College community, including you, and to keep its members safe wherever they are located
Legitimate interests of Lake Land College – legitimate interest in physical security
To report salary data to social security or tax authorities and otherwise comply with applicable EU or Member State laws
Necessary for compliance with a legal obligation
To allow individuals to visit College facilities
Legitimate interests of Lake Land College – legitimate interest in physical security
To facilitate and administer the reservation and use by individuals of College facilities
Performance of a contract or to take steps at the Data Subject’s request prior to entering into a contract
To facilitate the use of volunteers and to evaluate and manage individuals who volunteer to assist Lake Land College in any capacity, and to perform related activities required to foster and maintain these relationships
Legitimate interests of Lake Land College—legitimate interest in physical security
To respond to subpoenas, court orders, agency requests, and other legal requests for records relating to an individual’s time at Lake Land College, such as transcripts, tax documents, employment documents, etc.
Legitimate interest of Lake Land College – legitimate interest in complying with U.S. and state laws and not being held in contempt of court or having penalties imposed
To engage third parties to collect sums owing to Lake Land College or to otherwise take action to collect outstanding debt from an individual
Legitimate interests of Lake Land College—legitimate interest in recovering sums owed to it and enforcing its legal claims whether in or out of court
To respond to proper requests for information as required by the Illinois Freedom of Information Act and the U.S. federal Freedom of Information Act
Legitimate interests of third parties—legitimate interest in publication of data for purposes of transparency and accountability
To stay connected with College alumni and foundation
Legitimate interests of Lake Land College—legitimate interest in communicating unsolicited non-commercial messages
To allow and facilitate individuals to perform research at or with Lake Land College
Performance of a contract or to take steps at the Data Subject’s request prior to entering into a contract
To utilize individuals as subjects of research performed at or through Lake Land College, and to perform related activities required to foster and maintain this relationship
Consent
To facilitate the provision of medical treatment and the filing of claims for payment from insurance companies and/or government agencies
Consent
To raise funds to support Lake Land College and its programs
Consent
Embedded content from other websites
This site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, scripts, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
External websites are not controlled by Lake Land College and are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
How does Lake Land College receive your Personal Information?
From you
Lake Land College may receive your Personal Information when you visit our website, apply for or attend College classes or programs, apply for or take online courses with Lake Land College, work for Lake Land College, attend events sponsored by Lake Land College, or otherwise interact with Lake Land College.
From third parties
Lake Land College may receive your Personal Information from third parties such as college entrance exam scores received from testing agencies or purchased member lists.
Analytics partners
We partner with multiple third-party analytics providers to help us understand how visitors use our sites. We use this information to improve our content and your experience visiting our site. In order to generate this information, these analytics partners set their own cookies. We do not pass any personally identifying information about users to our partners.
Google Analytics
How Google uses information from sites that use Google Analytics. Google does not combine, match or cross-reference information from Google Analytics with any other user information.
Siteimprove
How Siteimprove uses information from sites that use Siteimprove Analytics and Siteimprove’s privacy policy.
Who receives/processes your Personal Information?
College personnel
Your Personal Information may be processed by College trustees and employees, including faculty, researchers, medical professionals, financial aid counselors, human resources professionals, law enforcement officers, and others, as may be necessary to carry out the purposes for processing the information and the activities of Lake Land College.
College Related Organizations
Lake Land College may share your Personal Information with College Related Organizations, such as Lake Land College Alumni and Lake Land College Foundation.
Third parties
Lake Land College may share your Personal Information with third parties, such as: educational platform providers and course partners to further the purposes for processing the information and the activities of Lake Land College; U.S. and foreign government entities to fulfill regulatory obligations (e.g., visa processing) and to facilitate access to funding sources (e.g., financial aid); partner institutions to facilitate study abroad activities; and vendors to provide services related to your affiliation with Lake Land College (e.g., assist with or arrange housing) and to improve College outreach efforts.
Please note that Lake Land College may provide anonymized data developed from Personal Information to third parties, such as government entities and research collaborators, and that such anonymized data is outside the scope of this notice.
External Web Sites
Some hyperlinks may link to third party websites. Third party websites are not controlled by Lake Land College and are not subject to this Privacy Policy. Check the privacy policies of the third party websites to see how your personal information will be collected and used.
Existence of automated individual decision-making
Lake Land College Alumni and Foundation may use a form of automated decision-making to help identify prospective supporters of the College and its activities. The logic takes a broad approach to assessing a possible donor’s propensity to support Lake Land College and may result in a prospective donor being contacted to explore support opportunities.
You will not be subject to a decision of this type which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you, unless the decision is necessary for entering into or performing a contract or unless you explicitly consent.
How long does Lake Land College keep your Personal Information?
Lake Land College retains Personal Information in accordance with applicable law.
What are your rights as a Data Subject?
As a Data Subject pursuant to the GDPR, you have certain rights. This notice summarizes what these rights under the GDPR involve and how you can exercise these rights. More detail about each right, including exceptions and limitations, can be found in Articles 15-21 and 77 of Official Journal of the European Union.
Please note: Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended by Lake Land College to waive sovereign immunity or any other defenses or immunities afforded by any or all U.S. federal law, Illinois state law, and EU law.
Right of access
You have the right to request that Lake Land College confirm whether it is processing your Personal Information. If Lake Land College is processing your Personal Information, you have the right to access that Personal Information, and Lake Land College will provide you with a copy of that Personal Information unless prevented by applicable law.
Right to have inaccurate Personal Information corrected
You have the right to request that Lake Land College correct any inaccurate Personal Information that it maintains about you. You also have the right to request that Lake Land College complete any incomplete Personal Information that it maintains about you.
Right to erasure
You have the right to request the erasure of Personal Information that Lake Land College maintains about you in certain circumstances. These circumstances are identified in Article 17 of the GDPR and include that the Personal Information is no longer necessary in relation to the purpose(s) for which it was collected.
Subject to applicable U.S., state, and EU law and College policies, including but not limited to this Privacy Policy, and provided that there are no overriding legitimate grounds for Lake Land College to retain the Personal Information, Lake Land College will comply with the request and will take reasonable steps to inform any third parties with whom the Personal Information was shared.
Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to request that Lake Land College restrict the processing of your Personal Information where one of the reasons identified in Article 18 of the GDPR apply. These reasons include that the Personal Information is inaccurate, the processing is unlawful, or Lake Land College no longer needs the Personal Information.
If Lake Land College grants your request to restrict processing, Lake Land College will only process that Personal Information with your consent, for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person, for reasons of important public interest, for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, or as otherwise required by applicable U.S., state, or EU law.
Right to data portability
Where the basis for processing is either consent or performance of a contract between you and Lake Land College, and where the processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your Personal Information that you have provided to Lake Land College. Lake Land College will provide the Personal Information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format. Where technically feasible and upon your request, Lake Land College will transmit the Personal Information directly to another entity.
Right to withdraw consent
If the basis for processing your Personal Information is consent, you may revoke your consent at any time. Upon receipt of your notice withdrawing consent, and if there are no other legal grounds for the processing, Lake Land College will stop processing the Personal Information unless the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims. Revoking consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing that occurred before the revocation.
Right to object to processing
In certain situations, you may have the right to object to processing of your Personal Information
Public Interest or Legitimate Interests. If the basis for processing your Personal Information is public interest or legitimate interests, you have the right to object to processing the Personal Information. Lake Land College will cease processing unless Lake Land College demonstrates overriding legitimate grounds for processing or the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
Direct Marketing. If Lake Land College is using your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes such as fundraising, you have the right to object at any time, and Lake Land College will stop using your Personal Information for that purpose
Right to file a complaint
You have the right to submit a complaint with an EU supervisory authority, in particular the one in the EU Member State of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of the alleged violation, if you believe that Lake Land College’s processing of your Personal Information violates the GDPR.
For more information on the process for submitting a complaint, consult the relevant EU supervisory authority: Data Protection Authorities.
How to exercise your rights
In order to exercise any of these rights, except the right to file a complaint with an EU supervisory authority, you should submit your request to Lake Land College:
Email: lspaniol@lakelandcollege.edu
Telephone: 217-234-5263
Address: Lake Land College
5001 Lake Land Blvd.
Mattoon, IL 61938
Attn: GDPR Compliance
At that time, you will be asked to: 1) identify yourself; 2) provide information to support that the GDPR applies to you; 3) identify the specific information or data that you are concerned about; and 4) state what right(s) you wish to exercise.
To expedite processing your request, please identify the data collection location (e.g., the website where your Personal Information was collected), if known.
How does Lake Land College respond to requests for Personal Information?
In addition to the rights provided by the GDPR, you may also have rights with respect to your Personal Information pursuant to U.S. federal law, state law, or College policy. When you submit a request to Lake Land College to exercise your rights, Lake Land College will respond in accordance with existing College policies and procedures that implement the relevant privacy law(s).
GDPR
If you are interested in reviewing an English version of the GDPR, please see Official Journal of the European Union..
Issued: 05/25/2018
Effective: 05/25/2018
Updated: 09/30/2019
Back to the top
Join Laker Nation
Take the next step.
Plan a Visit
Request Info
Enroll Now
Explore Careers