http://www.3dimensiondesign.com/privacy/
3 Dimension Design provides rapid prototyping, 3D printing, and 3D modeling design services.
Home
Services
Request A Quote
FAQ
Who We Are
Photo Gallery
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
At 3Dimension Design we recognize the importance of personal privacy to our customers. We want you to understand how we gather, use, and safeguard information about you to provide you with our products and services. The
3Dimension Design privacy principles have been adopted to maintain the security, integrity and confidentiality of your personal information.
Keeping your personal information secure is one of our most important responsibilities. We value your trust and handle your personal information with care. Our employees access personal information about you when needed to maintain your accounts or otherwise meet your needs. We may also access personal information about you when considering a request from you for additional services or when exercising our rights under the law or any agreement with you.
Information We Gather
At 3Dimension Design, we collect non-public personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms; Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates or others; Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency; and when you access the
3Dimension Design web site, we use "cookies" in connection with managing the security of your password when you are using the site. Once you log off the web site, the cookie is no longer stored by us.
How We Protect Your Information
At 3Dimension Design, we restrict access to personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal and state regulations to guard your personal information.
Updates
From time to time, we may update or amend this notice and will notify you of those changes as required by law. You may view the most current version of this notice at any time by requesting a copy from any of our offices, or by visiting our website at www.3dimensionedsign.com.
© 2020 3Dimension Design :. Powered by
Metro Studios :. Privacy Policy
3Dimension Design provides custom 3D printing solutions to the Knoxville, Tennessee area.
Quick Quote
3Dimension Design does not charge a set-up fee. Use the chart below to get an estimated cost then click the link below to receive a quote and/or a free sample part.
Printed Material Volume (in³)
Price (in³)
0 to 1.99
$11
2 to 3.99
$10
4 to 5.99
$9
6 to 9.99
$8
10+
$7