http://www.ailu.org.uk/pages/terms_and_conditions.html
Help Contact Us Quick Links:
- Please Select Products and Services Directory Design for Laser Manufacture The Laser User Magazine Laser FAQs News Events Association: AILU Membership Association: Laser User Groups
Text Size:
Log in Register | Forgotten Password?
Password
Stay signed in?
Home Where am I?
Home Terms & Conditions
ON THIS PAGE...
1. Definitions 2. General 3. Content 4. Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability 5. Indemnity 6. Severability 7. Notice 8. Registration 9. Password and Security 10. Privacy 11. Copyrights and trademarks
Terms & Conditions 1. Definitions
"User" refers to any person viewing or interacting with this Site, including "you";
"Content" refers to any text, photograph or other image presented on this Site to Users by the Association of Industrial Laser Users.
2. General
The following Terms and Conditions govern your use of this Web Site (the www.ailu.org.uk domain) and your relationship with the Association of Industrial Laser Users ("we/us"). By using the www.ailu.org.uk site you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions may change without further notice to you and we recommend you check the Terms and Conditions whenever you use the www.ailu.org.uk site.
The Association of Industrial Laser Users hereby grants to visitors to this Web Site access to these pages conditional upon your agreement to accept the application of the laws of England to govern matters between us in relation to this web site and you agree to indemnify us and not hold us liable for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly from your actions you may take based on the information contained in this Web Site, whether arising from negligence, misrepresentation, breach of any statutory duty, or of any condition, warranty or term (express or implied) of any contract, agreement or otherwise and whether such loss is direct, indirect, special or consequential.
3. Content
The Information on this Web Site is intended for help and information purposes only. Neither the Association of Industrial Laser Users nor any of its employees, agents or sub-contractors make any warranty, express or implied, or assume any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any information contained on this site or any web site referred to. Those who access the site or any site referred to should take appropriate steps to verify all such information.
This Site links to websites operated by third parties. The Association of Industrial Laser Users does not control these third party websites and is not responsible for their content. The presence on this Site of a link or reference to a website operated by a third party does not imply any endorsement, recommendation or favouring by the Association of Industrial Laser Users of that third party or of any products or services advertised, or other information or content featured on that website. Nor does it constitute any assurance by the Association of Industrial Laser Users that website has in place security measures to protect information which you may submit online.
Except where otherwise expressed, all opinions, advice, statements, offers, or other information content made available through this Site are those of third parties and not of the Association of Industrial Laser Users and should not be relied upon. The Association of Industrial Laser Users is not responsible for the opinions, advice, statements, offers or other information provided on this Site. The Association of Industrial Laser Users does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information on this Site and neither adopts nor endorses nor is responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice or statement made. The Association of Industrial Laser Users is not responsible for any Content that is illegal, offensive or otherwise actionable. Under no circumstances will the Association of Industrial Laser Users be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from anyone's reliance on information or other Content posted on this Site or transmitted to Users.
The Association of Industrial Laser Users reserves the right, but has no obligation, to edit or remove any Content without question, reason or notice.
The Content made available in this Site is provided "as is" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to all implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, title, or non-infringement of any third party rights including, without limitation, intellectual property rights. The Association of Industrial Laser Users does not warrant that the Content will be error free, nor free of viruses, nor free from defamatory, offensive, infringing or other harmful matter. You assume the entire cost of any necessary service, repair, or correction. The Content may include inaccuracies or typographical errors that will be corrected as they are discovered at the Association’s sole discretion. You acknowledge that the Association of Industrial Laser Users has not undertaken any verification of Content featured on this Site.
4. Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances shall the Association of Industrial Laser Users, nor affiliates, staff, agents or suppliers, be liable for any damages, including without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, consequential, or other damages (including without limitation lost profits, lost revenues, or similar economic loss), whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, arising out of the use or inability to use the Content available in this Site or any linked site, even if the Association of Industrial Laser Users is advised of the possibility thereof, nor for any claim by a third party.
The Association of Industrial Laser Users hereby expressly disclaims any and all warranties, including without limitation, any warranties to the availability, accuracy, or information, products or services, and any warranties of satisfactory quality or fitness for a particular purpose.
The Association of Industrial Laser Users shall in no event be liable for any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of records for any cause of action.
5. Indemnity
You agree to defend, fully indemnify and keep fully indemnified at all times, and hold harmless the Association of Industrial Laser Users, its officers, directors, employees, agents and third parties, for any losses, costs, liabilities, damages and expenses (including reasonable fees) relating to or arising out of your use of this Site including, without limitation, any infringement of any third party's rights (including without limitation intellectual property rights and rights of privacy and publicity) and any unlawful material you submit to this Site (including without limitation material which is or could be deemed defamatory, obscene, offensive, inaccurate, blasphemous, threatening or illegal), including any breach by you of the terms of this agreement.
6. Severability
In the event local or other law prohibits any term or condition of this agreement, this agreement shall be construed in such a manner as to give force and effect to every lawful provision.
7. Notice
The terms of use shall be governed in accordance with the laws of England. The terms and conditions of this agreement are subject to change by the Association of Industrial Laser Users at any time on a prospective basis upon notice to Users. Any User's use of this Site following such notice shall indicate the User's acceptance of the new terms and conditions.
8. Registration
The details provided by you on registration or at any time are important. The registered user undertakes to ensure that they are correct and complete. You undertake to inform us immediately of any changes to the information you provided when registering by updating your personal details.
9. Password and Security
When you register to use this site you will select a username and a password. You must keep this username and password confidential and must not disclose it or share it with anyone. Please note that you will be responsible for activities under your username and password. If you know or suspect that someone else knows your username and password you should notify us immediately.
10. Privacy
We treat your privacy seriously and we understand that you would wish to know how we shall use the information we collect from your use of the site. Please see our Privacy Statement which forms a part of these Terms and Conditions.
The Association of Industrial Laser Users is not responsible for privacy practices of third party websites linked to this Site. The Association of Industrial Laser Users undertakes not to disclose any of your personal information to third parties.
11. Copyrights and trademarks
All Content and materials on this Site, save where otherwise expressed, are subject to copyright and are protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. No logo, graphic, text, sound or image from this website may be copied, reproduced, modified, published, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, without the Association of Industrial Laser Users’ prior written permission. Except as expressly provided herein, the Association of Industrial Laser Users does not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, copyrights or trademarks. Exception: The text on the 'About Us' page is available under the terms of the Wikipedia GNU Free Documentation License.
Products & Services Product & Services Directory Laser Technology & Applications Events The Laser User Magazine AILU e-Newsletter Advertising News Laser FAQs Useful Links Equipment for Sale The Association About Us AILU Membership Early Career Researchers Committee Awards & Prizes
Back to top
© 2006-2020 The Association of Laser Users
Disclaimer Terms & Conditions AILU Cookie Policy
Designed and developed by Online Solutions Ltd