http://www.qedbio.com/faq-help/
Skip to content
Help
Find quick answers to your questions below.  If you need further assistance, please call customer support at (800) 929-2114.
Order Status
How do I track my order?
Click the Order Status link at the top right hand side of our site to track your order.
Has my order shipped?
Click the My Account or Order Status link at the top right hand side of our site to check your orders status.
How do I change quantities or cancel an item in my order?
Please contact us at (800) 929-2114 to edit your order. Please note that once an order has begun processing or has shipped, the order is no longer editable.
My order never arrived.
Click the Order Status link at the top right hand side of our site to track your order status. Be sure that all of the items in your order have shipped already. If you order displays your Package Tracking Numbers, check with the shipper to confirm that your packages were delivered. If your packages each show a status of “delivered”, please contact customer service for assistance at (800) 929-2114.
An item is missing from my shipment.
Click the Order Status link at the top right hand side of our site to track your order status. Be sure that all of the items in your order have shipped already. If you order displays your Package Tracking Numbers, check with the shipper to confirm that your packages were delivered. If all of your packages display a status of delivered and you are still missing an item, please contact customer service for assistance at (800) 929-2114.
When will my backorder arrive?
Backordered items are those which our suppliers are unable to predict when they will have more in stock, but as soon as they do, we will be able to ship the item to you.
My Account
How do I create an account?
1) Click the My Account link at the top right side of our site.
2) Under the Register column, enter your email address and chosen password.
Your information is NEVER sold to any other company and is kept completely private. Please view our Privacy Policy for more information.
How do I edit my account information?
Click the My Account link at the top right hand side of our site to edit your account information.
How much is my shipping?
Shipping is automatically calculated prior to submitting your payment information.  Simply add items to your cart and proceed to the Checkout page where you will be offered Shipping Method choices and their prices.
I forgot my password.
Click the My Account link at the top right hand side of our site. Under the login box you’ll see a link that says “Lost your password?”. Click that link, then enter your username or email, and click the button to Reset Password.  Instructions will be sent to your email.
How do I return my product?
Please contact customer service at (800) 929-2114 for more information on returning an item.
I received the wrong product.
If you feel that you have received the wrong product, please contact customer service within 72 hours of receiving the product.
What is your return policy?
Please see our Terms & Conditions for complete details regarding our return policy.
When will my order ship?
Please see each individual item page for more information on the availability of each item. Also, after placing your order, you may click the Order Status link at the top right hand side of our site to track the status of your order. You will receive a shipment confirmation when your order has shipped and tracking information within 24-48 hours of shipment.
International Shipping
Do you ship to my country?
Please create an account by clicking the My Account link at the top right hand side of our site. During signup we’ll ask for your shipping address details including country. If your country is not in the dropdown menu of available countries, unfortunately we cannot ship to your country at this time.
What are my payment choices?
During the checkout process you may choose any of our current payment options and continue to place your order. Please note that we will not ship your order until we receive payment from you.
When will my order ship and what are the shipping charges?
Shipping is automatically calculated prior to submitting your payment information.  Simply add items to your cart and proceed to the Checkout page where you will be offered Shipping Method choices and their prices. We will ship your order shortly after we receive payment from you.
What is the return policy?
Please see our Terms & Conditions for complete details regarding our return policy.
Guarantees
Low Price Guarantee
It is our commitment to provide you with the best value, at the best price. We value your business and strive to keep our prices low, and SAVE you money!
Privacy Policy
We value your privacy. Please view our Privacy Policy for complete details on how we use the information we collect.
Security
This website is protected with SSL (secure socket layer) encryption, the highest standard in Internet security.
Pricing & Billing
Do I have to pay sales tax?
You only have to pay sales tax if you are located in the same state as our warehouse, California.
I have a question on my charges.
Click the My Account link at the top right hand side of our site to review your orders. You may compare your order history on our website with your financial records. If you have further questions or concerns, please contact customer service for further assistance at (800) 929-2114.
I need a copy of my receipt / invoice.
Click the My Account link at the top right hand side of our site to print invoices.
When will my credit appear on my account?
Credits usually take 7-10 business days from the time we receive your item(s).
When will my credit card be charged?
Your credit card will be charged within 24 hours prior to shipment of your item(s).
Buyer’s Guide
How do I find my product?
To find the product(s) you’re looking for, you may (1) use the navigation menus on the top, left & bottom of our website. (2) type a keyword into the SEARCH box. If you have any trouble locating a product, feel free to contact customer service for assistance.
How do I navigate this site?
To navigate this website, simply click on a category you might be interested in. Categories are located on the top, left & bottom of our website. QUICK TIP: Place your mouse cursor over anything you think could be a clickable link. You’ll notice that anytime you scroll over something that is a link, your mouse cursor will become a “hand”. Whereas scrolling over anything that is NOT a link will leave your cursor as an “arrow”. You may also type a keyword into the SEARCH box to quickly find a specific product. If you have any trouble locating a product, feel free to contact customer service for assistance.
How do I use a promo code?
After adding items to your cart, View Cart or click the Cart icon at the top of this site to view your cart. At the bottom of the shopping cart you’ll see a box where you may enter your promo code.
Additional Support
How do I contact you?
Please fill out the form on our Contact page for general inquiries.  For immediate assistance, please call us at (800) 929-2114.
TOLL-FREE
(800) 929-2114
INTERNATIONAL
+1 (858) 675-2405
© 2020 QED Bioscience Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
Search for:
ANTIBODIES
VIEW ALL ANTIBODIES >
Agriculture & Food Science
Anti-Immunoglobulin
Apoptosis
Autophagy
Biowarfare
Cancer Research
Coagulation Factors
DNA/RNA/Oxidative Damage
Drug Antibodies
Enzymes & Enzyme Inhibitors
Epitope Tags
Growth Factors/Cytokines/Receptors
Heat Shock & Stress Proteins
Hormones & Serum Proteins
Infectious Disease
Ion Channel Antibodies
Matrix Protein/MMP Antibodies
Neuroscience & Signal Transduction
Phospho-Specific Antibodies
Protein Transcription
Reproductive Biology
Secondary Antibodies
Stem Cell Markers
Image Column
PROTEINS
Recombinant Proteins
Chemokines
ANTIGENS
SERION Immunologics Viral, Bacterial, Fungi & Protozoa
Coronavirus Research Tools
KITS
Infectious Disease Research Test Kits
Surf’s Up® Surfactant Kit
GEM ELISA Kit
CELL CULTURE PRODUCTS
BriClone Hybridoma Cloning Medium
CUSTOM SERVICES
Custom Antibody Services
In vitro Monoclonal Antibody Production
Ascites Production
Polyclonal Rabbit Antibody Production
Hybridoma / Monoclonal Antibody Development
Anti-Idiotype Monoclonal Antibody Development
Antibody Purification
Peptide Synthesis
ELISA Development and Testing
Cell Culture Services
Hybridoma Optimization
Mycoplasma Testing
Cell Line Storage and Cell Banking
Login
About QED
QED Blog
ContactAdvanced Antibody Discovery
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Stay in Touch
×
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Username *
Email address *
Password *
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register