http://www.asev.org/footer-link/privacy-policy
About ASEVASEV Newsletters
Bylaws
Contact Us
Board of Directors & Staff
Call for Nominations
Chapters
Committees
HistoryPast Annual Meeting/National Conference Sites
Past Presidents
Job Board
News
Press Releases
Volunteer
Awards & LecturesASEV Extension Distinction AwardASEV Extension Distinction Award Recipients
Best Paper Awards
Best Student Presentation Awards
Merit AwardMerit Award Recipients
Scholarship ProgramsScholarship Recipients
Honorary Research LectureHonorary Research Lecturers
JF Guymon LectureJF Guymon Lecturers
ASEV MembershipRenew Membership
Individual Membership
Company Membership
Testimonials
Individual Member Directory
Company Member Directory
Videos On-demand2019 Oak Symposium
2018 Brettanomyces Symposium
2017 New Understandings in Wine Oxidation Chemistry Symposium
2016 Managing Water in California Vineyards Symposium
2015 2nd International Symposium on Nitrogen in Grapes and Wine
2014 Water Use Efficiency Symposium Videos
2013 Rootstock Symposium Videos
2013 Tannin Symposium Videos
2012 Alternative Varieties Symposium
2012 Grape Anatomy Session
2012 Wine Stability & Oxidation Session
EventsEvent Dates
2021 National ConferencePhotos
Audio Recordings
Technical Abstracts
Registration & Housing
Unified Wine & Grape Symposium
Technical ResourcesAmerican Journal of Enology and Viticulture (AJEV)
Catalyst: Discovery into Practice
Technical Abstracts
Technical Liaison Committee Minutes
Technical Updates
PublicationsProceedings
Seminar Publications
CDs
Lab Proficiency
Industry Organizations
American Society for Enology and Viticulture
American Society for Enology and Viticulture
More options
Header link November 9, 2020 For Anonymous users
Volunteer
Read more
Header link December 12, 2013 For Anonymous users
Join ASEV
Read more
Header link August 9, 2013 For Anonymous users
Member Login
Read more
Media link September 14, 2018
facebook
Read more
Media link October 13, 2020
instagram
Read more
Media link November 26, 2013
Linked in
Read more
Media link November 26, 2013
Follow us on Twitter
Read more
Footer link July 26, 2012
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the ASEV website. ASEV has created this Privacy Policy
in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy for our
website Users. The following paragraphs disclose our information
gathering and dissemination practices. The Privacy Policy may
change at any time; any changes will be posted on this page.
Should you have additional questions, comments or concerns please
contact us:
Our postal address is: P.O. Box 1855, Davis, CA 95617-1855
USA
We can be reached via e-mail at: info@asev.org
You can reach us by telephone at (530) 753-3142
User privacy is of utmost concern to ASEV, and as such, the
following policies governing your usage of this website:
What Information Does ASEV Collect?
Most data ASEV collects are used only to help us better serve our
members. It is our general policy to collect and store only
personal information that our members and visitors knowingly
provide.
Information Collected from General Users:
ASEV does not collect any personal information from Users
browsing its website. Only aggregate data — such as the number of
hits per page — are collected. Aggregate data are only used for
internal and marketing purposes and do not provide any personally
identifying information.
General Contact Form:
http://www.asev.org/ has a
function that allows you to provide inquiries and feedback to
ASEV by e-mail. You can locate this form by clicking on the menu
bar labeled “Contact,” or by click here. This form requests address, phone, and
e-mail information and includes a segment for your questions and
comments. This information will be utilized by ASEV employees,
members, officers, and directors to the extent necessary to
respond to your inquiry. ASEV is authorized to provide the
information collected by the General Contact Form to any party,
as necessary to assist with your inquiry. The choice of how much
personal information you choose to disclose on the General
Contact Form to is left completely up to you.
Demographic or Personal Preference Questions:
ASEV may, from time to time, ask demographic or personal
preference questions. This data may be used for analyzing overall
Website demographics, User preferences, and to further develop
our member services. We may disclose this data to third parties,
including service providers, for services to our members and
other users.
The conference Directory of Registrants for ASEV events is
offered for sale.  If you choose to register for any ASEV
hosted conference, your information will be added to the ASEV
registration database and ultimately the conference Directory of
Registrants. This is a condition of registering for an ASEV
conference.
Use of Session and IP addresses:
We use your IP address to help
diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website.
Our website uses Session to keep track of various functions
within the website.
In telecommunication, a “Session” is a series of interactions
between two communication end points that occur during the span
of a single connection. Typically, one end point requests a
connection with another specified end point and if that end point
replies agreeing to the connection, the end points take turns
exchanging commands and data (“talking to each other”). The
Session begins when the connection is established at both ends
and terminates when the connection is ended.
A unique number called an IP address identifies every
computer on the Internet. Each time you connect to the Internet
your machine is assigned an IP address. An IP address is a number
that identifies each sender or receiver of information that is
sent in packets across the Internet.
Credit Card Account Information
ASEV does not disclose credit card account information provided
by its members and customers. When members and customers choose
to pay using their credit cards, ASEV submits the information
needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouse. See
below for information about credit card information obtained by
AJEV and the
Catalyst.
How Does ASEV Use Cookies?
Websites will commonly write small data files (cookies) to your
hard drive during your visits to the website. A cookie file is
used in order to track your traffic patterns on a particular
website and contains information that can anonymously identify
you. This information is encrypted for security purposes. ASEV
reserves the right to measures the activity of the website by
using cookies. Cookies help us make improvements to the website
so you can have a pleasant and productive experience. Cookies are
created to identify your computer when visiting our website and
are never used to identify you personally. Cookies can’t read
data off your hard disk, do damage to your hard disk or memory,
or read cookie files created by other websites. You can set your
browser to send a warning message before accepting cookies or to
refuse cookies. Check with your browser for instructions on how
to handle cookies. If the User declines the attachment of any
cookie, the User may not have access to the full benefits of the
website. Registration enables the website to better determine
members’ interest areas and provide the most relevant
information.
What Privacy Issues Arise with Links to Other websites?
This website contains links to other websites. ASEV has no
control over and is not responsible for the privacy policies or
content of such websites. If you decide to access any of the
third-party websites linked to this website, you do this entirely
at your own risk. You may create links to this website from other
websites, but only in accordance with the terms of ASEV’s Web Link & Logo License
Agreement. ASEV has a Linking Policy. Please visit ASEV’s Web Link & Logo License
Agreement to read more.
What Privacy Issues Arise with Links to www.AJEVonline.org and ASEVCatalyst.org?
The American Journal of
Enology and Viticulture (AJEV) and the Catalyst, published quarterly,
are the official journals of the American Society for Enology and
Viticulture (ASEV). AJEV and Catalyst publishes full-length
research papers, literature reviews, research notes, and
technical briefs on various aspects of enology and viticulture,
including wine chemistry, sensory science, process engineering,
wine quality assessments, microbiology, methods development,
plant pathogenesis, diseases and pests of grape, rootstock and
clonal evaluation, effect of field practices, and grape genetics
and breeding. All papers are peer reviewed, and authorship of
papers is not limited to members of ASEV. The science editor and
a group of associate editors, drawn from academic and research
institutions worldwide, guide the content of the journals.
http://www.ajevonline.org/ and
http://www.asevcatalyst.org/
makes ASEV publications available to ASEV members online and
sells individual articles to the general public. Both journals
are hosted by Stanford University Libraries’ HighWire Press®. Please see
http://www.ajevonline.org/ and
http://www.asevcatalyst.org/ for
more information, including Terms of Use, Frequently Asked
Questions, and Subscriber Help & Services. Credit Card
information to purchase journal articles is obtained by using a
secured encryption under a security certificate issued by Equifax
Secure Global ebusiness CA-1 to Secure.Highwire.org.
What Means of Redress Are Available?
If any User suspects ASEV has handled its personal information in
a manner that does not comply with this Privacy Policy, please
contact us by e-mailing to info@asev.org or by calling (530)
753-3142.
Print-friendly
Back
Share this page
Footer link July 26, 2012
Footer link November 27, 2013
© 2020 American Society for Enology and Viticulture – Phone: (530) 753-3142 – Fax: (530) 753-3318 – info@asev.org
Read more
Footer link April 1, 2014
Contact Us
Read more
Footer link November 13, 2020
Ethics Policy and Code of Conduct
Approved by the ASEV Board of Directors on January 23,
2017.
ASEV Ethics Policy
The objectives of the Society shall be to encourage, stimulate,
and support research in enology and viticulture or other sciences
directly applied to enology or viticulture through its technical
programs. Furthermore, the objectives shall be to provide forums
for the presentation, discussion, and publication of such
research and technological developments for the advancement of
science and the promotion of education in enology and
viticulture.
Read more
Footer link March 2, 2014
Link & Logo
American Society for Enology and Viticulture Web Link &
Logo License Agreement
ASEV will grant to you a personal, nonexclusive, nontransferable
license to hyperlink (“Link”) your Internet Web site to ASEV’s
Internet Web site, and/or use ASEV’s Web link logo (“Link Logo”)
as part of your Intenet Web site subject to the following terms
and conditions: You must accept all terms and conditions in this
Agreement.
Dowload ASEV Logo
Read more
Footer link July 26, 2012
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the ASEV website. ASEV has created this Privacy Policy
in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy for our
website Users. The following paragraphs disclose our information
gathering and dissemination practices. The Privacy Policy may
change at any time; any changes will be posted on this page.
Should you have additional questions, comments or concerns please
contact us:
Read more
Footer link August 9, 2013
Sitemap/RSS
Read more
Footer link March 2, 2014
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions of Use Agreement between User and
American Society for Enology and Viticulture
Read more
Log in
Username: *
You may log in with your ASEV member account.
Password: *
Remember me
Become a member
Request new password
Commands
HelpLog in