http://www.patricell.com/pages/cookies-privacy
Cookies & privacy
Privacy policy
Who we are
Patricellis a limited company, registered in England. The company registration number is: 03280472. The Registered Office is Biocity Nottingham, Pennyfoot Street, Nottingham, NG1 1PF.
Patricell operates the website www.patricell.com. (the "website").
The purpose of this policy
Patricell wants to protect the privacy of visitors to our website and that of our clients and contacts. Please read the following policy; it will help you to understand how we use your personal data. We may change our privacy policy at any time without giving you notice, so please check it each time you visit our website.
Whenever you give us personal data, you are consenting to its collection and use in accordance with this privacy policy.
What personal data do we collect?
When you register with us, visit our website, subscribe to our marketing updates, use our services, or make an enquiry, you may be asked to provide some personal data, which may include:
Name and company
Contact information including email address and postcode
Demographic information such as preferences and interests
Other information relevant to surveys, offers and enquiries
We automatically collect data about visitors to our website (for example on browsing patterns, by using cookies and your Internet Protocol (IP) address). This data is used in an anonymous form.
What we do with the data we collect?
We use your personal data to provide goods and services to you or your organisation and to let you know about other goods and services in which you may be interested.
We may also use your personal data to carry out research about our visitors' and clients' demographics, interests and behaviour. We do this to better understand our visitors, clients and potential clients. This research is compiled and analysed on an aggregated and anonymous basis.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail.
Whenever and wherever we collect, process or use personal data, we take steps to ensure that it is treated securely and in accordance with our privacy policy.
The legal basis for the processing of your personal data is your consent and/or any other applicable legal basis, such as our legitimate interest in engaging in commerce and offering products and services of value to you. We assume that if you are client of Patricell, have made an enquiry or subscribed to our marketing updates that you are interested in hearing about our products and services.
We retain the personal data processed by us for as long as is considered necessary for the purpose for which it was collected (including as required by applicable law or regulation). Specific retention periods can be obtained by emailing: info@patricell.com
If you subscribe to receive our email marketing communications your data will be added to Mailchimp. You can view Mailchimp’s privacy policy at: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
Security
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any other network can be guaranteed as 100% secure, but we take appropriate steps to try and protect the security of your personal data.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive.
Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
At Patricell we only use cookies to monitor the performance of our website and to improve user experience. If you are not happy with our use of cookies, then you should either not use the website, delete our cookies once you have visited the site, or browse the site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Cookies on the Patricell site
Google Analytics– we use this to understand how the Patricell site is being used in order to improve the user experience. Your user data is all anonymous. You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Other web services and links
External web services.
We may use a number of external web services on the Patricell website, mostly to display content within our web pages. For example, to show videos we may use YouTube and Vimeo. This is not an exhaustive or complete list of the services we use, or might use in the future, when embedding content, but these are the most common. We cannot prevent these sites, or external domains, from collecting information on your usage of this embedded content. If you are not logged in to these external services then they will not know who you are but are likely to gather anonymous usage information e.g. number of views, plays, loads etc.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Email marketing communications
Where you receive a marketing email or other direct mailing from us, we may collect information using tracking so that we can tell how much traffic those emails send to our site and we can track, at an individual level, whether the user has opened and clicked on the email. We rarely use this information at a personal level, rather we use it to understand open and click rates on our emails to try and improve them. Sometimes we do use the personal information e.g. to re-email people who didn’t click the first time. If you want to be sure that none of your email activity is tracked then you should unsubscribe from the Patricell marketing updates.
Other emails that we send you have no tracking in at all, for example personal correspondence or emails with invoices attached.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information. Under the GDPR you have the right to:
Request a copy of the personal information we hold about you. Please provide as much information as possible about the nature of your contact with us to help us locate your records.
Object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Request that we delete your personal data so it is erased from our records.
Have any inaccuracies in your data corrected.
Object to automated processing.
If you wish to carry out any of the above, you can do so by writing to please writing to us at Patricell Limited, BioCity Nottingham, Pennyfoot Street, Nottingham, NG1 1GF or by emailing us at: info@patricell.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You have the right to lodge a complaint about an organisation’s data practices with the ICO who are the supervisory authority.
Disclaimer
The material on our website site is given for general information only, and does not constitute professional advice. You should take specific advice before taking a course of action as we do not accept directly or indirectly any responsibility for loss arising directly or indirectly from reliance on information on this site.
Given that the Internet uses an open system we cannot warrant that the site and downloads reach you virus-free. You must, therefore, take all appropriate precautions for your own safety.
Copyright
Entire contents © 2018 Patricell. All rights reserved.
Subscribe Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …
Sign up today