https://www.rjbagan.com/company/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Richard J. Bagan Inc. Data Privacy Policy
HomeCompanyPrivacy Policy
Richard J. Bagan Inc. Privacy Policy:
This Privacy Policy and all details therein indicates the manner in which Richard J. Bagan Inc. collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from website visitors of the rjbagan.com website and any related pages.
Richard J. Bagan values all interactions with our brand and website. Some of these interactions include personal information collected from visitors. Data privacy is the highest priority of Richard J. Bagan Inc. By visiting rjbagan.com all users accept the practices in this privacy policy.
Personal identification data is collected in different ways. Collection activities include forms for specified interactions, services, or content available on our website. Visitors may be asked for, full name, email address, phone number, company, address, country of origin, and resumes. We only collect personal identification information from our website visitors if personal information is voluntarily submitted. Non-personal information may be collected including, but not limited to, browser information, computer specifications, operating systems, ISPs and IP addresses.
How do we protect your data?
Privacy is important and Richard J. Bagan Inc. values the relationships and customers interacting with rjbagan.com. User data is not sold, traded, or leased. Industry standards for data protection are followed. All third-party applications also follow industry standard security measures to protect user data.
Richard J. Bagan Inc. Cookie Policy
What is a cookie?
Cookies are small data files which are sent to a visitor’s browser and stored on a device (computer, phone, tablet, etc.) enabling us to recognize a visit or returned visit to rjbagan.com. Cookies are installed by visiting our website and used by most website owners. Through each visit or returned visit to rjbagan.com, information may be tracked or collected. Cookies may also require consent and cookies from third parties are also used.
Why do we use cookies?
Cookies set by Richard J. Bagan Inc. or third-party services are used for the following reasons:
Website analytics and website improvements
Interacting with customers or visitors
Improving a visitor experience with our brand
Saving a repeat visitor’s session on rjbagan.com
Sending relevant and engaging marketing emails
Managing first party services owned by Richard J. Bagan Inc.
To improve customer service
Cookies set by Richard J. Bagan Inc. or managed third parties provide technical functions for our website to track targeted interest of visitors. Third parties serve cookies through www.rjbagan.com for functionality, analytics, advertising, and CRM purposes.
How can I manage the installation of Cookies?
Visitors to rjbagan.com may adjust cookie preferences within their browser. Through browser preferences, it is also possible to delete previously installed cookies. Visitors may consult their respective browser providers for more information on how to manage cookie preferences.
Since the installation of third-party cookies and other tracking systems through their services are not controlled by Richard J. Bagan Inc. all previously stated installations by third parties are not the responsibility of Richard J. Bagan Inc.
Third party websites and services
Visitors to rjbagan.com may find hyperlinks or content that link directly to third party websites. The content is controlled by the owner of the third-party website. Richard J. Bagan Inc. is not responsible for any practices, cookies, or actions of the third-party website. We recommend reviewing the privacy policy and or cookie policy of third-party websites when considering to view.
Third party services are also used by Richard J. Bagan Inc. Third party services may have access to personal information to perform important functions. Third party services provide or perform functions on our behalf of Richard J. Bagan Inc. including CRM management, content managing, integrations with social media, marketing services, analytical services, email services, customer service functions, and order fulfillment functions. Third parties maintain confidentiality and security of your personal information.
Changes to this privacy policy
Richard J. Bagan Inc may update any section of this privacy policy at any time. A notification to all visitors will be made present on the homepage when changes occur. It is the responsibility of each visitor to review change notices and any changes to the privacy policy itself.
Official date of most recent published changes: 6-19-2019
Your acceptance of these terms
By visiting and using any function of our website, you acknowledge your acceptance of this policy. Please do not use our website if you disagree with any section of this policy.
Contacting us:
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Richard J. Bagan Inc.
1280 S Williams Dr.
Columbia City, IN 46725
800.552.5115
About UsCareersResourcesContact UsRepair Warranty PolicyPrivacy Policy
Login to BaganTrack, our online customer interface.