http://www.unrisd.org/privacy-notice
0
0
Mandate & Mission
Our Approach
Institutional Strategy
Research Agenda
Our Impact
Network & Partners
Alumni Network
Senior Research Associates
Staff
Organizational Structure
Funding
Annual Reports & Evaluations
History
Working at UNRISD
FAQs
Contact Details
Privacy Notice
At UNRISD protecting our users’ privacy is paramount. We use robust security measures and meet high standards to guarantee the fulfilment of users’ rights. This notice indicates the data UNRISD collects from website users, for which purposes, and relevant information about users’ rights, your rights.
What information does UNRISD collect?
When you browse the UNRISD website, information such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, navigation through the site, time spent on pages, and browser type, is collected from standard server logs via Google Analytics and login cookies. None of this information identifies the users.
UNRISD uses Mailchimp to distribute its eBulletin, newsletters and other email communications. When you create a myUNRISD account and subscribe to our emailing list, your name, email address, country and institution of affiliation are collected. Once subscribed, Mailchimp acts as a processor on behalf of UNRISD for our email communications. To learn more about Mailchimp Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, please visit: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
When you apply for a job at the Institute, date of birth, mailing address, nationality, phone number, gender, marital status, education background and employment record (including professional references) are collected by UNRISD Content Management System. This happens only with your knowledge and permission, and all data are kept confidential.
When joining a discussion group via Disqus, other participants of such groups (including individuals outside UNRISD) may see personal information that you have publically shared. To learn more about Disqus Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, please visit:
https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policy
How is this information used?
Data collected through Google Analytics and login cookies are used solely for website traffic statistics and internal reporting. If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics monitoring your behaviour on our site please use this link (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/)
We do not store IP addresses, users’ locations (except that in the subscription form) or any information related to the devices from which users access the UNRISD website.
The information that you provide us with when you create a myUNRISD account and subscribe to our emailing list is only used internally, meaning that email addresses are only used when users have authorized us to do so (opted in) and for the purpose of communicating with users about publications, events, ongoing research, research outputs and findings, as well as about institutional updates, news, announcements, and job vacancies.
Why is this information used?
This information helps us know our users, communicate effectively with you, improve our services, and make our work more relevant.
Opting out
If you would like to stop receiving updates from UNRISD, you can opt out at any time. To do so, click the Unsubscribe button in the footer section of UNRISD emails, or log in to myUNRISD via the UNRISD website and review, update and manage your subscription preferences.
Notification of changes in our privacy policy
This privacy notice may be subject to revisions and updates in the future. Any changes to the ways we use data will be documented and posted here.
Contact Us
If you have any inquiries about our privacy policy and its implementation, you may contact us at info.unrisd@un.org specifying Query: Privacy Notice as the subject of your email.
Last update: 10 August 2020
Palais des Nations1211 Geneva 10Switzerland
info.unrisd@un.orgTel: +41 (0)22 917 3060Fax: + 41 (0)22 917 0650
Mandate & Mission
Sign up for myUNRISD
Job Vacancies
Scam Warning and Disclaimer
Photo Credits
Privacy Notice
YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Scribd