https://www.imec-int.com/en/imec-cookie-policy
/imec cookie policy imec cookie policy
Cookies
To make all imec's websites work properly, we make use of small data files called cookies. Most big websites do this too.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How do we use cookies?
We don’t use cookies for any commercial use. We do use cookies for marketing statistics and error reporting:
Google Analytics: common website statistics for optimization and quantifiable reporting used by our digital marketing team.
YouTube: cookies in embedded iframes collect data on the user's visits to the website, such as which movies have been seen.
Vimeo: cookies in embedded iframes collect data on the user's visits to the website, such as which movies have been seen.
RavenJS: used to signal javascript errors to the website developers in order to take appropriate action to keep the website performant
Facebook pixel: keeping track of our Facebook ad campaign results.
Eloqua forms: identify you as a returning user to the site and help personalize your browsing experience.
Hotjar: track behavior on certain webpagesfor optimization and quantifiable reporting.
Linkedin: used by the social networking service, Linkedin, for tracking the use of embedded services, remember the user’s selected language of the website and registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how visitor uses the website.
How to control cookies
On your first visit, you will see a pop-up. All cookies are disables and all data is anonymized until you accept.
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see www.aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer (search for ‘imec’ in your cookies) and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed.
If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Privacy Policy
If you want more information, please read our privacy statement.
This website uses cookies for analytics purposes only without any commercial intent.
Find out more here.
Our privacy statement can be found here.
Some content (videos, iframes, forms,...) on this website will only appear when you have accepted the cookies.
Accept cookies