http://www.sfi.ie/legal/
Legal
See the legal information relating to SFI.ie and other sites owned and operated by Science Foundation Ireland.
Legal
Copyright Notice
All copyright, database rights and any other intellectual property rights in the content of this site belong to Science Foundation Ireland and/or its licensors and content providers and may be subject to Government Copyright in accordance with the Copyright and Related Rights Act, 2000. Except as expressly set out, nothing herein shall be construed as conferring any licence or other right in relation to the content of our sites listed below:
www.sfi.ie
www.SmartFutures.ie
Social media accounts
This terms of use document was last updated: March 2014
Users may retrieve and view the content of the site on screen and print or store in electronic form.
Users may not otherwise modify, publish, license or create derivative works from any of the content of the site without the prior consent of Science Foundation Ireland. Any works published using material on our sites must credit the material to Science Foundation Ireland and relevant website(s), must not be used out of context and must pass on all relevant disclaimers.
Requests to publish or distribute the material should be addressed to info@sfi.ie
Any material on this site which is the property of a third party may only be modified, copied, distributed, transmitted, displayed, performed, reproduced, published, licensed with the authorisation and consent of that third party.
Disclaimer
SFI.ie and other sites listed above are owned and operated by Science Foundation Ireland. The materials on the site(s) are owned or licensed by Science Foundation Ireland.
By accessing and using this site you are agreeing to the terms and conditions contained in the notices. Users must read the important disclaimers, which follow as they affect the use of this site. The contents of these pages are provided as an information guide only. Science Foundation Ireland does not give any warranties in respect of the site or in relation to the accuracy of the information or materials on the site or in relation to any software or services available through the site. Science Foundation Ireland does not warrant or represent that the site or its contents are accurate, complete, current or virus free.
There may be other sites listed on this site. Science Foundation Ireland is not responsible for the availability or content of such sites. Links to such sites are provided solely as a convenience to the user and do not constitute any endorsement, authorisation, sponsorship, affiliation by Science Foundation Ireland of such site, its owners or providers.
While every effort is made in preparing material for publication no responsibility is accepted by or on behalf of Science Foundation Ireland or its third party providers for any errors, omissions or misleading statements on these pages or any site to which these pages connect. Science Foundation Ireland denies all warranties of every nature whatsoever including without limitation, any implied warranties of quality or fitness for a particular purpose, any expressed or statutory warranties, and any warranties or duties regarding accuracy, timeliness, completeness or performance.
Liability
Science Foundation Ireland will not be liable to the user or any third party for any consequential or incidental damages (including but not limited to lost profits).
General
There are risks in using any information, software products on the Internet and Science Foundation Ireland cautions the user to make sure that the user completely understands these before retrieving, using or relying upon any information received on the Internet. It is the user’s responsibility to verify any information before relying on it.
Science Foundation Ireland reserves the right to make alterations to any part of this site and these terms.
The terms set out in these pages shall be governed, construed and in accordance with, laws of the Republic of Ireland and the user irrevocably agrees that the Courts of the Republic of Ireland are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with these terms.
If any provision of these terms is determined by a Court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity and the enforceability of the remainder of the provision in question and of the remaining provisions of these terms shall be separate and several and construed and enforceable accordingly and shall continue in full force and effect.
The failure of Science Foundation Ireland to enforce at any time or for any period any one or more of the terms or conditions of these notices shall not be a waiver of them nor of the right at any time subsequently to enforce all terms and conditions of these notices.
Privacy Notice
Science Foundation Ireland respects the rights of its users and does not, as a general rule, collect personal information of any kind. However, Science Foundation Ireland reserves the right to use Cookies (files left by web sites on a visitor’s hard drive that are used to record information about the site visitor) in order to assist Science Foundation Ireland in ascertaining the following:
The local address of the server you are using
The top level domain name from which you access the internet
The type of browser you are using
The date and time you access our site
The Internet address used to link to our site
View SFI's Privacy Statement. A user may also voluntarily provide personal information in response to a questionnaire or survey or when registering on the site.
Use of Personal Information
The data collected will be generally used for research or analysis purposes only. However, Science Foundation Ireland may use this information to assist in marketing and promotion. Science Foundation Ireland will not disclose a user’s personal information to any other party, unless it is required to do so by law.
The Internet is a global environment. Using the Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by using this site and communicating electronically with Science Foundation Ireland, the user acknowledges and agrees to the processing of personal data in this way by Science Foundation Ireland.
Science Week
Science.ie and ScienceWeek.ie are SFI Discover projects. SFI Discover initiatives are managed by Science Foundation Ireland on behalf of the Department of Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation.
Primary Science
Primary Science is a Discover Science Primary Science & Maths (DPSM) project. DPSM initiatives are managed by Science Foundation Ireland (SFI) on behalf of the Department of Jobs, Enterprise & Innovation.
Terms of use
Legal
Privacy
Accessibility
Dismiss Search ModalSearch