http://www.uamont.edu/privacy.html
The University of Arkansas at MonticelloClose Search Window
Search
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Navigate this Section
Contact InformationEmergency InformationAcademic AffairsFinance & AdministrationCoronavirus Information
U of A System Privacy Policy
GDPR WEBSITE DISCLOSURESPOP-UP BOX LANGUAGE:
This site uses cookies and other tracking technologies to assist with navigation and
your ability to provide feedback, analyze your use of our products and services, assist
with our promotional and marketing efforts, and provide content from third parties.
If you are in a European Union member state, click here to view the University’s GDPR
disclosures. See our cookies policy below.
University of Arkansas Cookie Policy
UAM may use cookies such as session cookies or persistent cookies to identify users
and trends on UAM’s web properties. The cookies can be disabled or removed at the
discretion of the user. A complete definition of cookies and usage can be found on
Wikipedia at the following address: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie
NOTICE OF YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS UNDER THE EUROPEAN UNION’S GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION
To comply with the GDPR, the University makes the following disclosures to you.1. The “data controller,” as defined by the GDPR, is University of Arkansas at Monticello.2. Your personal data may be used by the University to provide educational services
and related goods and services to you. For example, we may store or process information
you provide when you inquire about or apply for admission, when you apply for or participate
in University programs or activities, or when you apply for financial aid or housing
or request health services. Your personal data will also be used to perform related
administrative, regulatory and financial functions of the University. If you make
purchases, such as instructional materials, we may process your personal data in order
to complete transactions or provide the materials to you, and we may provide personal
data to vendors, to the extent required by the University’s agreements with such vendors.3. Your personal data may also be processed by the University in order to comply with
legal obligations of the University. These obligations may be imposed by United States
federal law, the law of one of the United States, the law of the EU, or the law of
an EU member state.4. Your personal data may be processed in order to protect your vital interests or
the vital interest of another person when you are incapable of giving consent, for
reasons of public interest in the area of public health, for the purpose of protecting
student health or safety, for the purpose of fulfilling legal obligations imposed
upon the University or when you have consented to the processing of your personal
data. Personal data to be processed may include sensitive personal data, which the
GDPR defines as information about racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious
or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data for
the purpose of identifying a person and data concerning health, sex life or sexual
orientation.5. Your personal data may be transmitted to, and stored in, facilities located in
the United States of America, or in other facilities outside of the EU.6. In order to provide goods or services to you, or to perform other functions described
in this disclosure, your personal data may be viewed or processed by the University’s
registrar, academic officers and staff, athletic staff, administrative and legal staff,
instructors, financial aid officers and public safety officials. Your personaldata may also be viewed or processed by contractors engaged by the University to process
data for the purposes described in this disclosure.7. Your de-identified personal data may be used by the University to assist the University
in assessing its programs and services, to provide information to assist the University
in directing its recruitment efforts, for administrative purposes, and for research
purposes.8. If you are an employee of the University, your personal data may also be processed
for purposes related to your employment. These uses include tax and regulatory reporting,
creating and maintaining personnel, payroll and benefits records, and providing or
administering employee benefits or employment related insurance plans or products.9. Your personal data will be stored until it is no longer required for the University
to accomplish the purposes described in this document. At a minimum, your personal
data will be stored for the periods of time required by the University’s legal obligations,
including contractual obligations and obligations imposed by United States and Arkansas
law.10. Under the GDPR you have the right to access your personal data, to receive a copy
of the personal data you provided the University, and to have inaccurate personal
data corrected. You may also have the right to have your personal data erased when
it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was obtained.11. Under the GDPR you may also have the right to restrict processing where: (a) you
contest the accuracy of your personal data, (b) where the processing is unlawful and
you request a restriction instead of erasure, and (c) where the University must retain
the data to establish or exercise the defense of a legal claim.12. You may also have the right to restrict processing of your personal data: (a)
if you contest the accuracy of your personal data; (b) if your personal data has been
unlawfully processed and you request restriction of the data instead of erasure; (c)
when the University no longer needs your personal data for the purposes described
in this disclosure, but is required to maintain your data in order to establish or
defend a legal claim; and (d) when, pursuant to Article 21 of the GDPR, you have objected
to processing your personal data.13. Under Article 21 of the GDPR, you have the right to object to further processing
of your personal data, on grounds specific to you, when the processing is not specific
to your relationship to the University but is for carrying out a task in the public
interest or in the exercise of the University’s official authority.14. You have the right to object to use of your personal data for direct marketing
purposes.15. Your personal data must be processed in order to administer your enrollment, to
provide you with opportunities to attend classes or engage in field work or study-abroad
programs, to purchase materials and to participate in University programs. The University
cannot provide you with educational or other goods or services, or the opportunity
to engage in University programs, without processing certain types of personal data
described in this disclosure document.16. To exercise your right to correction or erasure of your personal data, to request
a copy of your personal data, or revoke any consent you have given, you must make
your request, preferably in writing, to Anissa Ross, P.O. Box 3626 Monticello 71656.
Top
©