http://www.sustainourplanet.com/policies.php#privacypolicy
Login | Create Account
Follow us on
Email Address (username)
Password
Forgot your password?
First Name
Last Name
Email Address (username)
Password
Password Again
Home
About Us
Cities
Business
Calculator
Privacy & Security Policy
Commitment to Your Privacy
This site is owned and operated by Sustain Our Planet Inc., Your privacy is of the utmost importance to us. At Sustain Our Planet we want to make your online experience satisfying and safe.Because we gather certain types of information about our customers and guests, you should fully understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement details what information we gather and how we use it.
Information Sustain Our Planet Gathers & Tracks
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the sustainourplanet.com website. When offsetting your carbon footprint, the types of
personal information requested (i.e. not specifically related to your carbon footprint) are:
Name
Address
Email Address
Phone Number
Credit/Debit Card Information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need
to submit the recipient's address. In this instance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Email Address
Phone Number
Sustain Our Planet may gather aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our site. This information allows us
to better tailor our content to customers needs.
Sharing of Information
Sustain Our Planet will not share information about individual users with any third party, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public. Under no circumstance does Sustain Our Planet utilize user information for third party mailing
lists.
How to Access or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by emailing beneutral@sustainourplanet.com or (where supported) within your online profile. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting
access or making corrections.
Your Consent
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Sustain Our Planet. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes on this page.
Usage Tracking
Sustain Our Planet may track user traffic patterns throughout our site. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users.
Sustain Our Planet may break down overall usage statistics according to a user's domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this infor-
mation from the browser string (information contained in every user's browser). Sustain Our Planet may use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do
not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you.
Cookies
Sustain Our Planet may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
Sustain Our Planet uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above).
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the
warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, you may need cookies to fully utilize all
functionality within the site.
Security
Sustain Our Planet protects the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts
information you input. During the ordering process, your browser and our secure server work together to encrypt your information using 128 bit
encryption. Only the checkout portion of the SustainOurPlanet.com website is secured with ssl. Most user activity on the SustainOurPlanet.com
website is associated with calculating your carbon footprint. These areas do not involve any exchange of personal information and they are not
"secure". Security and encryption of confidential customer information provided during the order process is certified by Authorize.net. through their issuance of
a security key to our web server indicating our compliance with the latest standards employed in internet security and data encryption technology.
Sustain Our Planet and Authorize.net adhere to the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Standard for storing cardholder information. Our security and
privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our
users.
Carbon Emissions accuracy
Sustain our Planet has gone to considerable lengths to guarantee the accuracy of emissions data. Detailed explanations regarding how your carbon footprint is calculated can be found within multiple sections the calculator. Sustain Our Planet is not liable for unintended or accidental calculation
errors.
Return Policy
All sales and transactions on the SustainOurPlanet.com website are final. This does not include the calculation of your carbon footprint which can be changed or updated at any time, just the purchased offset portion of that footprint.
Shipping Policy
Customers debit or credit cards will be charged at the time of purchase. Sustain Our Planet will initiate scheduled re-occurring transactions with our partners to offset your carbon footprint.
Contact Us
Sustain Our Planet
1379 Dilworthtown Crossing
Suite 114
West Chester, PA 19382
USA
Email: beneutral@sustainourplanet.com
Web: www.sustainourplanet.com
Tel: 1 (484) 881 2614
Contact | Privacy Policy | Return Policy |
Shipping Policy©Sustain Our Planet 2020 All rights reserved.
Load A Saved Calculation
Below is a list of your saved calculations. Please select one to load.
Save Your Calculation
Please enter a descriptive name for your calculation.(Personal, Work, Home, Mom & Dad etc)
Calculation Name
You are not currently logged in to the site. Please log in to continue. If you haven't created an account yet, please create one now.
You are not currently logged in to the site. Please create an account to continue. If you already created an account yet, please log in now.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address (username)
Password