http://www.esrf.fr/sites/www/home/about/disclaimer-and-privacy-policy.html
About Us
Organisation
History
Synchrotron science
ESRF-EBS
Coming to the ESRF
Press room
Collaborations and EU Projects
Documentation
Ask an expert
Contact information
Users & Science
ESRF User Policies and Rules
Apply for beamtime
User Guide
Find a beamline
Accelerators
Support and Infrastructure
Scientific Documentation
Contacts
ESRF User Organisation
CRG liaison office
Links
The PhD programme at the ESRF
Industry
Why use the ESRF?
Our services
Applications and case studies
Technology transfer
Industry news
Documentation
Contact
Education & Outreach
What is the ESRF?
Visit the ESRF
HERCULES
Summer student programme
Synchrotron@School
For kids
Resources
Jobs
All about careers
Traineeships and sandwich courses
What we offer
Job Offers from Partner Organizations
Join the ESRF-EBS adventure
ESRF provisional recruitment plan
Home
About Us
Disclaimer and privacy policy
Disclaimer and privacy policy
About Us
Disclaimer and privacy policy
Thank you for showing interest in our institute. Data protection is of high priority for the management of the ESRF. The use of the Internet pages of the ESRF is possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special services via our website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.
By means of this data protection declaration, our institute would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process via this website.
The ESRF endeavours this processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a data subject to be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the ESRF.
As the controller, the ESRF has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by telephone.
Definitions
The data protection declaration of the ESRF is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our users, customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:
a) Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
b) Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.
c) Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
d) Restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
e) Profiling
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
f) Pseudonymisation
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.
g) Controller or controller responsible for the processing
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.
h) Processor
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
i) Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
j) Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.
k) Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.
Contact details of the controller
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:
ESRF - The European Synchrotron
CS40220
38043 Grenoble Cedex 9
France
Telephone: +33 (0)4 76 88 20 00
Fax: +33 (0)4 76 88 20 20
Société civile
RCS Grenoble D 338 723 919
N° Siret 338 723 919 00027 – APE 7219 Z
Email: webgroup@esrf.fr
Hosting for the site is provided by the ESRF.
This site has been registered with CNIL under no. 623 175 in accordance with law 78-17 dated 6th of January 1978 relating to data processing, files and personal freedom and privacy (loi 78-17 du 6 janvier 1978 relative à l'informatique, aux fichiers et aux libertés).
The web site http://www.esrf.eu is published by the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility and the information therein are governed by French law.
Site content
Conditions of use
The information contained on this site should not be construed as being of a contractual nature or otherwise binding.  The European Synchrotron Radiation Facility shall have full discretion to add, alter, or remove at any time all or part of the content and the layout of the pages of its site.
In spite of all the care taken in creating and updating this site, errors, inaccuracies or omissions may occur, and users may experience problems in connecting to the site or interruptions in their connection. The ESRF hereby disclaims any liability for any direct or indirect damage which may result from this.
The ESRF does not make any implicit or explicit guarantees regarding the use of information on its Internet site. Consequently, it cannot be held responsible for any losses or damage, direct and/or indirect, which may be engendered by using the information on its site, or for any missing or incorrect information, or any temporary or permanent failure to supply all or part of the information on its site.
The ESRF website features hypertext links to other web sites managed by third parties. The ESRF has no control over these sites and can in no way be considered liable for their contents. The inclusion of such links does not necessarily mean that ESRF is aware of, or approves, their contents. Consequently, the ESRF cannot be held responsible for any failures of these sites. All and any risks incurred by virtue of visiting these linked sites, or using their contents, are taken entirely at the user's risk, and under the user's responsibility.
If you detect information that is inappropriate, or you have concerns regarding material on the web pages, we would be grateful if you could inform us by using the Feedback form, so that the material can be amended.
Staff Web pages
The ESRF provides facilities for staff members and students to create a personal web page. While the ESRF attempts to preview, review and routinely monitor the contents of these staff pages, in no event will the ESRF be held liable for any direct, indirect, special incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use of the information held on these pages. The authors of these pages are solely responsible for abiding by all relevant laws and ESRF policies, including those concerning copyright. Views expressed in these staff pages are the personal views of the authors and are not necessarily the views of ESRF, its staff or employees.
Where links on these pages take you to information provided by individuals or organisations on other Web sites, the ESRF cannot be held responsible for the content on those Web sites, nor does the ESRF endorse any of those sites. If you detect information that is inappropriate, or you have concerns regarding material on these pages, we would be grateful if you could inform us by using the Feedback form, so that the material can be amended.
Intellectual property and related rights
The ESRF site and all the elements forming part thereof, such as the various contents (photos, texts, diagrams, drawings and models, etc.), are protected by intellectual property rights in accordance with French copyright law.
As a result, any use or reproduction of all or part of these elements without prior written authorisation from the ESRF is strictly prohibited, with the exception of reproductions without changes or amendments made purely for purposes of creating private and personal copies in line with paragraph 2 of Article L.122-5 of the French Intellectual Property Law.
Brand names mentioned are the property of their respective owners.
Cookies
Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser.
Cookies do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your computer to refuse cookies by setting the parameters of your browser. Information on deleting or controlling cookies is available on the internet (e.g. www.AboutCookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org/).
Cookies are used on the www.esrf.eu site in a limited manner for site navigation purposes, to collect statistics about the behaviour of visitors to its websites or for access to third party services.
The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.
Collection of general data and information
The website of the ESRF collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
When using these general data and information, the ESRF does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. Therefore, the ESRF analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our institute, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
Subscription to our newsletters
On the website of the ESRF, users are given the opportunity to subscribe to a number of our institute's newsletters. The input masks used for this purpose determines what personal data are transmitted.
The ESRF informs its users, visitors and business partners regularly by means of newsletters about news and events. The institute's newsletters may only be received by the data subject if (1) the data subject has a valid e-mail address and (2) the data subject registers for the newsletter shipping. A confirmation e-mail will be sent to the e-mail address registered by a data subject for the first time for newsletter shipping, for legal reasons, in the double opt-in procedure. This confirmation e-mail is used to prove whether the owner of the e-mail address as the data subject is authorized to receive the newsletter.
The personal data collected as part of a registration for the newsletters will only be used to send our newsletters. In addition, subscribers to the newsletters may be informed by e-mail, as long as this is necessary for the operation of the newsletter service or a registration in question, as this could be the case in the event of modifications to the newsletter offer, or in the event of a change in technical circumstances. There will be no transfer of personal data collected by the newsletter service to third parties. The subscription to our newsletters may be terminated by the data subject at any time. The consent to the storage of personal data, which the data subject has given for shipping the newsletter, may be revoked at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter directly on the website of the controller (see http://www.esrf.eu/home/manage-your-subscriptions.html) or by communicating this to the controller in a different way (email).
Contact possibility via the website
The website of the ESRF contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our institute, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general e-mail address. If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.
Data protection provisions about the application and use of Matomo
On this website, the controller has integrated the Matomo component. Matomo is an open-source software tool for web analysis. Web analysis is the collection, gathering and evaluation of data on the behavior of visitors from Internet sites. A web analysis tool collects, inter alia, data on the website from which a data subject came to a website (so-called referrer), which pages of the website were accessed or how often and for which period of time a sub-page was viewed. A web analysis is mainly used for the optimization of a website and the cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.
The software is operated on the server of the controller, the data protection-sensitive log files are stored exclusively on this server.
The purpose of the Matomo component is the analysis of the visitor flows on our website. The controller uses the obtained data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of this website in order to compile online reports, which show the activities on our Internet pages.
Matomo sets a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, an analysis of the use of our website is enabled. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this website, via  Matomo component, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to submit data for the purpose of online analysis to our server. During the course of this technical procedure, the following information is stored:
the anonymised ip address of the visitor, i.e with the last 2 bytes masked (e.g. 192.168.xxx.xxx)
the visitor's operating system (for example Windows, Mac, etc.),
the date and time of the visit to the site,
the pages accessed,
if the visitor follows a link to get to the page, the address (URL) of the page containing the link,
the type of browser used.
These personal data are stored by us. We do not forward this personal data to third parties.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the used Internet browser would also prevent Matomo from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Matomo may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data relating to a use of this Internet site that are generated by Matomo as well as the processing of these data by Matomo and the chance to preclude any such. For this, the data subject must set a "Do Not Track" option in the browser.
When users have set their web browser to "I do not want to be tracked" (DoNotTrack is enabled) then Matomo will not track these visits.  Do Not Track is a technology and policy proposal that enables users to opt out of tracking by websites they do not visit, including analytics services, advertising networks, and social platforms.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Matomo may be retrieved under https://matomo.org/privacy/.
Use of other tools and products
fancyBox licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 3.0 license
Credits
Web design: La Haute Société Grenoble, France
Web development: Ngoar London, UK
CMS: Digital Experience Manager
Pictures: Pierre Jayet, Stef Candé, Max Alexander, Mc Bride, Montero Verdu, Denis Morel, @Elyxyak, Chantal Argoud
Library
Safety
User portal
Staff login
Site maps
Legal/Credits
Contacts
Staff web pages
Events
Feedback
Manage subscriptions
NEWSLETTER
Subscribe to our newsletter and receive the latest news from the ESRF
partners
European Synchrotron Radiation Facility - 71, avenue des Martyrs, CS 40220, 38043 Grenoble Cedex 9, France.