https://www.pik-potsdam.de/en/privacy-policy
Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research
En
De
Log in
Institute
About
Research Departments
FutureLabs
Scientific Networks
Contact
People
Directors
Staff
Alumni
Career
Topics
Weather, Extremes & Atmosphere
Ice, Oceans & Sea Level Rise
Land Use, Food, Water & Ecosystems
Climate Policy, Economics & Energy
Health, Security & Development
Complex Networks, Machine Learning & Decision Theory
Planetary Boundaries, Tipping Elements & Global Commons
Output
Publications
Projects
Policy Advice
Software, Data & Models
Knowledge & Technology Transfer
Climate & Weather Potsdam
ClimateImpactsOnline
Info Desk
News
Latest News
PIK in the Media
Public Events
Jobs
Media Contact
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Potsdam-Institut für Klimafolgenforschung e.V. (PIK, Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research) takes the protection of personal data very seriously. We undertake to protect the individual privacy of all persons who use our websites, and to treat any personal data provided in strictest confidence. The data shall exclusively be used for the purposes indicated and not be disclosed to third parties.
You may contact us using the contact details provided under Clause 1 and 2 of this Privacy Policy.
1. Name and Address of the Controller
The Controller within the meaning of the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("EU GDPR") and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is:
Potsdam-Institut für Klimafolgenforschung (PIK) e.V.
Prof Dr Ottmar Edenhofer Prof Dr Johan RockströmTelegrafenberg A 31P.O.B. 60 12 03D-14473 PotsdamTelephone: +49(0)331/288-2500Email: datenschutzanfrage@pik-potsdam.deWebsite: https://www.pik-potsdam.de
2. Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer
Potsdam-Institut für Klimafolgenforschung (PIK) e.V.Dr -Ing Thomas NockeTelegrafenberg A 56D-14473 PotsdamTelephone: +49(0)331/288-2626Email: datenschutz@pik-potsdam.de
3. Provision of the Website and Creation of Log Files
3.1 Description and Scope of Data Processing
With every visit to our website, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the visiting computer. In particular, the following data are hereby collected:
the visited address (URL);
the IP address of the requesting computer;
the date and the time of the request;
the description of the web browser type used and/or the operating system used;
the address (URL) of the website from which the file was requested;
the access status (file transferred, file not found, etc.);
the data volume transferred.
The data shall also be stored in the log files of our system. This data shall not be stored together with other personal data of the user.
3.2 Legal Basis and Purpose of the Processing
Legal basis for the temporary storage of the data and the log files is Art. 6 (1) ( f) EU GDPR which is required for safeguarding the legitimate interests of the PIK.
The temporary storage of the IP address through our system is necessary to allow the delivery of the website to the computer of the user. For this purpose, the IP address of the user must be stored for the duration of the session.
The data are stored in log files to ensure the functionality of the website. In addition, we use the data to optimize our website and to ensure the safety of our information technology systems. In this context, the data shall not be evaluated for marketing purposes.
Our legitimate interest in the processing pursuant to Art. 6 (1) ( f) EU GDPR lies also in these purposes. You may request additional information on the balancing of interests under datenschutz@pik-potsdam.de.
3.3 Duration of Data Recording
The data shall be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for the purpose for which they are collected. Where data are collected for the provision of the website, this is the case when a session ends.
In case data are stored in log files, this is the case no later than after six months. A data recording beyond that is possible in an anonymized form. In such case the users' IP addresses will be erased or encrypted, thus making an identification of the visiting client impossible.
3.4 Requirement to Provide Data
The provision of data is neither legally nor contractually prescribed and required. The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of data in log files is, however, urgently necessary for the operation of the website.
The non-provision of personal data could involve detriments for you. For instance, this could have the consequence that you cannot receive or use our services (e.g. an access to the website may not be possible). However, you will not incur any legal disadvantages from such non-provision unless provided otherwise.
4. Use of Cookies
4.1 Description and Scope of Data Processing
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored on the internet browser and/or through the internet browser on the computer system of the user. If a user visits a website , then a cookie may be stored on the operating system of the user. This cookie contains a distinctive sequence of characters which facilitates an unequivocal identification of the browser when the website is accessed again.
We use cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some elements of our website require that the requesting browser can also be identified after a page change.
The cookies we use are so-called "session cookies". While the difference between our own cookies and third parties´ cookies refers to the question who controls the setting of cookies on your mobile device, the classification as session cookie depends on the "lifetime" of the cookie. They are automatically deleted when you close the browser.
4.2 Cookies Used on our Website
We require cookies for the following applications:
adaption of language settings (allows switching between the German and the English language) as well as
login information.
The user data collected by technically necessary cookies shall not be used to create user profiles.
4.3 Legal Basis and Purpose of the Processing
The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies is Art. 6 (1) (f) EU GDPR.
The purpose of the application of technically necessary cookies is to simplify the use of websites for the users. Some functions of our website cannot be offered without the application of cookies. For those functions, it is required that the browser can be recognized even after a page change.
Our legitimate interest in the processing of personal data pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) EU GDPR lies also in these purposes. You may request additional information on the balancing of interests under datenschutz@pik-potsdam.de.
4.4 Duration of the Storage, Possibility to Object and to Dispose
Cookies are stored on the user´s computer and are transmitted from this computer to our website. Therefore, as user you also have full control over the use of cookies. You may deactivate or limit the transfer of cookies by changing the settings of your internet browser. Cookies already stored may be deleted at any time. This can also be carried out automically. Where cookies are deactivated for our website, possibly not all functions of the website can be fully used.
5. Use of Social Media
5.1 YouTube Videos
We incorporate YouTube videos into our website. This relates to a video portal of YouTube LLC., 901 Cherry Ave., 94066 San Bruno, CA, USA („YouTube“). Youtube is a subsidiary of Google LLC., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter only referred to as "Google".
By certification in accordance with the EU-US Privacy Shield
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active.
Google and therefore also the YouTube subsidiary guarantees that the data protection regulations of the EU are also observed when data are processed in the US.
We use YouTube in connection with the function "Extended Data Protection Mode" to be able to display videos for you. The legal basis is Art. 6 (1) (f) EU GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the quality improvement of our website. You may request additional information on the balancing of interests under datenschutz@pik-potsdam.de. The function "Extended Data Protection Mode" according to YouTube has the effect that the data described in more detail below are only transmitted to the Server of YouTube if you actually start a video.
Without this "Extended Data Protection", a connection will be established to the server of YouTube in the US, as soon as you access our websites in which a Youtube video is embedded.
This connection is necessary to be able to display the respective video on our website via your internet browser. In the course of this, YouTube will at least collect and process your IP address, the date and the time as well as the website you are visiting. In addition, a connection is established to the Google´s advertising network "DoubleClick".
If you are logged into YouTube at the same time, YouTube allocates the connection information to your YouTube account. If you would like to prevent this you either have to log off from YouTube before visiting our website or adjust the respective settings in your YouTube user account.
For the purpose of functionality and for the analysis of usage behaviour, YouTube permanently stores cookies via your internet browser on your device. If you do not agree with this processing you have the option of refusing the storage of cookies through a setting in your internet browser. Please find further information in the section "Use of Cookies".
Further information on the collection and use of data as well as your corresponding rights and means of protection is provided by Google in the data privacy notice available at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
5.2 Social Media Plug-Ins
Plug-ins and the related social media are offers of third parties not associated with us.
If you use our internet service, no personal data are initially communicated to the provider of the plug-ins. We incorporate deactivated social media buttons into our website (2 click method) which do not establish a contact with the servers of Facebook, Twitter and Google+ by clicking on the button without consent. Only after you have activated the social media buttons plug-ins and thus have given your consent to the communication with Facebook, Google+ or Twitter, the buttons become active and establish the connection. Subsequently, you can transmit your recommendation with a second click. If you are already logged into the respective social network of your choice, this occurs without an additional window on Facebook and Google+. On Twitter a pop-up window appears in which you can still edit the text of the tweet.
The legal basis for the processing of the data after your consent is Art. 6 (1) (a) EU GDPR, which you give by activating the button (1st click).
5.2.1 Twitter
Functions of the service Twitter are embedded in our website. These functions are offered by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
By using Twitter and the function "Re-Tweet" the websites you visited are linked to your Twitter account and disclosed to other users. In doing so, the data are also transmitted to Twitter.
Please note that we do not obtain knowledge of the content of the transmitted data as well as their use by Twitter. For further information on the processing of your personal data by Twitter please refer to the data protection information of Twitter under https://twitter.com/de/privacy .
By certification in accordance with the EU-US Privacy Shield
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TORzAAO&status=Active.
Twitter guarantees that the data protection regulations of the EU are also observed when data are processed in the US. You can change your privacy settings on Twitter in the account settings under https://twitter.com/account/settings.
6. Applications
You can find further information in our privacy policy for applicantson the corresponding page of the job advertisements of the PIK.
7. Forms
7.1 Press Distribution List
7.1.1 Description and Scope of the Data Processing
On our website, you have the option to subscribe to our press distribution list. In doing so, the following data from the input mask are transmitted to us during registration:
First name, last name
Email address
Telephone number
Name of the medium or the institution/organisation
For the processing of data your consent shall be obtained within the scope of the registration process and reference shall be made to this Privacy Policy.
In connection with the data processing for sending emails to the press distribution list, there will be no disclosure of data to third parties. The data shall exclusively be used for sending out press releases.
7.1.2. Legal Basis and Purpose of the Processing
The legal basis for the processing of the data after your subscription to the press distribution list is Art. 6 (1) (a) EU GDPR when your consent is given.
We will only use your data for the communication with you, for example by sending information of the Potsdam-Institut für Klimafolgenforschung e.V. (Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research, PIK), usually by email, in exceptional cases also for telephone contact.
7.1.3 Duration of Data Recording
An informal notice by email to presse@pik-potsdam.de is sufficient for this.
We will store your data until your subscription to the press distribution list is cancelled. An informal notice by email to presse@pik-potsdam.de is sufficient for this.
7.1.4 Possibility to Object and to Dispose
The provision of data is neither legally nor contractually prescribed and required. You can cancel your subscription to the press distribution list at any time. For this purpose, there is a corresponding note in each press release.
7.2 Alumni Registration
7.2.1 Description and Scope of Data Processing
It is possible as alumni to maintain in contact with PIK on our website. In so doing, only data, which you enter on the input mask, will be transmitted to us. They include in particular:
Title
Last name
First name(s)
Permanent email address
Nationality
Your time at PIK: Joined PIK (year)/Left PIK (year)
Guest researchers: Year of your last visit to PIK
Organisational Unit/Other
Did you do your doctorate at PIK? If yes, when?
Last position at PIK (e.g. Guest researcher; Postdoc, Senior Scientist)
Guest researchers: Scholarship / fellowship from (Were you awarded a scholarship or fellowship to visit PIK? From which organization?)
Collaborations (Which scientists or groups at PIK do you still collaborate with?)
Your expertise: Please give your expertise or main research topics as keywords (e.g. land use change, migration, energy systems, impact assessments, model validation ...).
Current institution
Current job title
Postal address
Email address (if different from above)
Country
Homepage / personal website (URL)
Photo
For the processing of data your consent shall be obtained within the scope of the registration process and reference shall be made to this Privacy Policy. The data shall be stored in a database with limited access rights.
A part of the data entered by you (last name, first name, title, expertise, institutions, photo, if uploaded) may be shown by us on the alumni page of PIK if you have given your consent. All data shall be processed for the above-mentioned purposes by a small group of responsible persons and transferred - upon request - to the staff members of PIK.
7.2.2. Legal Basis and Purpose of the Processing
We shall process your personal data provided to us for our alumni database on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (a) EU GDPR subject to your consent.
Your data shall be processed by us to inform you about PIK news and relevant local events and to invite you to the events of PIK. Furthermore, your data could be used to contact you with regard to research cooperations as well as conferences and other research-relevant subjects. If you have given your consent, a part of your data shall be published on the alumni website of PIK for purposes of research networking.
7.2.3 Duration of Data Recording
We record and store your personal data until you revoke your consent. The data shall then be deleted promptly from our database.
7.3 REMIND Model Source Code
7.3.1. Legal Basis and Purpose of the Processing
This form is aimed at providing users via email with a download link for the REMIND Model Source Code. For this purpose we collect your personal data:
First name
Last name
Email address
Country
Organization / institution
7.3.2. Requirement to provide Data
The provision of data is neither legally nor contractually prescribed and required. We have a legitimate interest to collect such data from you (Art. 6 (1) (a) EU GDPR) to be able to understand the proper use of the source code pursuant to the license in individual cases. Furthermore, we conduct an anonymised statistics of the regional distribution of functions. The non-provision of personal data could involve detriments for you. For example, it could be possible that you are unable to download our model code. However, you will not incur any legal disadvantages from such non-provision unless provided otherwise.
7.3.3 Duration of Data Recording
We record and store your personal data for a period of five years after downloading of the source code; thereafter your data shall be deleted.
8. Email Contact
8.1 Description and Scope of Data Processing
Contact through various email addresses (e.g. director@pik-potsdam.de; presse@pik-potsdam.de) provided is possible. In this case the personal data of the email sender transmitted via email shall be recorded. In this connection there will be no disclosure of data to third parties. The data shall exclusively be used for the processing of conversation.
8.2 Legal Basis and Purpose of the Processing
The legal basis for the processing of data transmitted within the course of forwarding an email is Art. 6 (1) (f) EU GDPR, i.e. the contact via email. Is the email contact aimed at concluding a contract, then an additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) EU GDPR.
Purpose of the processing is the correspondence with you.
8.3 Duration of Data Recording
Insofar as we do no longer need your data in order to handle your request, your personal data will be deleted. This is the case, as a rule, at the end of the conversation with you unless it can be inferred from the circumstances that the specific facts have not been finally clarified (e.g. in case of continued handling of your request or to clarify potential conflicts).
8.4. Requirement to provide Data
The provision of such data is neither legally nor contractually prescribed and required. However, we need such data to communicate with you. Under certain circumstances the failure to provide such data can ensue that we are unable to communicate with you any further. However, you will not incur any legal disadvantages from such non-provision unless indicated otherwise.
9. Use of Matomo
9.1 Description and Scope of Data Processing
We use Matomo to analyse the surfing behaviour of the visitors of our website. For this purpose we use the log-file analysis of Matomo.
If individual pages of this website are visited, then, in particular, the following data will be recorded:
the called address (URL);
Your IP address (anonymised);
the date and the time of the request;
the description of the web browser type used and/or the operating system used, and
the address (URL) of the website from which the file was requested.
Matomo is an open-source software which is operated exclusively on the servers of PIK. Such data will not be disclosed to third parties.
After collection of the IP-address the latter will be anonymised. Thus, the IP-address cannot be attributed to you any longer.
9.2 Legal Basis and Purpose of the Processing
The legal basis for the use of Matomo is Art. 6 (1) (f) EU GDPR to organise and improve the processing - due to our legitimate interest - in a more user-friendly manner by observing the visitor figures of our website. In particular, by the anonymisation of your IP-address will adequately account for your interests.
9.3 Duration of Data Recording
We will delete your anonymised IP-addresses within the scope of the Matomo-analysis as soon as we do no longer need them for organising and improving our website. As a rule, this is the case after six months.
9.4. Requirement to provide Data
The provision of personal data is neither legally nor contractually prescribed and required. However, the provision of such data is required to visit our website. If you do not provide us with your data it is possible that you cannot fully use all functions of the PIK-website. You will not incur any legal disadvantages from the failure to provide such data.
10. Rights of the Data Subject
If your personal data are processed, then you are a data subject within the meaning of the EU GDPR and you shall have the following rights vis-à-vis the Controller:
10.1 Right of Access (Art. 15 EU GDPR)
You shall have the right to obtain from the Controller confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed by us.
And where that is the case you may demand from the Controller information about the following:
The purposes for which the personal data are being processed;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been or will be disclosed;
the envisaged period for which the personal data concerning you will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the Controller rectification or erasure of the personal data concerning you or restriction of processing of the personal data concerning you or to object to such processing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling referred to in Art. 22 (1) and (4) EU GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
You shall have a right to be informed whether the personal data concerning you are transferred to a third country or to an international organization. In this connection you are entitled to be informed of the appropriate safeguards pursuant to Art. 46 EU GDPR relating to the transfer.
This right to be informed may be restricted insofar as it is likely that it makes the realization of the research or statistical purposes impossible or seriously interferes with them and the limitation is required for complying with the research and statistical purposes.
10.2 Right to Rectification (Art. 16 EU GDPR)
You shall have the right to obtain from the Controller rectification and/or completion if the processed personal data concerning you are inaccurate or incomplete. The Controller shall rectify such data without undue delay.
Your right to rectification may be restricted insofar as it is likely that it makes the realization of the research or statistical purposes impossible or seriously interferes with them, and the restriction is required for complying with the research and statistical purposes.
10.3 Right to Restriction of Processing (Art. 18 EU GDPR)
Subject to the following requirements you may request restriction of the processing of the personal data concerning you:
If you contest the accuracy of the personal data concerning you for a period enabling the Controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
if the processing is unlawful and if you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request the restriction of their use instead;
if the Controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing, but if you need them for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or
if you have objected to processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) EU GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the Controller override yours.
If the processing of the personal data concerning you has been restricted, then such data - apart from their storage - may only be processed subject to your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another individual or legal entity or for reasons of an important public interest in the Union or a member state.
If the restriction of the processing was restricted pursuant to the above-mentioned requirements, you will be informed by the Controller before such restriction is removed.
Your right to restriction of the processing may be restricted insofar as it is likely that it renders the realization of the research or statistical purposes impossible or seriously interferes with them, and the restriction is required for complying with the research and statistical purposes.
10.4 Right to Erasure / "Right to be Forgotten" (Art. 17 EU GDPR)
10.4.1 Obligation to Erase
You shall have the right to request the Controller to erase the personal data concerning you without undue delay. The Controller shall be obliged to erase such data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies:
The personal data concerning you are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
You withdraw your consent on which the processing is based according to Art. 6 (1) (a) or Art. 9 (2) (a) EU GDPR, and there is no other legal ground for the processing.
You object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) EU GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or you object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (2) EU GDPR.
The personal data concerning you have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data concerning you have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the Controller is subject.
The personal data concerning you have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Art. 8 (1) EU GDPR.
10.4.2 Information to Third Parties
Where the Controller has made the personal data concerning you public and is obliged pursuant to Art. 17 (1) EU GDPR to erase them, the Controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform controllers which are processing the personal data that you as data subject have requested the erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data.
10.4.3 Exceptions
The right to erasure shall not apply to the extent that the processing is necessary for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information;
for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing by Union or Member State law to which the Controller is subject or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Controller;
for reasons of public interest in the area of public health in accordance with Art. 9 (2) (h) and (i) as well as Art. 9 (3) EU GDPR;
for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes in accordance with Art. 89 (1) EU GDPR insofar as the right referred to in lit. a) is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the objectives of that processing;
for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
10.4.4 Right to be Informed
If you have asserted the right to rectification, erasure or restriction of the processing vis-à-vis the Controller, the latter shall be obliged to notify all recipients, to whom the personal data concerning you have been disclosed, of that rectification or erasure of the data or restriction of processing unless this proves to be impossible or is connected with unreasonable efforts.
You shall have the right vis-à-vis the Controller to be informed about these recipients.
10.4.5 Right to Data Portability (Art. 20 EU GDPR)
You shall have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to the Controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. Furthermore, you shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the Controller to which the personal data have been provided, where
the processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) EU GDPR or Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (b) EU GDPR; and
the processing is carried out by automated means.
In exercising this right you shall have the right to have the personal data concerning you transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible. Freedoms and rights of other persons shall not be adversely affected hereby.
The right to data portability shall not apply to processing of personal data necessary for a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of public authority vested in the Controller.
10.4.6 Right to Object (Art. 21 EU GDPR)
You shall have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning you which is based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f) EU GDPR; this shall also apply to a profiling based on this provision. The Controller shall no longer process the personal data concerning you unless the Controller demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Where personal data concerning you are processed for direct marketing purposes, you shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning you for such marketing purposes, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. Where you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data concerning you shall no longer be processed for such purposes.
In the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, you may exercise your right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
Where personal data concerning you are processed for scientific or historical research or statistical purposes pursuant to Art. 89 (1) EU GDPR, you, on grounds relating to your particular situation, shall also have the right to object to processing of personal data concerning you. Your right to object may be restricted insofar as it is likely that it renders the realization of the research or statistical purposes impossible or seriously impairs them, and the limitation is required for complying with the research or statistical purposes.
10.4.7 Right to Withdraw the Data Privacy Declaration of Consent (Art. 7 (3) sentence 1 EU GDPR)
You shall have the right to withdraw and revoke your data privacy declaration of consent at any time with effect for the future. The withdrawal and revocation of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal and revocation. You may withdraw and revoke your consent as follows: The relevant information is included in the appropriate consent form. As a rule, an informal notification by email is sufficient.
10.4.8 Automated Individual Decision-Making, including Profiling (Art. 22 EU GDPR)
You shall have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing , including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you. This shall not apply if the decision:
is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract between you and the Controller;
is authorised by Union or Member State law to which the Controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests; or
is based on your explicit consent.
However, these decisions must not be based on particular categories of personal data pursuant to Art. 9 (1) EU GDPR unless Art. 9 (2) (a) or (g) EU GDPR applies and reasonable measures have been taken to protect your rights and freedoms as well as your legitimate interests.
With regard to the cases referred to in points (1) and (3) the Controller shall implement reasonable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms as well as legitimate interests, at least, the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the Controller, to express your point of view and to contest the decision.
10.4.9 Right to Lodge a Complaint with a Supervisory Authority (Art. 77 EU GDPR)
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you shall have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes the EU GDPR.
The supervisory authority with which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the complainant on the progress and the outcome of the complaint including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Art. 78 EU GDPR.
Accessibility
Impressum
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Search Site
only in current section