http://www.iter.org/privacy-policy
...
Privacy and protection of personal data
See images
Share
Tweet
Privacy and protection of personal data
The ITER Organization protects your personal information by putting in place the necessary policies and practices to ensure that it is only used for the purpose you provided such information for, and is not used in any manner incompatible with the legitimacy of the goals it serves. This also means that only persons who have a special "need to know" will have access to your personal information.      For example, if you provide us with information because you have applied for a job at the ITER Organization, the Human Resources Department will only use your information for job application purposes. If you have provided us with your email address because you wish to receive information about our activities, this is the only purpose for which our Communication colleagues would use your email address. "Privacy policy" and "privacy notice" are all terms that refer to the efforts we make to protect your privacy and personal data, and the explanations and examples we have provided to that effect here.
ITER Organization and your personal data
The ITER Organization is an international organization established by the Agreement on the Establishment of the ITER International Fusion Energy Organization (learn more in Legal Resources). As an intergovernmental organization, ITER Organization is not subject to national or European regulations in matters of personal data protection. However, security of information and personal data are very important for the ITER Organization and it applies high standards and modern practices in matters of privacy and protection of personal data. These include a set of internal rules, regulations and guidelines in all matters concerning data protection, acceptable use, as well as personal and organizational conduct of activities.
Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer to improve your experience. If you have subscribed to newsletter or email subscriptions, for example, cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and to show certain notifications that might only be valid to subscribed users. If you fill out an online user survey or questionnaire, cookies may be used to remember who has already taken part in a survey or to provide you with accurate results after you change pages. In some special cases, we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties, for example Google Analytics. You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help function). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. For more information, contact webmaster@iter.org.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. As a general practice, we do not collect sensitive information. When you submit your personal information via this website, it is protected both online and offline. All information received by ITER Organization, including your personal information, is securely stored by us. Our systems and facilities enjoy high standards of security and maintenance. Wherever we collect your information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for a lock sign at the beginning of the address of the web page. Please be reminded that the Internet is generally not regarded as a completely secure environment, and therefore that the confidentiality of your data provided via our websites or by e-mail cannot be guaranteed—especially whilst in transit via the Internet to us.
Additional elements
Additional elements of our privacy policy which we believe are important to mention: ITER Organization will never use, sell or otherwise disclose your personal information for marketing purposes. Unless you have requested us to do so, we will never contact you directly. Your personal data is not kept beyond serving the purpose it was provided for. This Privacy Policy only applies to the ITER Organization website. Even if we link to other websites, the ITER Organization is not responsible for content or practices found there, and can therefore not address your queries with respect to other sites' privacy policies. We recommend that you to check the privacy policies of such other websites if you need more information. The ITER Organization may update its Privacy Policy and practice from time to time. We will strive to update this page accordingly and without much delay.
Contact
For any questions which are not addressed on this page or elsewhere on this website (such as how to verify or rectify your personal data), you can contact us at itercommunications@iter.org. Please note that we are not likely to respond to queries which are manifestly superfluous, excessive or otherwise abusive of this policy.