https://www.tpgroupglobal.com/terms-and-conditions
Home > Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
General Statement of Intent
TP Group plc takes reasonable care of all personal data, ensuring it is kept secure and preventing any unauthorised access or unlawful use of it. All information is processed in accordance with the applicable UK data protection legislation and The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Collection of Personal Data
The GDPR states that personal data may only be collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes.
TP Group plc collects personal data from clients, suppliers and shareholders as follows:
Where a client contracts with us for the provision of any goods or services, we will collect contact details about the individuals within the client organisation, e.g. names, email addresses and telephone numbers.
If you contact us for any other purpose, for example prospective sales enquiries, responses to job advertisements, shareholder enquiries, general company information requests and/or marketing enquiries, we may keep a record of that contact and the information you provide us with at that time including your name, e-mail address, correspondence address and telephone number).
If you ask to be added to our marketing database, we will collect your name, the name of your company/organisation (if any), email address and your preferences as to the types of marketing information you would like to receive from us.
If your personal data is on publicly available sources (such as LinkedIn and Companies House) then we may collect your personal data that is available on these sources including your name, the name of your company/organisation (if any), the name of any former company/organisations you have worked for or have connections with (if any) and details of your job history and/or qualifications.
Use of Personal Data
The GDPR states that personal data must be processed lawfully, fairly and transparently.
The personal data collected by TP Group plc may be used for a number of different purposes as follows:
Where a client contracts with us for the provision of any goods or services, we will use the contact details about the individuals within the client organisation to perform our contractual obligations and for ancillary internal management purposes which are compatible with the original purpose.If you contact us for a prospective sales enquiry, we will use the information provided to deal with that enquiry, on the basis that we have a legitimate interest to do so (e.g. to follow up prospective sales leads and support tendering activities as well as for ancillary record keeping and internal management purposes).
If you contact us to make a complaint, we will use the information provided to respond to the complaint, on the basis that we have a legitimate interest to do so (e.g. to enable us to ensure that you are satisfied with our services and to ensure that our business remains competitive in the market).
If you ask to be added to our marketing database, we will use your details on the basis of your consent to send marketing information to you in accordance with your stated preferences (as you may update them from time to time).Information which we collect from publicly available sources (such as LinkedIn and Companies House) will be used for assessing the legitimacy of your enquiries (for example that you are a director of a company seeking to enter into a contract with TP Group), and verifying that any key information you provide to us (for example employment history) is accurate.
We may use information which is provided to us to fulfill our legal obligations, e.g. making HMRC payments, complying with AIM market and Market Abuse Regulation requirements.
Back to Top
tpgroup is a global professional services and technology partner with a unique end-to-end approach.
Who we are
What we do
News, events & insights
Careers
Investors
Contact Us
Key Links
Westek Rugged IT
Renewable Energy Systems
Hydrogen Energy
Digital solutions
Follow Us
© TP Group 2020
Cookie Policy
|
Privacy and Cookies
|
Terms and Conditions
|
Modern Slavery Act
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.