http://www.risatech.com/privacy
Products
Learn
Support
Contact
Login
Buy
Try RISA for Free
RISA Tech, Inc. Privacy Policy
Effective as of March 25, 2020
This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes how RISA Tech, Inc. (“RISA, “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, stores, and processes the information we collect from users of our website. We take your privacy seriously and strive to provide our Services with the protection of your information in mind. This Privacy Policy applies to your use of our website located at risa.com, all subdomains thereof, any other websites and online offerings operated by RISA which link to this Privacy Policy, whether accessed via computer or mobile device (the “Services”). This Policy does not apply to third-party properties, or RISA properties that contain other privacy policies. We offer our customers the ability to log in to our customer portal through our website. We may collect aggregated statistics about how users access and use our portal, and such collection is governed by this Privacy Policy. Any other information that we collect through your use, and our customers’ use, of our customer portal is governed by the terms of our agreement with the relevant customer.
This Privacy Policy is divided into the following sections:
Summary
Resolution of Disputes
Information Collected
Use of Information We Collect
Disclosure and Sharing of Information
Cookies and Web Beacons
Confidentiality and Security
Links
Provider Software
Minors Under the Age of 18
Additional Terms
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@risa.com.
Section 1. Summary
Our Policy is provided to you to explain and describe to you how we collect, use, share, and disclose information collected via our Services. The following bullets provide a brief summary of some of the central features of our privacy practices, but you are encouraged to read the entirety of our Policy to gain a complete understanding of our privacy practices.
We collect information (including personal information from you in two principal ways, including information that you give to us and information that we collect from your use of our Service.
We may share your personal information with non-affiliated entities in certain circumstances, including as necessary to provide you with our Services or certain aspects thereof, or in our discretion, and where permitted by applicable law to non-affiliated entities for our or their own purposes, such as when we share information with other entities whose products or services integrate with ours. You can learn more about our information sharing practices below, by reviewing the “Disclosure and Sharing of Information” section below.
You may review and under certain circumstances, update your personal information by contacting us at privacy@risa.com.
While we cannot guarantee that your information will remain secure, we do use commercially reasonable efforts to secure your information.
Our Services are not directed to people under 18, as further set forth in the section titled “Regarding Children” below.
Section 2. Resolution of Disputes
By using our Services, you acknowledge that your personal information will be handled as described in this Privacy Policy. Your use of our Services, and any disputes over privacy, are subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including its applicable limitations on damages and resolution of disputes. The Terms of Use are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy.
Section 3. Information Collected
We collect information, including personal information, directly from you, from other entities, and automatically as you use our Services.
Information you give to us
We collect information that you give to us. To the extent that our Services require you to submit information about yourself, for example through our Contact Us form or in connection with setting up an account, in order to establish an account, use our Services, and/or receive information about our Services, we will collect and hold such information.
The most common ways in which we collect personal information include:
Registration for an account to utilize our Services;
Signing up to receive email newsletters from us;
Requesting assistance from customer service or others at the Company;
Participating in survey, special events, and promotions;
Engaging in transactions through or utilizing our Services; and
Other areas of our Services where you knowingly volunteer information.
If you represent a business and want to utilize our Services on behalf of such business, you may be asked to provide information such as a business name, website URL, telephone number, physical address, email address, credit card information, and other contact information (all of the foregoing, “Business Information”). Business Information may also include a business’s opt-in to receive additional information regarding Services that we provide. Some of the Business Information you provide to us may be personal information.
Information we collect from other Sources
We may obtain information about you from your employer, e.g. as an authorized person to use our Services or a contact for billing or other inquiries. In addition, we collect information about you from unaffiliated entities when we purchase lists that include contact information for individuals who may be interested in our products and services.
Information we gather from your use of our Services
Just like many other websites, we collect information about what parts of our Services you use and how you use them using cookies and other technologies. Information we may collect includes, without limitation:
Location information such as your geolocation when you use our Services from a mobile device and/or mobile application.
Device information such as your hardware model, operating system, operating system version, mobile device type, unique identifiers from your computer or mobile device, application download information, and/or IP address.
Computer or browser information such as your system activity, the domain name of the web site from which you linked to our Services, the time and duration of your use of our Services and any browser type, and browser language. In addition, we use Google Ads to collect the search terms you used to find our website and your IP address or referring URL. For more information about Google’s privacy practices, please see https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
For more information regarding what cookies are and how you can manage them as part of your use of our Services, please see the section titled “Cookies and Web Beacons” below. We may also use unique identifiers, Flash cookies, web beacons, web server log information, or other technologies to collect information about you. In addition to the information that we collect from you for our own Services, we may collect information from you for service providers to assist us in providing our Services to you.
Section 4. Use of Information We Collect
Generally, we collect information from you and our other users to administer our business activities and to measure and improve our Services.
We use the information we collect from and about you in order to:
Fulfill orders and provide you with the Services your request from us;
Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and provide you with information about features and functions of our Services;
Communicate with you about changes to our policies and our Services;
Personalize content and experiences available to you through our Services;
Send you newsletters, offers, and promotions for our Services, products and services of other entities (including our partners and other entities whose products and service integrate with ours), or special events by email or via other media;
Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests, including advertising based on your activity on our Services;
Send you updates about our products and services;
Administer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and surveys;
Optimize or improve our Services and business operations;
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or applicable law;
Share it with Providers (as defined below) to the extent needed to provide you with our Services as well as any offerings from unaffiliated entities made available through our Services (however, please note that the privacy policies of the relevant entity, not ours, will apply to any such offerings);
Comply with applicable laws and other legal process; and
Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of our Services and their purchasing patterns.
If we send you promotional emails, you may opt-out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving emails about recommendations or other promotional information we think may interest you, we may still send you emails about your account or any Services you have requested or received from us.
In addition, information collected from end-users, including you, may be used in aggregate form to, among other things, determine the total number of end-users who are using our Services, prepare utilization reports for our internal business purposes, diagnose and fix compatibility problems or other problems with our Services, and perform statistical analyses to enable us to build higher quality, more useful online Services.
We use Business Information for the purposes described above and to create accounts for businesses, to communicate changes to the Services, to improve the Services, to provide anonymous reporting for our internal purposes, and to market RISA products and services to such businesses.
We may combine your personal information that we have with other information that we obtain from business partners or other companies.
Section 5. Disclosure and Sharing of Information
In providing our Services to you, we may find it necessary or beneficial to share your information with our service providers, including our credit card processing services, our advertising service providers, and other entities that assist us in connection with the provision of the Services, such as hosting partners (collectively, “Providers”) or allow such Providers to gather information directly from you.
Some of this information that you provide to us or our Providers may include your personal information such as in the following circumstances:
Providers: We provide your personal information to Providers who work with us to provide our Services. Our Services with which our Providers may assist us include among other things, communicating with you about new or existing RISA services or services offered by unaffiliated entities such as our partners or entities providing products or services that integrate with ours, creating or maintaining our databases, researching or analyzing our users, advertising (including online advertising) or processing payment card information.
Partners: We share information with our partners and other entities whose products integrate with ours.
Affiliates: As permitted by applicable law, we may share your personal information with any and all of our Affiliates. “Affiliate” means any entity controlled by, controlling, or under common control with RISA. Our Affiliates will use and distribute your information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Legal Issues: RISA will use or share your personal information with law enforcement and other parties, as it deems appropriate in its sole discretion, in order to prevent, or take action regarding any illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the terms of our Services, or as otherwise required by law. We will also use your personal information to the extent necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Business Transactions: If in the future we sell or transfer our assets or portions of our business, someone invests in us, or if we experience a change in control, reorganization or bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar process, we may transfer information to our successor or buyer or other person involved in the transaction.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information: We may share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes. We reserve the right to share aggregated data publicly and with others.
Section 6. Cookies and Web Beacons
When you use our Services, a cookie that uniquely identifies your IP address, your browser and the portion of our Services that you have requested (such as webpage) may be sent from your computer or mobile device directly to us.
Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology that include cookies) are comprised of small bits of data that often include de-identified and anonymous user information and/or identifiers. We may use these technologies to collect and store information about you and your usage of our Services, such as the content you view within our Services, purchases you have made or have indicated an interest in making in respect of our Services, search queries you have run, and any advertisements you may have seen. We also use cookies to improve the quality of our Services (for example, by fulfilling your language, account recognition, filtering and other preferences) and to better understand how people interact with our Services (for example, by tracking user trends and patterns associated with the use of our Services). Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some aspects of the Services may not function properly without cookies. If you would like more information about cookies and how to control and delete cookies in various browsers, such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Opera and Chrome, please click here.
We may work with advertising companies (our Providers) who may also utilize flash or enhanced cookies or web beacons to better provide advertisements about goods and services, including our Services, that may be of interest to you. As a result, we may also deliver a file to your computer through the Services (known as a “web beacon”) from an advertising network Provider. Web beacons allows advertising networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us and for other advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. These beacons may, for example, log that you have viewed a certain product or service on our site and then show you an ad for that product or service or a similar product or service when you browse to another website. Since your web browser sends a request to receive content from webpages you visit, these companies can view, edit, or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. To "opt-out" of receiving cookies from certain of our advertising Providers, please click here and here.
We may use the services of web analytics companies to help us measure the effectiveness of, and otherwise improve, our Services. To do this, we allow the web analytics companies to include web beacons and cookies on the web pages of our Services. The type of information collected via such web beacons and cookies includes click-throughs by users and other similar information. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like user preferences, click-through rates, and how to improve our Services. We use Google Analytics as one of our web analytics companies. To learn more about Google’s privacy practices, please review the Google Privacy Policy. You can also download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics.
Section 7. Confidentiality and Security
We recognize our responsibility to protect the personal information you entrust to us. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable law to guard your information. While we take precautions against unauthorized access to your personal information, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. Your use of our Services is at your own risk. We urge you to take steps to protect your Personal Information when you are on the Internet by, for example, changing your passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers, and making sure you use a secure Internet browser.
Section 8. Links
Any web sites that you click to from one of the web pages may have been developed by unaffiliated entities over which we exercise no control. Such web sites may send their own cookies to end-users, collect data, or solicit personal information from you. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites, including the use of any information collected when our end-users click through to such web sites. If you are concerned about the privacy policy of an entity with which we are not affiliated, we strongly encourage you to contact them directly or visit their individual web sites to learn more about their individual privacy policies.
Section 9. Provider Software
Certain of our Providers who provide or enable certain functionality of our Services may also request or require that you download certain software or collect information from you, including personal information in order to access such functionality. If you choose to download the software, you do so at your own discretion and in accordance with their policies, not this one. We are not responsible for the contents of any software downloaded or the privacy practices of our Providers.
Section 10. Minors Under the Age of 18
Our Service is not directed to persons under the age of 18 or the age of majority in your jurisdiction. If you are under the age of majority, you are prohibited from accessing the Services and may not give us any personal information or participate in any aspect of our Services. Except as may be required by law, we will not knowingly collect, maintain, or disclose any personal information from persons under the age of majority.
If you believe that we have collected personal information about a visitor or end-user who is under the age of 18, please contact us at privacy@risa.com and such account and/or personal information will be deleted.
Section 11. Additional Terms
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page: risa.com/privacy and, if the changes are material, we will provide a more prominent notice. Your continued use of our Services after such change has been made will signify your acceptance of such change.
Access To My Personal Information
You may modify Personal Information that you have submitted by logging into your account and updating your profile information, or by emailing or calling us using the information in the ‘Contact Us’ section below. Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Services for a period of time.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you have a complaint, or would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us by:
Emailing us at privacy@risa.com
Calling us at 949-951-5815
Writing us at:
RISA Tech, Inc.
26632 Towne Centre Drive, Suite 210
Foothill Ranch, CA 92610
Last Updated: March 25, 2020