http://www.mba.ac.uk/selfedit/privacy
Skip to main content
MBA Privacy Statement
The MBA Web server also automatically collects information including IP address, browser type, operating system, access times etc. Such information is only used for administrative purposes and to monitor traffic to the site.
The MBA is not responsible for the policies or content of others sites linked to from the MBA web site.
The Marine Biological Association (MBA) is committed to a policy of protecting the rights and privacy of individuals, including staff, students, members and visitors in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR) and the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
The MBA is registered as a Data Controller with the Information Commissioners Office (https://ico.org.uk/ESDWebPages/Entry/Z8249388)
The GDPR provides the following rights for individuals, and as such the MBA is committed to supporting these rights
The right to be informed of how we hold and process your personal information
The right of access to your personal information that the MBA holds
The right of rectification.  We must correct inaccurate or incomplete data within one month.
The right to erasure. You have the right to have your personal data erased and to prevent processing unless we have a legal obligation to process your personal information.
The right to restrict processing. You have the right to suppress processing. We can retain just enough information about you to ensure that the restriction is respected in future.
The right to data portability. We can provide you with your personal data in a structured, commonly-used, form when asked.
The right to object. You can object to your personal data being used for profiling, direct marketing, communications or research purposes.
You have rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling, to reduce the risk that a potentially damaging decision is taken without human intervention.
Full details of individual rights can be found on the Information Commissioners Office Website (https://ico.org.uk)
Any personal information collected by the MBA will not be published or passed on to third parties without prior consent, unless there is a legal obligation to do so.
We will only keep your information for as long as it is required to be retained. The retention period is either dictated by law or by our discretion. Once your information is no longer needed it will be securely and confidentially destroyed.
If you wish to request a copy of your personal information, comment or complain about how your data are stored or processed then please contact:
The Data Controller, Marine Biological Association, Citadel Hill, Plymouth.
data@mba.ac.uk
If you are still dissatisfied with how the MBA have handled your complaint, you may contact the Information Commissioner's Office.
The Information Commissioner, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF
08456 30 60 60
www.ico.gov.uk