https://www.atis.org/policy/corporate-policies/
Skip to content
Search for:
AboutMenu Toggle
Overview
Board of DirectorsMenu Toggle
Board Member Access
Leadership Team
Staff
ATIS MembershipMenu Toggle
ATIS Members
Become a Member
Membership Application
Membership Dues Calculator
Contact Us
Technologies
InitiativesMenu Toggle
Innovation Agenda/Strategic Initiatives
Technology & Operations Council
Committees & Forums
Industry Collaboration
International Partnerships
– 3GPP & oneM2M
Next G Alliance
News/EventsMenu Toggle
Press RoomMenu Toggle
Press Releases
ATIS In The News
Blog
Newsletter
Events
Webinars
Legal/Public PolicyMenu Toggle
Public Policy Filings
Operating Procedures
Patent PolicyMenu Toggle
Patent Assurances
Corporate Policies
Industry Liaisons
White Papers/ResourcesMenu Toggle
Best Practices
Issue Reports
Standards and Specifications
Telecom Glossary
White Papers
Corporate Policies
Privacy Policy
ATIS is committed to protecting privacy and security of the personal information of our web site visitors. This Privacy Policy describes the personal information we may collect and how it may be used.
Whistleblower Policy
This policy encourages members and staff to come forward if they have credible information on illegal practices or serious violations of adopted policies of the organization and specifies that ATIS will protect these persons from retaliation. The policy is available here.
Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) & Antitrust Policies
The use of patented inventions as well as procedure to avoid concerns and risks of shall be governed by the “Operating Procedures for ATIS Forums and Committees.” The full explanation of the IPR and Antitrust policy is available here.
Brand Usage Policy
ATIS is recognized as a global leader in technical planning and in the development of standards that drive the business of communications. A key component of the ATIS brand identity is the ATIS name, its trademarks and its logos. This Brand Usage Policy will show you the proper use of ATIS trademarks and logos. ATIS requires those referencing ATIS name, trademarks and logos to comply with these guidelines.
Conflict of Interest Policy
This Conflict of Interest Policy of ATIS, defines conflicts of interest, identifies classes of individuals within the organization covered by this policy, requires the disclosure of conflicts of interest and information that may help identify conflicts of interest, and specifies procedures to be followed in managing conflicts of interest. The policy is available here.
Copyright Requests
This form may be used to request permission from ATIS to republish/use text from ATIS deliverables. The form is available here.
Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use this site, you consent to these cookies.Ok