https://www.diergaardeblijdorp.nl/en/privacy-cookies/
Privacy and cookies
With this privacy statement, we want to let you know what personal information is being collected by Diergaarde Blijdorp/Rotterdam Zoo and what we do with this. The privacy statement applies to all services of Diergaarde Blijdorp such as tickets, subscriptions, web shops, loyalty programs and promotions. All data you provide to Diergaarde Blijdorp will be treated confidentially and according to the General Data Protection Regulation.
Would you like to know more about the cookies Diergaarde Blijdorp uses on this website? Click here.
1. FOR WHAT OBJECTIVES DOES DIERGAARDE BLIJDORP/ROTTERDAM ZOO GATHER DATA?
A. ZOO MEMBERSHIP
Your season pass will be scanned upon arrival. Even if you receive membership discount, your season pass is scanned to check the validity and to set off the discount. We process this information so that we get a better picture of your visit and purchase behavior so that we can improve our product.
B. LOYALTY PROGRAMS
When you leave your details to receive Blijdorp news and personalized offers, we will keep you informed through various channels. If you no longer wish to receive information, you can easily unsubscribe via our website or via a link in our e-mails.
We strive to make our communication as interesting as possible for you. That is why it is personalized as much as possible and the content depends on your preferences. We also use your data to, for example, align our website, app and e-mails with your preferences, based on, among other things, your purchases and visitor behavior.
We process your purchase data for this, such as the time of the purchased products / services and the details you have provided to us such as your name, gender, address, place of residence and e-mail address. In addition, we analyze the click behavior in our newsletters and on our websites.
C. RESERVATIONS AND ORDERS
When you make a reservation or order, we process your data in order to handle the reservation properly. Think of communication about your arrival, visit or confirmation from our webshop. Hereby we use your personal data that you specify when booking / ordering.
D. DISCOUNTS AND PROMOTIONS
Diergaarde Blijdorp regularly offers special promotions, such as savings campaigns, competitions or promotions, to which you can participate. In some cases we will ask you to fill in a registration form from for example a brochure, advertisement or website to take part in such a special promotion. When you participate in such a promotion, Diergaarde Blijdorp will process the personal data you have provided to register and / or confirm your participation. This will determine whether you meet the promotion conditions and to send you any prizes and benefits that have been awarded. These personal data are used by us in this case only for this purpose and are only accessible to those within Diergaarde Blijdorp who are engaged in these promotions, unless you have given permission for the use of your data for our loyalty programs.
E. QUESTIONS AND COMPLAINTS
When you ask Diergaarde Blijdorp a question or submit a complaint or when you contact us by telephone, e-mail, social media or by mail, we will ask you for contact details for the processing. We will only use this personal data in this case. used for this purpose and are only accessible to those at Diergaarde Blijdorp who are engaged in the processing of your question or complaint.
F. VISIT TO OUR WEBSITES
In order to facilitate your visit to our websites, Diergaarde Blijdorp uses so-called “cookies”. Cookies are small text files that are stored on the hard disk or in the memory of your computer. We use cookies to track the use of our websites and to record the preferences that you have set for a specific service or web page, so that you do not have to fill it in again when you visit our site. Cookies are also used to make personal offers on the website based on your behavior on the website. In addition, some of our social media functionalities (such as Facebook and Twitter) can use cookies. Cookies are not used to retrieve your private data from your computer or to retrieve passwords.
G. LOGGED DATA
The information you entered when creating an account is used to serve you better and to remember your preferences in the future.
H. BLIJDORP/ROTTERDAM ZOO APP
Diergaarde Blijdorp measures the use of applications and uses the provided location information (GPS), only to improve the service to the visitor. For example, visitors who are in the zoo receive customized information if you have given permission for this.
I. JOB APPLICATION PURPOSES
If you apply for a job at Diergaarde Blijdorp, we only use your details for the application procedure.
2. HOW LONG ARE WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
We do not store your data for longer than is permitted by law and is necessary for the purposes for which you provided your data.
3. WHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR DATA?
Diergaarde Blijdorp can share your personal data with parties that have been carefully selected by Diergaarde Blijdorp to perform its services for which you have given permission. These parties are, for example, called in to provide services on behalf of Diergaarde Blijdorp or carry out general data analysis. Think of sending our magazine, conducting the visitor survey or a party that supports us in marketing. Diergaarde Blijdorp will not sell or rent your personal data to anyone.
4. HOW CAN I SEE, IMPROVE OR REMOVE MY DATA?
You can request which data has been recorded by Diergaarde Blijdorp and for which they are used via the View data form. You can have data removed via the View data form and have it deleted.
5. WHAT ABOUT THE PRIVACY OF CHILDREN?
If you are younger than 16, you must first obtain permission from one of your parents or a legal representative. We therefore ask you not to provide information to us if you have not yet received permission.
AMENDMENTS
The Diergaarde Blijdorp privacy statement can be changed. We will indicate all changes to the privacy statement on this page. We advise you to consult this privacy statement regularly, so that you are always aware of the content of the applicable privacy statement.
Share thisTweet
OPEN EVERY DAY – TIMESLOT REQUIRED
Buy tickets & timeslotENTRANCE TICKET & TIME LOCKOrder your tickets online. BOOKING A TIMESLOT IS REQUIRED for your visit.Buy a membershipSupport us with a membershipWith an annual membership you contribute to the welfare of our animals and the protection of their natural environment. Even if we are closed due to corona measures. Plan your visitToday open until Reservation of entrance time obligatory! Opening hours, rates, parking, ...
Contact
+31 10 4431495 option 5Blijdorplaan 83041 JG RotterdamNederlandP.O. Box 5323000 AM RotterdamNederland
Follow us
FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestYoutube