http://www.confederationbridge.com/privacy-policy
Privacy/Terms of Use	Strait Crossing Bridge Limited (SCBL) is the privately owned operator of the Confederation Bridge linking the provinces of Prince Edward Island and New Brunswick.
SCBL assures you that when you submit Personal Information for StraitPass accounts or for merchandise purchases, we treat it with the utmost care and confidence. Our Privacy Policy addresses all Personal Information that is collected. It governs how the information is collected, used, stored, disclosed and destroyed.
Personal Information
Personal Information is any information about an identifiable individual, presented in any form including digital or paper format. This includes such information as: age, identification numbers, driving information, credit and banking records and travel habits. It does not include your business address, business telephone number, business fax or e-mail.
What Personal Information do we collect?
To provide you with a StraitPass account or for merchandise sales, we may collect some or all of the following information:
Name
Address
Telephone/Fax Number
Credit card information
Language preference
We ask that you keep us advised of any changes to your contact information such as your address and phone numbers. We rely on this information to advise you of issues relating to your StraitPass account. When you keep this information up to date, you can ensure that we are calling the correct telephone number or sending correspondence to your preferred address.
How do we use or disclose your Personal Information?
Your Personal Information may be used by us, as permitted by law, to sell you Confederation Bridge merchandise or a StraitPass transponder for passage on the Confederation Bridge, to establish and maintain your StraitPass account, to access and make authorized charges and to recover any arrears. We do not collect this Personal Information without your consent.
We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties. In limited circumstances, legal or medical reasons, may require the release or use of Personal Information without your consent. For example, we may disclose Personal information in a life threatening emergency to comply with a subpoena, warrant or other court order, or government department which has a lawful basis to request the information.
How do we secure your Personal Information and how long do we keep it?
Your Personal Information is protected from loss, theft and misuse. We take technical, contractual, administrative and physical security steps to protect Personal Information that you provide to us.
Information is only used for its intended purpose. Once we no longer have a requirement for certain information, it is destroyed.
How do I limit SCBL's use of my Personal Information?
You may withdraw your consent to our use or disclosure of your Personal Information at any time. However, in some cases, this may mean that we are no longer able to provide you with certain services such as credit card updates. Please contact us if you do not want us to use or disclose your Personal Information in a particular way. We will advise you as to what services are dependent upon your Personal Information so you can make an informed decision.
How do I access my Personal Information?
You have the right to access the Personal Information which we have on file about you and to request that inaccurate information be corrected.
Information will only be provided if you are able to verify your identity. It is preferred that any requests for Personal Information be made in person or in writing.
Questions or Complaints
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or about the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information, please contact us at the address/phone number provided. Every effort will be made to respond to your enquiry or complaint in a timely manner. Complaints may be submitted in writing or in person.
Accountability
SCBL is responsible for all Personal Information, which is under our control. You may direct enquiries concerning this policy or request for access to Personal Information as follows:
General Manager, Strait Crossing Bridge Limited 104 Abegweit Blvd. P.O. Box 70 Borden-Carleton, PE C0B 1X0 Tel: (902) 437-7300 Fax: (902) 437-7321
Terms Of Use
Ownership The Confederation Bridge Web site, its design, all text, graphics, and content are the property of Strait Crossing Bridge Limited and its affiliates. None of the content found on this site may be reproduced, republished, distributed, displayed, sold or modified without the express written permission of Strait Crossing Bridge Limited.
Accuracy of Information on this Web Site Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information presented on this Web site; however, we assume no responsibility for its accuracy and the information should not be relied upon as accurate, timely or fit for any particular purpose. Further, we assume no obligation to update the information contained on this Web site or to advise of any further developments concerning any topics mentioned. The information on this Web site may be changed at any time without notice.
Other Linked Sites Found on this Web Site Links to other Web sites are provided for your reference and convenience only. We assume no responsibility for the accuracy, appropriateness or views expressed on other linked Web sites. We are not acting as a publisher of any materials contained on other linked sites and do not seek to control the content of or maintain any type of editorial control over any linked sites. Links to other sites should not be construed to imply that this site is in any way affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorized to use any trade mark, trade name, logo or copyrighted symbol found in the link or link descriptions to other sites.