http://www.cscc.edu/about/privacy-statement.shtml
Skip to main content
Columbus State Community CollegeCSCC.EDU
Apply
Tools
Visit
Blackboard
Cougarweb
Email
Directory
Visit
Blackboard
Cougarweb
Email
Directory
Close Tools
Search Columbus State
×
Can't find it? Try the Telephone Information Center at (614) 287-5353.
Close
Home
About Us
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Columbus State Community College (“Columbus State” or “the College”) is committed
to safeguarding personal information for every member of the College community. This
Privacy Statement has been adopted to address the collection, use, and dissemination
of personal information by the College in accordance with applicable privacy laws,
other College policies, and supplements any other privacy notices provided to you.
By using this website, you are consenting to our collection and use of information
in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
General Statement
This policy applies to all information digitally collected by or submitted to the
College. The College receives information via two primary methods:
Automatically via websites
Voluntarily provided by the user in order to receive information and/or services (via
forms and email).
Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), Columbus
State websites and services are not directed to children under 13 years of age, and
the College does not knowingly collect any personal information from those under 13
years of age. Younger visitors should check with parents or guardians before entering
information on any website, and we encourage households to discuss the online sharing
of personal information.
Information Collection
Automatic Collection
Official College websites and/or third-party technology may collect certain information
automatically. This information includes but is not limited to:
User’s Internet Protocol (IP) address
Operating system
The time and date of the visit
Browser
The site from which the user visited
Cookie information (if applicable)
Voluntary submission
In order to provide information and/or services, the College may request users to
provide personal data, some of which may be personally identifiable information. Information
such as but not limited to name, date of birth, email address, etc. can be collected
via voluntary submission of an email or web form to a College entity.
Cookies, Data Processing, and Disclosures
Website information that is gathered automatically is utilized to improve the understanding
of how College-provided websites are being leveraged. For example, some College websites
use third-party analytics to determine how users navigate College sites. These analytic
sites along with College websites may use cookie data for various purposes, including
the evaluation of website use, reports on website activity, and other services. Users
have the right to refuse the use of cookies by implementing technical configurations
in their web browsers; however, functionalities of certain sites may be impacted if
such configurations are implemented.
Information submitted to the College voluntarily in order to receive services and/or
information will only be utilized to conduct official College business. The College
may disseminate voluntarily submitted information to third-parties and offices/departments
within the College to the extent necessary in order to provide the requested services
and/or information. The College may also disseminate such information if required
by applicable law, law-enforcement agencies or in response to a subpoena, court order,
or legal processes including public record requests.
The College will not disclose any information submitted voluntarily for reasons other
than mentioned above, without clear notice and the opportunity to opt-out or otherwise
prohibit such uses. The College does not sell voluntarily submitted information to
other entities unless a prior consent has been obtained.
All processing, storage, and disclosure of data is handled in accordance with the
Family Educational Rights Privacy Act (“FERPA”) for student record data, the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) for health data, and any other
applicable privacy laws. Refer to the College Catalog for additional information on FERPA.  The College may keep certain personal data
indefinitely for historical, research, statistical purposes, or as long as necessary
to comply with applicable laws and obligations.
Marketing Communication Activities
College offices/departments may use your information to send you news and information
about academic and alumni activities along with opportunities for you to be involved
with the College. If we use your personal information to contact you, we will provide
you with a method allowing you to opt-out of future communications.
Third-Parties
Within our website there are links to non-Columbus State computing services. When
you link to third-party services, you leave the College website and no longer will
be subject to our privacy statement. The College is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of non-Columbus State computing services, and such link is
not intended to be an endorsement of the non-Columbus State computing service or its
content.
Information Security
The College implements stringent security measures wherever possible to promote confidentiality,
integrity, and availability of any information in the possession of Columbus State.
College websites that allow users to submit information voluntarily utilize encryption
to prevent third-parties from viewing the submitted data. Personal information voluntarily
submitted via email cannot leverage encryption in most cases, and thus email is not
a mechanism that the College recommends for submitting confidential and/or sensitive
personal data.  Users that submit unsolicited confidential and/or personal information
via email do so at their own risk.
Contact
If you have questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact us via email at
news@cscc.edu.