http://www.parascadd.com/privacy-policy
News
Careers
Partners
Contact Us
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
About this policy
This website is operated by PARASCADD Private Limited  and the PARASCADD group of companies (“PARASCADD” or “we”), some of which are located in countries outside the European Economic Area. PARASCADD and its associated companies will use the information we collect from you in accordance with this policy. A list of PARASCADD Group PLC’s associated companies is available on request.
This policy describes how we use your personal data when you use our website (https://www.PARASCADD.com/).  We have provided this policy to ensure that individuals who use our website understand what personal data we may collect and hold about them, what we may use it for and how we keep it safe.  You have legal rights to access the personal data that we hold about you and to control how we use it which are also explained in this policy.
You can read, print and save this whole policy.
Who we are and how you can contact us
PARASCADD Private Limited is a public limited company. Our registered addresses are on our website.
For general queries about our website please use the “Contact Us” form at https://www.parascadd.com/Contact/
To update your marketing preferences or unsubscribe from our mailing list please email info@parascadd.com.
For data protection related queries including questions about use of your personal data please email info@parascadd.com. Please refer to the sections on Your rights to know what personal data we hold and to control how we use it and How to make a complaint for further contact information.
What personal data we collect about you
We collect:
Personal data that you provide to us.  There are a few different ways in which you may share your personal data with us via our website. You might complete the ‘Contact Us’ Form on our website, subscribe to or comment on our blog, register for one of our events, request content or enrol on “PARASCADD Experience” cloud based training. The personal data that you provide to us may include your name, address, e-mail address, employer, job role and phone number.
Personal data that we receive from third parties.  If we work with other businesses these parties may collect personal data about you which they will share with us.  For example, we may have your name and contact details passed on to us by third parties that we work with, such as marketing partners, industry publications or content syndication partners, that refer you to us so that we can provide you with information on our products or services that we feel would be of interest to you.
Personal data about your use of our website.  This is technical information and includes details such as your IP address, your login information (where applicable e.g. with “PARASCADD Experience”), browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, as well as details of how you navigated our website, what pages you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
What we use your personal data for
We use your personal data in the following ways:
Personal data that you provide to us is used to:
Provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
Provide you with marketing information in accordance with your marketing preferences (see How we use your personal data for marketing for further details);
Manage and administer our business;
Review and improve our products and services.
Personal data that we receive from third parties is combined with the personal data that you provide to us and used for the purposes described above.
Personal data about your use of our website is used to:
Administer our website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
To make suggestions and recommendations to you or other website users about products or services that may interest you or them where you have confirmed that you would like to be contacted in this regard;
To improve our website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or mobile device;
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
As part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
When we need your consent to use your personal data
Whilst we always want you to be aware of how we are using your personal data, this does not necessarily mean that we are required to ask for your consent before we can use it.  In the day to day running of our business we may use your personal data without asking for your consent because:
We are entering into and carrying out our obligations under a contract with you.
We need to use your personal data for our own legitimate purposes (such as the administration and management of our business and the improvement of our services) and our doing so will not interfere with your privacy rights.
If we require your consent to process your personal data and, as may be the case, in exceptional circumstances, wish to use your personal data for a different purpose than the one for which it was originally collected we will contact you to explain how we wish to use your data and obtain your consent to use your personal data for the relevant purposes as required.  You are not required to give consent just because we ask for it.  If you do give consent you can change your mind and withdraw it at a later date.
Please refer to the section on How we use your personal data for marketing for further information on our marketing practices in this regard.
Personal data you are legally obliged to provide
You are not under a legal obligation to provide us with any of your personal data but please note that if you elect not to provide us with your personal data we may be unable to provide our products or services to you.
Your rights to know what personal data we hold and to control how we use it
You have a legal right to know what personal data we hold about you – this is called the right of subject access.  You can exercise this right by sending us a written request at any time. Please mark your letter “Subject Access Request” and send it to us by post using the following contact details:
FAO: PARASCADD Legal TeamSubject: Access RequestPARASCADD Pvt. Ltd. Kushal Point, Ghatkopar West Mumbai.
or email us at info@parascadd.com.
You also have rights to:
Prevent your personal data being used for marketing purposes (see How we use your personal data for marketing for further details);
Have inaccurate personal data corrected, blocked or erased;
Object to decisions being made about you by automated means or to your personal data being used for profiling purposes;
Object to our using your personal data in ways that are likely to cause you damage or distress;
Restrict our use of your personal data;
Require that we delete your personal data;
Require that we provide you, or anyone that you nominate, with a copy of any personal data you have given us in a structured electronic form such as a CSV file.
You can find full details of your personal data rights on the Information Commissioner’s Office website at ww.ico.org.uk.
How we use your personal data for marketing
We will add your details to our marketing database if:
You make an enquiry about our products or services;
You attend an industry related event;
You buy our products or services;
You have told a third party that you would like them to pass us your contact details so that we can send you updates about our products or services;
You have registered an account on our website and have indicated during the sign up process that you are happy to receive marketing communications.
We may send you marketing communications by email, telephone or post.
You can ask us to only send you marketing communications by particular methods (for example, you may be happy to receive emails from us but not telephone calls), about specific subjects (for example about specific portfolio areas or industry specific information) or you may ask us not to send you any marketing communications at all.
We may ask you to indicate your marketing preferences when you first register an account on our website.  You can check and update your current marketing preferences at any time by logging into your account on our website or emailing us at info@parascadd.com.
We will not share your personal data with third parties for marketing purposes.
Automated decision making and profiling
If you confirm that you would like to be contacted with further information regarding our products and services we will add your details to our marketing database and a profile regarding your interaction with our website and content will be created.
Once you are added to our marketing database we will update your profile with information regarding your interaction with our website, online portals (including social media) and regarding which products or services you have shown a particular interest. Further interactions with our website will then be linked to this account so we can better tailor our correspondences with the interest that you have shown in PARASCADD and our products and services and provide further information on products and services that are likely to be of interest to you.
This information is used to assess your profile objectively to consider whether you might be interested in purchasing new or further PARASCADD products and/or services. If we think this is likely, a member of the PARASCADD team will contact you to take things forward in this regard.
You are entitled to ask that we do not make automated decisions about you or use your personal data for profiling purposes. Please refer to the section on Your rights to know what personal data we hold and to control how we use it for further details in this regard.
When we will share your personal data with others
We share your data with the following people in the day to day running our business:
Other companies that are part of the PARASCADD group;
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors we work with to provide you with products or services that you have requested from us.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
We may also share your personal information with third parties on a one-off basis, for example, if:
We sell or buy any business or assets (including our own), in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
We are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our website terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers, ourselves or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
How we keep your personal data safe
We take every care to ensure that your personal data is kept secure.  The security measures we take include:
Only storing your personal data on our secure servers;
Ensuring that our staff receive regular data security awareness training
Keeping paper records to a minimum and ensuring that those which we do have, are stored in locked filing cabinets on our office premises.
Maintaining up to date system security features to minimise the risk of unauthorised access to our systems.
Please remember that you are responsible for keeping your passwords secure. If we have given you (or you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Please do not to share your passwords with anyone.
Sending information via the internet is not always secure. While we do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot always guarantee the security of data sent to our website. In this regard, please note that you send us personal data at your own risk. We will nonetheless use strict procedures and security features (some of which are described above) to try to prevent unauthorised access.
When we will send your personal data to other countries
Your personal data may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) by us or by our sub-contractors.  For example, our marketing database and associated systems are accessible by PARASCADD personnel globally, including outside of the EEA.  Where we, or our sub-contractors, use IT systems or software that is provided by non-UK companies, your personal data may be stored on the servers of these non-UK companies outside the EEA.  We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
PARASCADD also seeks to ensure appropriate safeguards in relation to transfer of personal data. Where we transfer of your personal data outside of the EEA we utilise standard contractual clauses in supplier contracts or where we store your personal data on Marketing systems provided by US suppliers who have servers located in the US ensuring that these US suppliers are registered under the EU-US Privacy Shield. A full list of our suppliers in this regard is available on request by emailing info@parascadd.com.
How long we keep your personal data
We only keep your personal data for as long as we actually need it. This would be considered from the perspective of whether or not you would still be interested in receiving information from us about our products and services. Generally, this means that if you have not replied to our marketing emails or purchased any of our products or services for a period of two years we will remove you from our database.
For further details please contact us at info@parascadd.com.
Please note that we may anonymise your personal data or use it for statistical purposes.   We keep anonymised and statistical data indefinitely but we take care to ensure that such data can no longer identify or be connected to any individual.
How you can make a complaint
If you are unhappy with the way we have used your personal data please contact us to discuss this using info@parascadd.com.
You are also entitled to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office which you can do by visiting www.ico.org.uk.  Whilst you are not required to do so, we encourage you to contact us directly to discuss any concerns that you may have and to allow us an opportunity to address these before you contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
How we keep this policy up to date
We will review and update this policy from time to time. This may be to reflect a change in the products or services we offer or to our internal procedures or it may be to reflect a change in the law.
The easiest way to check for updates is by looking for the latest version of this policy on our website or you can contact us (see Who we are and how to contact us) to ask us to send you the latest version of our policy.
Each time we update our policy we will update the policy version number at the end of the policy and the date on which that version of the policy came into force.
This is policy version 1 which came into effect on 25 May 2018.
Cookie Policy
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR USE OF COOKIES
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
By visiting our website, you have provided consent to agree to our Cookie Policy.