https://www.zambezi.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy Statement Zambezi Safari & Travel Co LTD
Call:
UK: +44 (0) 1752 878858 |
USA: +1 (347) 708 1794 |
CAN: +1 (647) 694 1402 |
AUS: +61 (2) 8417 2176
Menu
All Safaris
Safari Types
Countries
Top Safaris
Blog
About
Contact
Running 1st classsafaris since 1995
IndependentAfrican experts
99% delivered aspromised or better
On call24 / 7 / 365
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy – Our Policy
At Zambezi Safari and Travel Company, we’re committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our clients, those who enquire about doing business with us and for that matter anybody who just pays our websites a visit.
Our official home site is https://www.Zambezi.com, “impressum” and contact information is included under “about Zambezi“.
We’re not in the business of selling, renting or trading personal data or email lists. We don’t do spam either – today, tomorrow, ever.
As a company we support the individual’s right to privacy. This privacy notice explains what we collect, why we do it, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we disclose it to others, how we keep it secure.
We process all enquiries through our UK-based head office. Depending on the nature of your request we may route the request directly to our African offices.
Our website provides visitors with information on safaris and related travel activities. All consulting is undertaken either directly by our teams in the UK and Africa or in the case of some activity-only trips the actual activity owners themselves.
What information do we and don’t we collect?
You provide personally identifiable information when making an enquiry with us. This could be in person, by phone, via email or by submitting an online form (for example a contact or enquiry form, Guest Information Form or payment authorisation on our websites). We gather this personal data with your knowledge, active permission and participation.
We don’t gather your credit card information. All online payments are processed directly by you, via a secure payment gateway operated independently of our servers.
The personal data that we use relates to identity (including name, date of birth, marital status, title and gender); contact (including email, telephone numbers, postal and delivery address details); transactions (payments, products/services delivered); technical (including IP address and hardware and software information that you use to access our websites and otherwise communicate with us); profile (including preferences, interests, feedback).
Depending on the nature of the safari or the destinations that you visit we may require “special personal data” related to a unique booking reference. This additional data will have a very specific purpose which could typically relate to passport details; travel insurance, medical, dietary information; next of kin contact details.
From time to time we sponsor contests and surveys in which your participation may require the provision of both identifiable and anonymous information.
Anonymous data is gathered from our servers when you visit our site or correspond online. This technical data includes IP address details, login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the device you use.
We track your online visit to our site by giving you a “cookie” (This is a small piece of information stored by the browser software on your device. You may block cookies by editing your browser options.)
What do we use this information for and with whom do we share it?
Safari arrangements: We use information that you provide during the enquiry, reservation and confirmation process to make safari arrangements on your behalf. This information is managed within the company by your assigned consultant and administrator. We share only necessary and relevant details with guides, hosts and safari operators specifically contracted to provide and optimise your experiences on safari. (We don’t share your email address or any other information which isn’t necessary for contracted companies or individuals to fulfil their responsibilities on safari.)
Zambezi CRM system: We use a secure customer relationship management (CRM) system operated and protected by Zoho. During the planning stages of your safari or whilst it’s in progress your information is available to other Zambezi team members to help us make your travels smooth and trouble free. On completion of your safari, any “special personal data” that you provided is deleted. Your contact details are kept on our servers and may be used by your consultant to update you on information that we believe will be of specific interest to you.
Zambezi news and mailshots:  Most months we send out a news review and every now and again we send out short invitations to selected subscribers giving them access to special updates. We use ZohoCampaigns and have adopted their recommended practices to comply with GDPR requirements.
Testimonials and references: In cases where we receive feedback which we believe would be of value to other visitors, we use unnamed quotations in testimonials. We only name testimonials once we’ve obtained permission. Many of our clients are happy to provide personal references to future prospects. We provide contact details of these referees on a one-to-one basis with their express permission only.
Survey and contest information: We use personal information to update survey and contest participants on results. In some cases we’ll use your contact details to provide you with other updates that we believe will be of interest to you personally. Other than during the process of concluding safari arrangements for winners, we don’t share this information with third parties. Anonymous survey and contest information is sometimes used for statistical reports that may be shared with third parties – personally identifiable information is not shared.
Anonymous clickstream data: We gather this information to track user trends to improve the experience of visitors to our site. We also use this anonymous data for compiling statistical reports that we may share with third parties.
What else should you know about your online privacy and us?
All information that we gather remains the property of “Zambezi Safari and Travel Co. Ltd.”
We’ll never sell or wilfully distribute information that we gather.
All employees are bound by this privacy statement – this agreement is in place to protect the company, its public officers, employees and clients.
From time to time third parties are contracted for the provision of services to us (e.g. market research) whereby client information is made available to them – this information is protected by appropriate confidentiality agreements and used solely for the purposes of completing specific projects.
Links – this site contains external links to other websites that may gather personally identifiable information from you and may have privacy policies that differ materially from our own. We recommend that you review these separate privacy statements.
How do you have your personal information updated or deleted?
We don’t provide any automated means for you to update or delete information that you’ve supplied to us but we’ll honour any request for deletion or modification.
Finally…
In addition to the above, we undertake not to wilfully disclose any personal information in our records except to comply with applicable laws or valid legal processes or when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against any party who may be causing interference with our rights or properties or when anyone else could be harmed by such activities.
Any material changes in the way that we use your personal information will be updated to this page.
Any queries associated with our Privacy Statement should be directed to “The Zambezi Safari and Travel Co. Ltd“
Your Interests
Expect unrivalled customer service
You receive free expert advice
Expect a trip tailored to your needs
Our Difference
Independent African experts
Exceptionally knowledgeable team
Exclusive focus on Africa
Our Track Record
Running 1st class safaris since 1995
99% delivered as promised or better
53% return on safari with us
Our Guarantee
On call 24/7/365 - always
Honest unbeatable pricing
Fully accredited, 100% compliant
Safari Types
Top Safaris
Blog
Newsletters
Subscribe
Contact
FAQs
Botswana | Central African Republic | Chad | Congo-Brazzaville | Democratic Republic of Congo | Ethiopia | Gabon | Kenya | Madagascar | Malawi | Mauritius | Mozambique | Namibia | Reunion | Rwanda | São Tomé and Principé | Seychelles | South Africa | Tanzania | Uganda | Zambia safaris | Zimbabwe
Call:
UK: +44 (0) 1752 878858 |
USA: +1 (347) 708 1794 |
CAN: +1 (647) 694 1402 |
AUS: +61 (2) 8417 2176
© Zambezi Safari & Travel Company Ltd 2017, 6 Delamore Park, Pitman's Lane, Cornwood, Ivybridge, PL21 9QP, United Kingdom
FacebookTwitterGoogle+YouTube
Privacy | Terms
Atta member number 20623