http://www.caa.govt.nz/about-us/website-information/privacy/
You are here
Home
About us
Privacy
More...
Print
Share
About us
Contact us
Change of address
Contact the aviation safety group
Official Information Act request
Our contact details
Personal information request
Questions, complaints, and feedback
Report a drone safety concern
Report an aviation safety concern
Corporate publications
Email notification service
Featured news and articles
Forms
News and media releases
What we do
Aviation security legislative framework
How we are funded
Fees, levies, and charges
Previous funding reviews
Review of CAA fees, levies, and charges 2020 (suspended)
Questions and answers
Operational policies
Just Culture – what it means to the CAA
Surveillance
CAA approach to surveillance
Criteria for decision making
How the system is applied
Legislative references
Client risk profile - Risk ratings
The aviation life cycle
The risk indicators
Application of findings
Our role in aviation safety
Our role in aviation security
About our dogs
Behavioural detection
Screening and airport duties
Supporting other government agencies
Service charter
Transparency and complaints
Who we are
Authority members
History of aviation security in New Zealand
History of civil aviation regulation in New Zealand
Permission to use the CAA logo
Authority leadership team
Who we work with
Aviation Community Advisory Group
Aviation Community Medical Liaison Group
International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO)
International agreements and arrangements
Trans-Tasman Mutual Recognition Act (TTMRA)
New Zealand Police
COVID-19
CAA COVID-19 regulatory relief package
Restoring a lapsed CPL or ATPL
The carriage of cargo in an airliner passenger cabin
Mental wellbeing during COVID-19
Guidance for aviation activity under COVID-19 Alert Level 2 restrictions
Aviation under Alert Level 1
Human factors considerations for aviation professionals after COVID-19 lockdown
Regulatory relief for participants overseas who are required to hold a current NZ Class 1 medical certificate
Earlier CAA COVID-19 information
Privacy
This privacy notice applies to personal and other information collected on the Civil Aviation Authority's (CAA) website, www.aviation.govt.nz.We respect your right to privacy and will respect it when you visit our web site. The CAA does not collect or store personal information, except in the instances below:
There is an online service for the reporting of aviation occurrences. The information you enter is entered into the CAA database and treated as a Form 005 submission. We are required by the Civil Aviation Act to share that information when conducting an investigation.
The aircraft registry shows the registration of all aircraft registered in New Zealand. The Civil Aviation Act requires us to make registration information publicly available.
Cookies are used to collect information about the number of pages visited. This is carried out through a free service provided by Google Analytics. Only statistical information is collected, and only the CAA web team may access this information.
The CAA offers a free email notification service that requires you to subscribe online.
The CAA allows Medical Examiners (ME) to maintain their Expositions by logging on to a password-protected web site. Only the ME and the appropriate staff in the CAA Medical Certification Unit can access this information.
Any information you give to the CAA, including personal information, can be disclosed to third parties for information assurance and cyber security purposes.Any inquiries about privacy on the CAA website may be sent to the Official Information and Privacy Advisor, email: oia@caa.govt.nz.
Print