http://www.genedx.com/help
Home
Frequently Asked Questions
Overview
What is the GeneDx Portal?
The GeneDx Portal is your one-stop secure, web-based system for all things GeneDx! Use the portal to:
Browse our extensive test catalog
Conduct automatic benefit investigations
Place electronic orders
Check the status of GeneDx orders
Registration
Who can register for the GeneDx portal?
Any healthcare provider, or staff in a healthcare office, may register for the portal. All users may place orders. Each person should have their own, unique login. Please do not register “for” someone else in your office.
How do I know if my registration is complete?
If you registered as an ordering provider you may log in and immediately place orders after completing your registration. In the 48 hours until your account is approved, any orders placed will be put under a special temporary account, which can later be transferred to your permanent account. GeneDx does not send an email when the approval process is completed. Please log into the portal to check your status.
Does the physician I order under need to register for the portal?
GeneDx recommends all providers who have an order placed under their name be registered and active in the GeneDx portal. If you work with a physician who does not wish to register, please contact your sales representative and we will provide a form for them to waive access.
I am already a CareEvolve user. Do I still have to register for the GeneDx portal?
Yes. To ensure privacy is maintained we cannot carry over your login information and you must register again. However, we retain all of your historical order and patient data in the portal.
I don’t have an account. Can I still register?
Yes. We will reach out to you about setting up your account details within 48 hours after you register.
How long does registration take?
Registration takes about 2 minutes. After registering, we will approve your information within 48 hours. If you are an ordering provider and include an NPI number during registration, you may begin placing orders immediately.
How do I register?
Go to www.genedx.com and click the “Log In”’ icon at the upper right. When the window pops up, look for “Haven’t yet registered?” and click “Click Here” to begin.
After entering in the necessary information, you will receive an email with a link to take you back to the website and complete registration. At this step, you will set a password and security questions/answers.
What do I need in order to register?
You will need the following information to register: First and last name, email address, your role, and your institution name and address. If you are a provider in the US, please include your NPI number as this will assist in the approval process.
If you are an existing client, please provide your account number(s) in the appropriate field. Adding your account number will expedite the approval process.To enter multiple account numbers, just leave a space between them (ABCD1 ABCD2 etc). If you do not know your account number, please reach out to your sales representative prior to registering, or contact GeneDx at genedx@genedx.com or (888) 729-1206.
I didn’t get the verification email after registering.
Please be sure to check your junk/spam folder for the registration email, sent from noreply@genedx.com”. If you can’t find it, you may return to the login screen and click “Trouble logging in? Click here”. From that screen, choose the “I need to resend verification code” and check your email again. If you are still experiencing problems, please email portaltechsupport@bioreference.com .
What role should I choose?
Please choose the role that best describes your activity in the portal:
If you are a Genetic Counselor, please register as one. Genetic Counselors are legally allowed to order genetic testing in select states, based on licensure. We will verify you may legally order and assign those privileges to you.
Nurse/Nurse Practitioner: if you are a nurse or nurse practitioner, please choose this role.
Office / other staff: If you have other roles in your institution, please choose this role.
An Ordering Provider must be selected for each order in the portal. This role should be limited to MDs or DOs who are legally allowed to order genetic testing. Genetic counselors (even those with ordering rights) should not register as ordering providers.
What is the “Administration” access type?
The GeneDx portal has two level of access:
The general level is called “Full Account Access” which allows you to place orders and view the order history for all patients in your linked account(s).
The “Administration” access goes one step further and allows you to invite users or add accounts from the portal. To request Administration access, email genedx@genedx.com or contact your sales representative. An account can have an unlimited number of administrative users.
Login
How do I login?
You must register before you can log into the portal. Once you have set a password, click “Log In” in the top right corner of www.genedx.com and enter your email and password.
I am having trouble logging in
From the Log In screen, click “Having trouble logging in? Click Here”. There are several options:
I forgot my password (password reset instructions are sent to the email entered).
I need to resend verification code (email with the verification code is sent to the email entered).
Unlock my account (you will be prompted to answer security questions to unlock the account).
Other issues. You may send an email to portaltechsupport@bioreference.com to assist with other login issues.
I forgot my password
From the Log In screen, click “Having trouble logging in? Click Here”. Choose: I forgot my password. An email with password reset instructions will be sent to the email entered.
Why is my account locked?
GeneDx will lock your account if an inactivity period of 180 days has passed or you have multiple unsuccessful login attempts. To unlock your account,
From the Log In screen, click “Having trouble logging in? Click Here”.
Click Unlock my account. You will be prompted to answer security questions to unlock the account, or to reach out to portaltechsupport@bioreference.com for further assistance.
Do I need to logout?
You can log out by clicking “My Account” in the top right corner. In the box that appears under your name, click “Log Out” to exit the system.
What is the “Profile” section?
In the profile section of your account, you may make changes to your personal information, such as email, password, and contact information. You may also edit your password security questions and answers in the event you need to unlock your account.
My Account
What is the “My Orders” section?
The My Orders section is your hub for reviewing order statuses and the last 6 months of order data for your account(s). The My Orders Page will show a maximum of 200 orders, the user can filter to make the set of orders more specific to what they are looking for. Please see “How do I use the My Orders section?” for more information.
What is the “Favorites” section?
The Favorites section allows you to customize what tests and ICD-10 codes are readily available for use. Use “Favorite tests” to quickly add frequently ordered tests to your order.
To add favorites:
You may add “Custom Panels” or “Other Favorite Tests” to the Favorites section by clicking the bookmark icon next to any test on the website.
To remove favorites:
Click “Delete” next to any test listed in the favorite section to remove it.
Favorite ICD-10 codes:
You may search for and add ICD-10 codes to your list in the favorites section by clicking the bookmark icon next to the ICD-10 code. You may also do this during order entry. This allows you to select from frequently used ICD-10 codes when placing orders.
What is the “Patients” section?
The “Patients” or “Patient List” section contains all historical patient data for your account(s). Please see “How do I use the Patients section?” for more information.
What is the “Administration” section?
If you have an administration level access type, you may add locations (accounts) and/or users to your accounts. Please see “What is the “Administration” access type?” for more information.
Placing Orders
How do I place an order?
To place an order on the GeneDx portal you must first be logged in.
Please select a test or tests and then click My Current Order (at the top of the page) when you are ready to begin the order. The GeneDx portal allows you to place an order for a single test, multiple tests run concurrently, or reflex tests.
To indicate a reflex test, drag and drop the test you wish to reflex to underneath the “parent” test. Drag the reflex into the right so it is indented. A message will appear confirming the reflex test.
To complete the order you must complete the required fields – indicated by red type and an asterisk. Once you have selected a test, ordering account and provider, and patient, your order is saved as a draft. At that point, you can stop the order and pick it up later or another person in your office can complete the order later.
How do I complete the Ordering Provider section?
In the Ordering Provider section, first choose the account you wish to use to place the order.
Next, choose an Ordering Provider.
You may also choose an “Additional Reporting Provider” from within the account selected.
You may also enter an Additional reporting provider, with or without a GeneDx account.
If you do not see the ordering provider you are looking for in the dropdown, please email your sales representative or customer service genedx@genedx.com.
I don’t see the right ordering provider under the dropdown. What should I do?
If you see an ordering provider listed who is no longer with your institution, please contact your sales representative to have your account updated.
If you expect to see an ordering provider listed but do not, then that ordering provider should register for the portal, or submit a form to waive access to the portal. Please contact your sales representative for more information.
How do I complete the Patient section?
In the Patient section, please select an existing patient by searching for their name, or add a new patient.
If adding a new patient, you must supply information in the required fields.
If selecting an existing patient, you can choose to make this an add-on order (if a sample exists already at GeneDx) or create a new submission. If you choose an existing patient that has a previous accession, you will be asked if you are supplying a new sample.
If you wish to make changes to an existing patient, click the “Edit” button. Any changes will override previous patient data.
What is a “Draft” order?
An order can be placed in “Draft” status if you do not yet wish to complete it. You must have completed the test selection, ordering account and provider, and patient sections to save the order as a draft. You can filter by “Draft” orders in the My Orders section.
Can I delete my Drafts?
Yes. From the My Orders section, please select the Draft order and click the “Delete Draft” button.
How can I convert my draft order into a full order?
First select the draft order from the My Orders page.
Click “View Draft” to return to it.
Continue with the remaining sections in the order, and click “Place Order” at the bottom of the screen.
How do I make changes to my order after I place it?
At this time, GeneDx can only accept the additional upload of documents after an order has been placed. In an upcoming release we will allow more edits to be made to submitted orders. If you have changes to your order, please contact customer service genedx@genedx.com to initiate the changes needed.
How do I know the lab received my order?
After placing your order, it will be shown as Ordered status on the Order Confirmation page and the My Orders page. You will receive an email notification when the status of your order changes to Specimen Received after the lab has received it. You may elect to receive or opt-out of these notifications if you wish. Please see Email Notifications for more details on customizing your status email notifications.
What is an add-on order, and how do I complete one?
An Add-on Order refers to orders that are placed for an existing patient and sample. To complete an add-on order in the portal:
Select Add-on Order while on the My Current Order page or while in the New Order
Please make sure to choose the same account number that was originally used.
Search for an existing patient by name or accession number to apply the add-on order to their most recent accession.
In the Patient Details section you will be asked if there is to be a new specimen sent, or if the lab should use the existing specimen. Please be sure to indicate no new sample will be sent to ensure the test is treated as an add-on.
Can I place an order with more than one test?
Yes. You may choose multiple tests in your order. Drag and drop the icon next to the test name to indent it for a reflex test. If none are “indented” to indicate a reflex order, they will all be run concurrently.
How do I place a reflex order?
First, choose 2 or more tests in your order.
Orient the tests so the “reflex to” or “child” test is underneath the “parent” test. You can do this by dragging and dropping the test.
Indent the “reflex to” test to the right. A message will appear confirming your choice.
You can rearrange the tests as needed to indicate the reflex status.
Where can I make additional clinical notes for my order?
At the bottom of the clinical information section, there is a free text box where you can enter any relevant notes about your order, up to 500 characters.
Where can I make additional notes about billing in my order?
At the bottom of the payment section, there is a free text box where you can enter any relevant billing notes, up to 500 characters.
Can I select someone in my account to receive a copy of the patient’s results?
You may indicate an individual as an “additional reporting provider” while placing the order in the portal. You may indicate others in your account to receive a notification when results are ready after placing the order.
How do I complete the Clinical Information section?
In the Clinical Information section, please indicate if the patient is affected, and if so, use the checkboxes to enter their clinical information.
Users in the United States must also supply ICD-10 codes for all orders. You can search for and use saved ICD-10 codes. Please see My Account / “What is the “Favorites” section?” for more information.
If you choose to submit other uploaded clinical documents, you may do so in the Documentation section during or after order placement.
How do I complete the Family History section?
In the Family History section, you may use the boxes to enter in relevant family history.
You are welcome to upload a pedigree or other documentation.
Please use the checkboxes to indicate how you will supply the information, and indicate if the patient is adopted or “blood relation” (consanguinity).
How do I complete the Sample section?
In the Sample section, you will have several options for how the lab should expect the sample. Please note, not sending all documentation together can result in a delay starting the test.
A new sample has been obtained by you and will be submitted with the order.
Please answer the required fields about the sample that has been obtained and send in a signed test requisition form with the sample.
A new sample has not yet been obtained by you but will be sent later with the order.
Please send the sample with the portal generated test requisition form and necessary consent. Failure to send all documentation together can result in a delay starting the test.
A new sample has not yet been obtained and you wish to send a kit to the patient.
First, indicate a sample has not been obtained.
Second, choose the sample type the lab should expect.
Third, press “Send Kit” and enter the patient’s information, or choose “Same as Patient info” to prepopulate the patient’s address.
You may send up to 5 kits to one or multiple addresses.
It is important that the patient has the portal generated test requisition form or the patient portal signature form to send in with the kit.
The order is an add-on to an existing sample
If you have chosen an existing patient and the same account number and wish to place an add-on order, please indicate no new sample will be received by the lab and the test will be run with the existing specimen. The lab will receive the add-on order electronically.
How do I get patient consent for the order?
The patient must sign the appropriate consent for the order. Depending on your workflow, if the patient is present when the portal order is completed, please have the patient sign in the designated space on the portal generated test requisition form. If you do not have the portal order complete when the patient is present, you may use our generic portal patient signatures page, found here and also in the Patient section of order entry.  Please have the patient sign this form instead of the portal generated test requisition form.
How do I sign the order?
You may e-sign (electronic signature) in the final section of online order entry. You may also sign a print-out of the portal-generated test requisition form.
How do I send a kit to a patient for their order?
There are two ways to send kits. One way is through a supply kit request for you / your practice, found here.
If you wish to send a patient a kit during order entry, please refer to “How do I complete the Sample Section?” for more information.
Can I send in my patient’s sample without the portal order form?
The lab must receive the patient’s specimen with the portal generated test requisition form. Failure to send both will delay testing as we must call to verify the specimen is correct.
Conducting a Benefit Investigation (BI)
Is there an expiration to the benefit investigation (BI)?
GeneDx honors out-of-pocket BI estimates for 3 months. From October 1- December 31st, the expiration date is December 31st. We understand that a patient’s insurance coverage may vary and encourage you to run a new BI if it is expired.
How accurate is the estimated out-of-pocket from the benefit investigation (BI)?
GeneDx uses real-time calculators that factor in the patient’s current insurance coverage and usage to date. We do our best to match this to accurate estimates based on the test code of interest. Please note that estimates are subject to change based on patient insurance usage.
Can I do a benefit investigation (BI) without placing an order?
Yes. You may conduct a BI either by itself, or within an actual order. After conducting a BI only, you may later convert that into a full order.
How do I conduct a benefit investigation (BI)?
Please choose a test or tests for which you would like to obtain a BI. If you have multiple tests, an estimate will be provided for each test separately, and a total sum provided.
From your current order, select either "New Order" or "Benefit Investigation Only”.
If you are conducting a BI only, you will be prompted to add in the ordering provider, patient details, and the insurance sections.
If you are also conducting a full order, the remaining required fields will appear.
Please choose the patient’s insurance from the drop-down menu by entering 2 or more characters in the search field. If you are completing a full order, please use “I don’t see my patient’s insurance listed” if you have trouble finding the plan. An instant Benefit Investigation cannot be requested for an insurance plan not in our insurance list. Customer service will contact you for any additional
information needed to conduct a benefit investigation once the order is placed
Other required fields include Member ID and the person to whom the insurance belongs.
If the patient has secondary insurance, please click “Secondary Insurance” to add it. Please note, we cannot use secondary insurance in the BI estimation.
When you are ready, click “Conduct Benefit Investigation”. You should receive a response within seconds. You may choose to return to or initiate order entry.
If your instant Benefit Investigation fails and you proceed to place an order, a manual BI will be conducted. Results will be available in 3 to 4 days.
When will my patient be contacted about the benefit investigation (BI)?
If you obtain an automatic BI from the portal, please share the information with your patient. GeneDx will still send the patient a letter, even if you do not complete a full order.
If the automatic BI was not successful in the portal, your patient will receive a letter when the manual BI has been completed.
If you have placed an order and the out-of-pocket estimate is greater than $100, we will attempt to call the patient to discuss the amount.
If you have not placed a full order and are looking for a BI only, we will contact you when the manual BI has been completed.
Does GeneDx have a financial assistance program?
GeneDx is proud to offer significant financial assistance to patients whose out-of-pocket estimates are greater than $100. Please call or have your patient call our customer service department after the order is placed to discuss this program. Please allow one business day before contacting customer service.
Can I do a benefit investigation (BI) along with an order?
GeneDx can conduct an automatic BI for most tests. When you choose a test or tests, continue with order entry and choose insurance as a payment option. Select the “Conduct benefit investigation” button. There are some tests and insurance plans for which we cannot conduct an automatic BI, and you will be alerted if this happens.  If you were unable to receive an out-of-pocket estimate and continue with the order, the BI process will be conducted manually.
How do I delete a benefit investigation (BI)?
From the “My Orders” section, select the benefit investigation you wish to remove from the portal. Click the “Delete BI” button and confirm you wish to remove it.
I don’t see my patient’s insurance listed
We try to provide a comprehensive list of insurance plans, but some may not be found in our list. Please adjust the search to include other terms or characters in the plan name.
If you are still unable to find the plan and are placing an order, you may check the box that says “If you are unable to find your plan click here” and proceed with entering the information from the card.
If you are unable to find the plan and are doing a BI only, you must enter insurance to proceed. You may choose the closest matching plan, or email GeneDx customer service for more assistance in locating the plan.
The benefit investigation (BI) was not successful. What happens next?
You will see a message indicating that we could not obtain an instant out-of-pocket estimate. GeneDx will begin conducting the BI with the information you submitted through a manual process that can take several business days.
Please note that you must either complete a BI Only, or a full order for this information to be received by our teams. If an order is left in “Draft” status, the BI will not begin.
Are there tests that are ineligible for a benefit investigation (BI)?
GeneDx can perform a benefit investigation on all tests. In the portal, there are three types of tests for which we are unable to obtain an instant benefit investigation and must conduct a manual estimate:
Tests that do not accept insurance as a payment type.
“Custom” tests that vary by gene.
Tests for which we need to review other patient data before providing a BI estimate. (what tests fall in this category?)
Are there insurance plans that are ineligible for a benefit investigation (BI)?
While the majority of insurance plans are eligible for an automatic BI estimate, plans such as Medicare, Medicaid, and TriCare are ineligible.
Can primary and secondary plans be used for a benefit investigation (BI)?
Unfortunately, we can only use the primary insurance plan to obtain an out-of-pocket estimate.
The BI was not successful. What happens next?
You will see a message indicating that we could not obtain an instant out-of-pocket estimate. GeneDx will begin conducting the BI with the information you submitted through a manual process that can take several business days. Please note that you must either complete a BI Only, or a full order for this information to be received by our teams.
Reviewing My Order History
How do I use the “Patients” section?
Unlike the My Orders section, the Patients section does not have a time limit. Here you will find all patient data from your accounts.
Display
The display of patient names offers you the option to edit and/or delete the patient.
Clicking on a patient’s name brings you to a screen with details about that patient. You may make changes to their demographic information and review orders placed for that patient.
Search
You can search by Patient Name, with a 2 character minimum, to look for patients by first/last name or Accession #.
How do I use the “My Orders” section?
The My Orders section contains order history for all accounts you are linked to. It will show a maximum of 200 orders, the user can filter to make the set of orders more specific to what they are looking for. Both My Orders and Patients contain all paper and electronic orders for all accounts to which you are linked. You may search, sort and filter to locate specific orders.
Display & Sort
Orders are displayed sorted with the most recently created orders at the top of the list.
You can change the sort by choosing Ordered Date, Patient Name, Updated Date or Reported Date in the Search section (under Sort by).
Each order has minimal information displayed, but can be expanded to show more detail. If you click Expand all results, all orders in your list will expand. If this is your preference, leave the box checked and it will display this way next time you log in.
You may also click on “View Order” to return to the order confirmation page and review the order. If you choose either "View Draft" or "View Benefit Investigation", you will return to either one and be able to continue.
Search
Enter in a patient’s name, order ID #, or accession # to locate orders. The accession number will be visible on your order once the sample has been received and accessioned ("Specimen Received" status).
Filter
Enter any valid date range to narrow the date range of orders.
Once you search have a result list, apply one or more filters. In addition to the checkbox next to your filter, the filter(s) you chose will also appear above the Search text box.
The “By Status” filter looks for orders with the current status indicated. You can choose multiple status filters.
If you are linked to more than one account, use the "By Account” filter to toggle between them.
“By Provider” is limited to the ordering provider (MDs, DOs or in some states GCs) for whom the order was placed.
“By Order Placed By” is a filter that looks for the user who was logged in and placed the electronic order. Selecting “Paper Requisition” will locate paper orders and you can use additional filters to narrow those down further.
You can remove all filters and restart your search by clicking Clear All Filters in the left-hand column, or click Reset Search in the Search box.
Above the Filter options are 4 tabs that will filter your orders by type to differentiate between All Orders, Submitted Orders, Draft Orders, and Benefit Investigation.
How can I review my order history?
You can check on the status of your orders by navigating to “My Orders” from the “My Account” dropdown menu. Please read above for some tips on using the search and filter options to locate and review your orders.
Email Notifications
For which types of statuses can I receive notification emails?
By default, you currently receive notification emails when orders are “Specimen Received”, and “Report Ready”.
Specimen Received: When the sample has been received by the lab
Ordered: After the order has been placed, prior to the sample being received
Report Ready: When the report is finalized and results are ready. This does not include a copy of the report.
Cancelled: One or more tests in the order have been cancelled
On Hold: One or more tests in the order are on hold
I want to specify a person to receive the report when the results are ready
The “Results Ready” notification status is only an alert that the order is completed. It does not include a copy of the results.
You can select an individual to receive a copy of the results during order entry
In section 1, choose “Add additional reporting provider” and enter the person’s information.
I want to set one-time notification preferences for a single portal order
When you place an order in the portal, the confirmation page will display the current notifications settings (based on yours and others’ saved preferences).
To make changes to your notifications, use the checkboxes to add/remove selections.
If others have saved a preference to be notified for your orders, you will see them listed with their saved preferences. If you need to change those settings for this order, click “edit” to adjust the notifications.
Click “Add Additional People” to add one or more individuals from your account who should receive notification emails.
The changes will only apply to that specific order, and will not update or override your previously saved changes.
I want to set notification preferences for portal orders placed by others in my account(s)
This section allows you to customize the emails you receive when others in your account(s) place orders in the portal.
Search for users in your accounts and add them to the list.
Select the statuses for which you want to receive notifications.
These settings are only for emails you receive and will not affect the user placing the order.
If you need to specify different accounts for each person, you may do so.
Click “Remove” to remove that person from your list. Click “Edit” to make changes.
Click “Save Settings” to save your preferences.
I want to set notification preferences for orders I place in the portal
This section allows you to customize the emails you receive when placing an order in the portal.
The first section displays settings for “all accounts”.
Select individual statuses for which you wish to receive a notification email. You can also use “All/None” to select statuses.
If you wish to set different preferences for your different accounts, you can do so in the second section.
·         Click “Save Settings” to save your preferences.
Troubleshooting
I cannot locate the report for my order
If your order has a "Report Ready" status, please click on the PDF icon in order to open the pdf document with the report.
For further assistance, please contact customer service at (888) 729-1206 or genedx@genedx.com.
I can’t find the order I am looking for
Please see “How do I use the My Orders section?” and “How do I use the Patients section?” for more information. If you are unable to find the order or patient after reviewing these instructions, please contact customer service at (888) 729-1206 or genedx@genedx.com for assistance.
How can I contact GeneDx for assistance with the portal?
Please use one of the following to reach our customer service team:
Phone: Toll-Free (888) 729-1206 or (301) 519-2100
Email: genedx@genedx.com
Chat: Please go to www.genedx.com to chat with a member of our customer service team by clicking the
“Live Chat” icon and a chat window will open.
I am receiving duplicate notifications from GeneDx
If you used to receive notifications from CareEvolve.genedx.com and recently registered for the GeneDx portal, please contact customer service at (888) 729-1206 or genedx@genedx.com to have this resolved.
My test status says “Cancelled” but I did not cancel the test
It's possible that "Cancelled" means a generic test code was changed to the specific test code for the test you chose.
If you believe the status of the test to be in error, please contact customer service at (888) 729-1206 or genedx@genedx.com
My test status says “On Hold”. How can I find out why?
Please contact your sales representative, or GeneDx Customer Service at (888) 729-1206 or genedx@genedx.com.
My test status says “Cancelled”. How can I find out why?
Please contact your sales representative, or GeneDx Customer Service at (888) 729-1206 or genedx@genedx.com.
Still need help?
Contact us at zebras@genedx.com
Important Cookies Information – This message will only appear once. GeneDx, Inc., a subsidiary of Bio-Reference Laboratories, Inc. and OPKO websites use cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. For more details about cookies and their use, please see our
Privacy Policy.I AGREE