http://www.hallaitken.co.uk/privacy-policy/
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. By using our website you consent yo our use of cookies. Find out more about cookies
I Agree
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how Hall Aitken uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website.
Hall Aitken is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Hall Aitken may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1 May 2018.
Visitors to our website
When someone visits www.hallaitken.co.uk we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Newsletter - What we collect
We collect the most basic contact data, specifically: Your name Your email address And your organisation, if provided.
We use this information only to distrubute our newsletter. We do not share the details with anyone else nor use the information for any other purpose. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Contact us - What we collect
On our Contact Us for we ask for: Your name Your organisation And your email address. We also ask for you job title, telephone number and the reason for contact.
We use this information only to respond to your contact. We do not share the details with anyone else nor do we use the information for any other purpose, i.e. newsletter, with implicit acceptance.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@hallaitken.co.uk.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties for any reason.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to info@hallaitken.co.uk.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Share this page
Back to top