http://www.genetics.org/content/scope-and-publication-policies
Skip to main content
Scope and Publication Policies
Contents
Criteria for Publication
Note on COVID-19
Authorship
Copyright
Conflicts of Interest
Funding Agencies and Compliance
Informed Consent/Privacy and Confidentiality
Protection of Human and Animal Subjects
Scientific Misconduct
Data and Reagent Policy
Research Materials
Image Manipulation
Preprint Deposits
Publication Charges
GENETICS, published by The Genetics Society of America, publishes high-quality, original research presenting novel findings bearing on genetics and genomics. The journal publishes empirical studies of organisms ranging from microbes to mouse to man, as well as theoretical work. GENETICS also publishes Review, Commentary (current issues of interest to geneticists), and Perspectives (historical) articles, as well as Primer articles focused on the teaching of genetics.
GENETICS is a peer-reviewed, peer-edited journal. All editorial decisions are made through collaboration of at least two peer-editors.
Criteria for Publication
GENETICS considers for publication manuscripts that are of general interest to a wide range of genetics and genomics investigators or of extraordinary interest to specialists. The results presented must provide strong support for the conclusions reached. The study must also provide significant new insights into a biological process, or demonstrate novel and creative approaches to an important biological problem, or describe development of new resources, methods, technologies, or tools of interest to a wide range of geneticists.
Please consider submitting manuscripts that do not fit these criteria to our sister journal G3: Genes|Genomes|Genetics.
Because the editors appreciate that competing studies often complement each other, recent publication of similar articles by others does not necessarily preclude consideration of a manuscript for publication in GENETICS.
Note on COVID-19
We recognize that the continuing slowdown of research due to COVID-19 can make it difficult to respond to editor and reviewer suggestions for improving manuscripts, especially when additional experiments are suggested. We have encouraged our editors to take these constraints into consideration as they render decisions on manuscripts.
Our editors have always been conscious of the balance between the improvement that additional data can add to a manuscript and the cost—to authors and to the community—of delaying publication. They strive to minimize the re-review of manuscripts and to write clear, decision letters that help guide authors to improve their papers. They will redouble these efforts in light of our current situation.
Please don’t hesitate to contact the editor handling your manuscript and/or Editorial Staff if you feel you need accommodations throughout the review process.
Authorship
Authors are those who contributed substantially to the research documented in the paper and share responsibility for the resulting article. The names of these researchers should appear in the byline. Those who assisted peripherally but are not authors should be recognized in the Acknowledgments. All authors are responsible for the article's content. A Co-corresponding Author(s) can be designated, but the Corresponding Author has the authority to act on behalf of all authors. Authorship data entered during manuscript submission appears in the published-ahead-of-print version, so be sure to complete all fields. To avoid production delays post-acceptance, please be sure that the author list is final and accurate at time of first submission. If there are changes post-acceptance please contact the Editorial Office to discuss the authorship changes. GENETICS follows COPE (Committee on Publication Ethics) guidelines and will obtain approval from the editor and all authors for authorship changes.
Copyright
The corresponding author represents all authors in signing a copyright transfer agreement. Upon manuscript acceptance, copyright becomes held by the Genetics Society of America. Under no circumstances can an author deposit an article into a departmental or institutional repository, or distribute, use, or modify for any commercial or non-commercial endeavor without the permission of the Genetics Society of America. The corresponding author must also obtain permission to reproduce figures, tables, or text from other copyrighted material.
If your Funder mandates that your research article be published under a Creative Commons License or if you desire another option, please contact us to choose a modified author choice open access option and arrange for the appropriate license to be used. Some authors have explained that they do not wish to grant others the right to modify and/or sell their content, so we do offer a choice for content to be made freely-available.
Conflicts of Interest
GENETICS follows the COPE (Committee on Publication Ethics) guidelines. Upon manuscript submission, the corresponding author must describe any affiliations that may present a conflict of interest in either the choice of Senior Editors, Associate Editors, or reviewers. This information will remain confidential.
Additionally, authors must disclose any financial or intellectual competing interest in connection with the manuscript. Examples could include employment, funding, personal financial interest such as stocks or patents, and non-financial competing interests such as membership on committees or advisory councils.
Authors should list financial and intellectual competing interests as a footnote within the article. Publication of declared conflicts of interest does not imply unethical behavior on part of the authors or invalidation of the science within the article; rather, the divulgence of competing interests ensures that readers are adequately informed and promotes transparency.
Funding Agencies and Compliance
All funding sources must be recognized in the Acknowledgments. This information must include the source's complete name, grant numbers, and institutional publication codes (if applicable).
Informed Consent/Privacy and Confidentiality
Authors must ensure that these guidelines are followed, as recommended directly by the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors in the Uniform Requirements for Manuscripts Submitted to Biomedical Journals at http://www.icmje.org:
"Patients have a right to privacy that should not be violated without informed consent. Identifying information, including names, initials, or hospital numbers, should not be published in written descriptions, photographs, or pedigrees unless the information is essential for scientific purposes and the patient (or parent or guardian) gives written informed consent for publication. Informed consent for this purpose requires that an identifiable patient be shown the manuscript to be published. Authors should disclose to these patients whether any potential identifiable material might be available via the Internet as well as in print after publication. Patient consent should be written and archived with the journal, the authors, or both, as dictated by local regulations or laws.
"Nonessential identifying details should be omitted. Informed consent should be obtained if there is any doubt that anonymity can be maintained...If identifying characteristics are altered to protect anonymity, such as in genetic pedigrees, authors should provide assurance, and editors should so note, that such alterations do not distort scientific meaning."
For GENETICS, when informed consent is deemed necessary and has been obtained, please indicate in the Methods section the manner in which that informed consent was obtained. Editors may ask authors to provide documentation of the formal review and recommendation from the institutional review board or ethics committee associated with the research. See also Human Subject Data in these instructions.
Protection of Human and Animal Subjects
Authors must ensure that these guidelines are followed, as recommended directly by the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors in the Uniform Requirements for Manuscripts Submitted to Biomedical Journals at http://www.icmje.org:
"When reporting experiments on human subjects, authors should indicate whether the procedures followed were in accordance with the ethical standards of the responsible committee on human experimentation (institutional and national) and with the Helsinki Declaration of 1975, as revised in 2008 (5). If doubt exists whether the research was conducted in accordance with the Helsinki Declaration, the authors must explain the rationale for their approach and demonstrate that the institutional review body explicitly approved the doubtful aspects of the study. When reporting experiments on animals, authors should indicate whether the institutional and national guide for the care and use of laboratory animals was followed."
Scientific Misconduct
GENETICS and G3: Genes|Genomes|Genetics take allegations of scientific misconduct seriously and investigate each on a case by case basis. We consult the guidelines provided by COPE (Committee on Publication Ethics), International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE), and the World Association of Medical Editors (WAME) during this process.
GENETICS and G3 reserve the right to contact the authors’ institutions, funders, or regulatory bodies if needed. Should the allegations occur prior to publication of the article, we reserve the right to halt the peer review and publication process until the investigation is complete. In the case of published articles we will take the appropriate steps to correct the scientific record. These may include issuing an expression of concern or retraction of the published article.
We encourage authors to follow the guidelines for good research practice outlined at the following sites.
COPE
Responsible Conduct of Research NIH
National Research Ethics Centre
Authors should follow our journal guidelines for declaring authorship, conflicts of interest, statement of informed consent/privacy and confidentiality, and statement of human and animal rights. Additional areas for concern include, but are not limited to, falsification or distortion of data, failure to provide data post acceptance, duplicate publication, and plagiarism.
GENETICS and G3 do not consider cases of unintentional error to be misconduct. In those cases, where a small portion of the publication contains an honest error, or the author list is incorrect, we will publish a Corrigendum.
Please address any concerns or questions regarding GENETICS to Mark Johnston, Editor in Chief and Tracey Connelly, Executive Editor.
Data and Reagent Policy
When you publish in GENETICS, you help to catalyze scientific advances by sharing your experimental reagents, results and interpretations. For these articles to have the greatest impact, authors need to make unique research materials and data freely available to other investigators (see Genetics, 184: 1).
Data
All data that are not represented fully within the tables and figures and necessary for confirming the conclusions presented in your manuscript must be made publicly available. For studies that include genotype and DNA sequences, the genotypes or sequences for all individuals should be provided in common formats, such as alignment, VCF, or plain-text files, and raw sequence reads should be deposited in a public repository. If publicly available data are used, the authors should provide details of which sequences or positions were included in final analyses so that the reader can replicate the results easily. Additionally, any new software reported in a manuscript must be made publicly available.
Data should be archived in a public repository or database managed by a third party. To facilitate the archiving and sharing of data and software, GENETICS has partnered with figshare so that authors can upload data, supplemental material, and software through the GSA portal; see Supplemental Material for instructions. Authors may use other third-party repositories and databases if desired.
At the end of the Materials and Methods section in the manuscript, authors must include a statement on reagent, software, and data availability. This statement points editors, reviewers, and readers to the data necessary for confirming the findings of your manuscript.
In rare cases, exceptions to this policy may be granted in response to a written description of the compelling reasons for withholding data; authors should include these reasons in their cover letter upon initial submission of the manuscript. All exceptions must be approved by the Editor in Chief.
Which data should I archive online?
Where should I archive data?
Can I archive the data on my personal or lab website?
What information should accompany the data?
What format should the data be in?
Do I have to provide software and code used for analysis?
Do I have to provide the simulated data I used for testing a method?
What data should I provide for a quantitative trait study?
What if the data I'm using are proprietary?
What if I used previously published data?
What if all of my data is represented in the manuscript itself?
Who should I contact if I have questions about the data policy?
Which data should I archive online?
You must archive online any data that cannot be represented fully within the tables and figures of the manuscript, but that is necessary for confirming the conclusions presented in your manuscript (e.g. genome-scale data, phenotype screen results, nucleotide sequences, genetic mapping data, relational databases), as well as data that were used in the final analyses. For studies that include genotype and DNA sequences, the genotypes or sequences for all individuals should be provided in a common format (in addition to depositing raw sequence-reads in a public repository). These formats can be alignments, vcf, or plain-text files. Other researchers need such data in order to interpret, replicate or build upon your work.
These datasets should be made available online at the time of publication in one of the ways described below.
Where should I archive data?
The preferred method is to archive the data with a public repository or database that is managed by a third-party, with assurances of long-term stability, redundancy, and accessibility. GENETICS has partnered with figshare for this purpose, though other services such as Dryad or Zenodo are also appropriate. Specialized data should be deposited at appropriate archives; for example, gene sequences must be deposited with GenBank, EMBL-Bank, DDBJ, or SRA and genome-wide gene expression data at GEO or Array Express.
Specialized data repositories are also acceptable for certain types of datasets. Examples include but are not limited to CIMMYT's Dataverse, NCSU's Drosophila Genetics Reference Panel, and Jackson Laboratory databases. If you have questions about the suitability of an insitutionally-affiliated data repository, please email genetics-gsa@thegsajournals.org.
Can I archive the data only on my personal or lab website?
Not unless there are compelling reasons for such archiving. It is difficult to guarantee that personal or lab websites will be maintained as long-term data archives. GENETICS provides storage via figshare and can help you to identify alternative archives if necessary.
What information should accompany the data?
You should provide enough information to allow other researchers to understand and use the data and to replicate your analysis (in conjunction with the article). We encourage you to provide additional information and annotations that would be helpful for someone who is unfamiliar with the details of your experiment.
What format should the data be in?
The file format depends on the data type, but in general you should use the format most likely to be useful for computational analysis by a third party. For example, you should not use PDF (or other static) format for text-based data files (e.g. spreadsheets).
Do I have to provide software and code used for analysis?
If you have developed software, applications, or have used custom code that would be required by someone trying to replicate your analysis, you will need to make these available in a public repository managed by a third party, just as for other data types; we’ve partnered with figshare for that reason. You will also have to license your software, and the terms of the license need to be described in the data availability statement at the end of the Materials and Methods section of your manuscript.  We strongly encourage you to use an open source license.
Do I have to provide the simulated data I used for testing a method?
Not necessarily. But you will need to describe the method used to simulate the data in enough detail to allow another researcher to replicate the simulation. For example, you could provide an overview of the method in the article text and upload as supplementary information the scripts that you used to generate the simulated data.
What about privacy concerns for human data?
Data from human research participants should be available in a manner compliant with the relevant IRB rules and restrictions (IRB numbers must be listed in the manuscript), and with assurance that the requisite informed consent was obtained. Authors should submit data from GWAS and other studies of human participants that connect genotypes and phenotypes to dbGaP. If the data are not accepted by dbGaP, proof of this event must be provided. Sufficient supporting data (metadata) must be provided so the study can be used in future meta-analyses. The standardized dbSNP format for all questionnaires and detailed descriptions of phenotyping, as well as all analyzed SNP names, should be used. We encourage provision of other supporting data. We may request additional data during the review process. For example, reviewers may ask for a specific analysis and output to determine whether population structure has been properly accounted for.
What data should I provide for a quantitative trait study?
For quantitative trait studies, including QTL mapping and GWAS, we ask that you provide all the data used in the analysis. This includes all genotypes, phenotypes, marker information (e.g. linkage map or list of SNP locations), and any population structure information. In addition, you should provide enough details of the analysis methods and software used such that another researcher could repeat the analysis steps using the raw data.
Please be sure to include a detailed description of the locations of these data in the Data Availability Statement at the end of your Materials and Methods. We recommend using the Data Availability Statement from Stanley et al., 2017 as a reference.
What if the data I'm using are proprietary?
Proprietary data should be made freely available; it can be in a deidentified format, if necessary. In rare cases requests to make raw data available upon request will be considered. In such a case, authors must include the full rationale for withholding data in the Data Availability Statement. They must also explain how requests for data will be handled, including:
Procedure for requesting access to the full data;
Parties responsible for evaluating requests (an author cannot be the sole named individual responsible for ensuring data access);
Criteria and procedure used to evaluate such requests;
Description of any conditions for gaining access to the data;
Expected response time to requests for data access;
Description of what usage or types of requests would lead to a denial of access.
An exception will be granted only if the editors are convinced that reasonable requests for access to the data will be approved in a timely fashion and with acceptable conditions and limitations.
Regardless of any exception granted for full genotype and/or phenotype data, authors must provide detailed summary statistics. For genomic selection papers, we need genotypes but not necessarily SNP identities. For GWAS studies, this includes p-values, estimated effects, allele frequencies, and other related measures for all SNVs. If you're doing GWAS, we'll need to know the SNP identities to replicate the analysis, but you can use any sample naming scheme you prefer to protect your data. A minimum level of genetic information for evaluation of the manuscript will be required and must include the genomic locations and specific alleles for all variants cited in the manuscript.
What if I used previously published data?
If you used previously-published data, the data availability must still comply with the GSA Journals’ policy (e.g. is available to investigators). If not, you will need to make arrangements with the owners or custodians or the data to ensure it is available.
How do I use published data in an ethical manner?
While authors have a responsibility to make all the data supporting the conclusions described in their paper publicly available, people who use that data have a responsibility to use it ethically. Authors must:
Cite the source of the data in manuscripts that result from its analysis, including a clear statement of the data source;
We urge users of published data to:
Make the people who generated the data aware of its use;
Offer data generators the opportunity to review manuscripts describing analysis of their data before submission, when appropriate;
Offer authorship to data generators when appropriate and justified.
What if all of my data is represented in the manuscript itself?
Write a data availability statement that affirms this.
For example: The authors affirm that all data necessary for confirming the conclusions of this article are represented fully within the article and its tables and figures.
Who should I contact if I have questions about the data policy?
genetics-gsa@thegsajournals.org
Research Materials
If your manuscript is accepted for publication, you agree to provide any unique research materials at reasonable cost to any investigator who requests them. You are permitted to require that the materials be used only for non-commercial purposes and that the recipient not transfer the materials to a third party without your consent. You may request reasonable payment for costs of sending the material (e.g. shipping and customs fees).
We also encourage authors to deposit unique research materials to established repositories. Examples include but are not limited to: Addgene, Drosophila stock centers, C. elegans stock centers, and other stock centers as appropriate.
Examples of unique research materials are strains, plasmids, antibodies (including cell lines producing monoclonal antibodies), and software programs or applications.
Image Manipulation
Images must not be manipulated in any way that misrepresents the original data. Examples of inappropriate manipulations include:
Selective alteration of specific features or regions within an image, e.g. removing or obscuring bands in a gel photo, or enhancing brightness for a specific cell within a group;
Grouping together images without clearly indicating the edit using dividing lines or some other visual marker, e.g. combining lanes from different gels into a composite image;
Selectively making the image background appear more uniform, e.g. “erasing” background noise;
Duplicating images (e.g. controls) in different figures or parts of a figure without clearly indicating this duplication in the figure legend.
Adjustments to brightness, contrast, and color balance that clarify presentation of the data are acceptable only if they are applied uniformly to the entire image. Non-linear adjustments (such as gamma setting adjustments) should be noted in the text.
If editors suspect any images in your manuscript have been inappropriately manipulated, they may request the original image files for comparison. If original files are not available or reveal inappropriate manipulations, the editors may reject or withdraw acceptance of your manuscript.
Preprint Deposits
GENETICS allows authors to deposit manuscripts prior to acceptance (both those under review and those intended for submission to GENETICS) in preprint servers such as ArXiv and bioRxiv. After the article is accepted, authors may not upload the manuscript to a preprint server.  GENETICS publishes the manuscript via “early online”, which makes the manuscript freely accessible within days of its acceptance.  Upon final publication in GENETICS, authors should update their preprint server record to include a journal reference (including DOI), link to the published article on the GENETICS website, and include the acknowledgment: "The published article is available at www.genetics.org." For example, see http://arxiv.org/help/jref for details.
Publication Charges
2019 page charges are $80 per page for corresponding authors who are members of the Genetics Society of America and $100 per page for non-members. Charges are assessed via "pages" of the PDF file. Figure charges are $45 per figure (all figures); GENETICS does not charge for color figures. Supporting Material charges are $295/article; there is no charge publication of the Reagent Table.
GENETICS offers an optional author choice open access option. Authors who are members of the Genetics Society of America can choose the open access option for an additional charge of $1,500, or if a non-member for $2,000. Read about additional benefits of joining the Genetics Society of America here. This author choice open access makes your article freely available to all readers (regardless of subscription) immediately after publication. Copyright remains with the Genetics Society of America as outlined in our copyright policy. If your Funder mandates that your research article be published under a Creative Commons License or if you desire another option, please contact us to choose a modified author choice open access option and arrange for the appropriate license to be used. Some authors have explained that they do not wish to grant others the right to modify and/or sell their content, so we do offer a choice for content to be made freely-available.
While no article will be refused because of an author's inability to pay page charges, authors citing grant support are assumed to have the resources to pay for publication charges. To request a waiver, please contact us. Authors are expected to pay all the extra costs of handling an article that are made necessary by author alterations-changes in galley proof not due to printer's error-or by changes made necessary because the printer could not interpret the author's intention owing to poorly prepared copy, incorrect file formatting, extra rounds of corrections, or inadequately organized tables. Such charges will not be waived. At time of proof, you will receive an e-mail from aubilling.djs@sheridan.com that will invite you to view the estimated publication charges and give you the opportunity to order reprints. All charges will be billed on one invoice soon after the article has been prepared.