http://www.jumo.co.uk/en_GB/company/privacy.html
JUMO
More than sensors+automation
Search
Search term
Search
Home
Company
History
Career
Current Vacancies
Certificates
Social competence
International Locations
Products
Product spectrum
Metal Technology
Electronic modules
Industry
Food and beverage
Water and wastewater
Pharmaceutical and biotechnology
Renewable energies
Railway technology
Heating and air conditioning
Shipbuilding
Plastics and packaging
Industrial furnaces
Chemical
Engineering
Overview
What is JUMO Engineering
Racetrack application
Applications
Contact
Support/Services
Production Service
Information & Training
Product Service
Maintenance & Calibration
Download
Dates
Trade fair dates
Seminars
Press
Latest press releases
Press release archive
Press-Newsletter
Press contact
Contact
International locations
Home
Company
Company
Privacy Policy
Career
Current Vacancies
Certificates
History
Social competence
International Locations
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy is Our Concern
This privacy policy contains information as to which data JUMO Instrument Co Ltd, JUMO House, Temple Bank, Riverway, Harlow, Essex CM20 2DY and it's Headquarters JUMO GmbH & Co. KG, Moritz-Juchheim-Str. 1, 36039 Fulda, Germany (hereinafter JUMO GmbH & Co. KG or we) collects and how we process this data.
We thank you for your interest in our company as well as our products and services. We would like to ensure that you feel secure when you visit our website, also in regard to the protection of your personal data. Because we take the protection of your personal data very seriously, we handle your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy. Compliance with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is a matter of course for us. We want you to know what data we collect at which point, and how we use it.
General Information about Data Processing
1. Scope of Processing Personal Data
We only collect and use our users' personal data insofar as this is necessary to provide a functional website as well as our content and services. Our users' personal data is only collected and used with the user's consent. An exception applies in cases where prior consent cannot be obtained for practical reasons and the processing of data is permitted by law.
2. Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
Insofar as we obtain consent from the data subject for the processing of personal data, Art. 6 Para. 1 (a) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) serves as the legal basis for processing personal data. Art. 6 Para. 1 (b) of GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing personal data required for the fulfillment of a contract where the data subject is a contractual party. This also applies to processing operations that are required to carry out pre-contractual measures. Art. 6 Para. 1 (c) of GDPR serves as the legal basis insofar as processing personal data is required for the fulfillment of a legal obligation to which our company is subject. Art. 6 Para 1 (d) of GDPR serves as the legal basis in the event that the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person require the processing of personal data. Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) of GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing if processing is required to safeguard a legitimate interest of our company or a third party and if the interests, fundamental rights, and freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh the first-mentioned interest.
3. Deletion of Data and Duration of Storage
The personal data of the data subject will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of storage ceases to apply. Data may be stored beyond this period if this has been foreseen by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or other provisions to which the person responsible is subject. The data will also be blocked or deleted if a storage period prescribed by the aforementioned standards expires, unless there is a need for further storage of data for the conclusion or fulfillment of a contract.
Automatically Collected Non-Personal Data
For organizational and technical purposes, the following data is saved during use of our website:
Information about the browser type and version used
The user's operating system
The user's Internet service provider
The user's IP address
Date and time of access
Websites from which the user's system accesses our website
Websites accessed by the user's system via our website
We evaluate this technical data anonymously and solely for statistical purposes so that we can constantly optimize our website and make it even more attractive for you. The temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary to enable the website to be delivered to the user's computer. The user's IP address remains stored for this purpose for the duration of the session. Furthermore, we use this data to detect cases of misuse and to document and prevent these attempts.
Use of Cookies
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in the Internet browser or by the Internet browser on the user's computer system. If a user visits a website, a cookie may be stored on the user's operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic string that enables the browser to be identified if the website is accessed again.
We use cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some elements of our website also require it to be possible to identify the requesting browser after a page change.
The following data is stored and transmitted in the cookies:
Items in a shopping cart: the user's data is saved in the user session until the order is completed.
We also use cookies on our website which enable an analysis of the user's surfing behavior. This way, the following data can be transmitted:
Entered search terms
Frequency of page views
Use of website functions
The user data collected in this way is pseudonymized by technical precautions. It is therefore no longer possible to assign the data to the user. The data is not stored together with other personal user data.
When visiting our website, an information banner informs users about the use of cookies for analytical purposes and refers them to this privacy policy. In this context, there is also a note about how to prevent cookies being stored by means of the browser settings. The purpose of using technically necessary cookies is to simplify use of websites for users. Some functions of our website cannot be provided without the use of cookies. Such functions require the browser to be recognized after a page change.
We need cookies for the following applications:
Cart
Remembering search terms
The user data collected by technically necessary cookies is not used to create user profiles. The use of analysis cookies (browser, Java script capability, screen resolution, end device used, bandwidth, location) is for the purpose of improving the quality of our website and its contents. The analysis cookies tell us how the website is used and this allows us to continuously optimize our offer.
Cookies are stored on the user's computer and transmitted to our site. Therefore, you as a user also have full control over the use of cookies. You can disable or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings in your Internet browser. Cookies that have already been saved can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are disabled for our website, it may no longer be possible to use all functions of the website to their fullest extent.
Security
We have taken technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data from loss, destruction, manipulation, and unauthorized access. All of our employees and all of the third parties involved in processing data are obliged to comply with the German Federal Data Protection Act and treat personal data confidentially. When personal data is collected and processed, the information is transmitted in encrypted form to prevent misuse of the data by third parties. Our security measures are continuously revised according to technological developments. We also use a secure data connection (https) to transmit data in the shop area of our website.
Contact Form
There are several contact forms on our website that can be used for electronic contact. If a user uses this option, the data entered in the input mask will be transmitted to us and stored. This data includes:
Topic
Name
Company
Street
Postcode
Location
Email
Phone
Position
Your message
The following data is also stored at the time the message is sent:
Data and time of sending
Your consent is obtained for processing the data within the scope of the sending process, and reference is made to this privacy policy. Alternatively, you can contact us via the email address provided. In this case, the user's personal data transmitted by email is stored. In this context, the data is not passed on to third parties. The data is used exclusively for processing the conversation.
The legal basis for processing data is Art. 6 Para. 1 (a) of GDPR if the user has given his/her consent. The legal basis for processing data transmitted in the course of sending an email is Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) of GDPR. If the aim of email contact is the conclusion of a contract, then an additional legal basis for processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 (b) of GDPR.
Personal data from the input mask is only processed for the purpose of handling the contact request. In the event of a contact request by email, this also constitutes the necessary legitimate interest in the processing of data. The other personal data processed during the sending process serves to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of our information technology systems. The data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected.
The user can revoke his/her consent to the processing of personal data at any time. If the user contacts us by email, he/she can object to the storage of his/her personal data at any time. In such cases, the conversation cannot be continued. The user can revoke his/her consent at any time by email, telephone, fax, or letter. All personal data stored in the course of establishing contact is deleted in this case.
Confirmation of Contact/Customer Information
As a result of establishing contact with us through a contact form on the Internet, by email, or in personal form (visit, call, visit to a trade fair), during which your transmitted personal data is stored, we will send you a confirmation of the contact in the form of customer information. In this context, the data will not be passed on to third parties. The data is used exclusively for processing the conversation. The data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected.
The user can revoke his/her consent to the processing of personal data at any time. If the user contacts us by email, he/she can object to the storage of his/her personal data at any time. In such cases, the conversation cannot be continued. The user can revoke his/her consent at any time by email, telephone, fax, or letter. All personal data stored in the course of establishing contact will be deleted in this case.
Webinars
Webinars provide the opportunity for communication between us and a group of people who register online for a digital conference for the purpose of procuring information. When you register for a webinar, the following data is required to support the process:
First and last name,
Gender,
Email address,
Company,
In order to offer the "Webinar" service, JUMO GmbH & Co. KG uses the GoToWebinar service from Citrix, Citrix Headquarters, 4988 Great America Parkway, Santa Clara, CA 95054, United States. Citrix is responsible for the provision of this service and the data processing connected with Citrix. You will find Citrix's privacy policy here: https://www.citrix.com/about/legal/privacy/.
We send your email, last name, and first name to Citrix in the scope of the holding the webinar specific to the order. Aggregated statistical data is transmitted to JUMO GmbH & Co. KG once the webinar is finished. If you asked a question during the webinar, we will also receive information relating to the question you asked, such as first name, last name, email address in order to process your request after the webinar. We ourselves are responsible for the data stored at and by JUMO GmbH & Co. KG within the scope of this process.
When you register to take part, you will receive further information and reminders about the event before and after the event by email.
Newsletters
You can subscribe to a free newsletter on our website. When registering for the newsletter, the data from the input mask is transmitted to us.
The following data is also collected during the registration process:
IP address of the accessing computer
Date and time of the registration
Topics on which you will receive newsletters
Your consent is obtained for processing the data within the scope of the registration process and reference is made to this privacy policy. The data is not passed on to third parties in connection with data processing for sending newsletters. The data is used exclusively for sending the newsletter. The purpose of collecting the email address is to send the newsletter. The collection of other personal data as part of the registration process serves to prevent misuse of the services or the email address used.
Duration of storage
The data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. The user's email address and the data collected within the scope of the double opt-in (IP address, date and time of registration) are therefore stored for as long as the subscription to the newsletter is active. Other personal data collected in the course of the registration process will generally be deleted after a period of seven days.
The subscription to the newsletter can be canceled by the respective user at any time. There is a corresponding link in each newsletter.
This also allows you to revoke your consent to the storage of personal data collected during the registration process.
Use of Facebook Plugins
As part of our Internet presence we use social plugins from the facebook.com social network, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook"). The plugins are identifiable by one of the Facebook logos (white "f" on a blue tile, "Like" button, or a "thumbs up" symbol) or labeled with the phrase "Facebook social plugin". The list and appearance of the Facebook social plugins can be viewed here: http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins. If you visit a website containing one of these plugins, your browser normally opens a direct connection to the Facebook servers and transmits data to Facebook to be saved on servers there. This happens without your consent and does not require a button click. The content of the plugin is transmitted directly to your browser from Facebook and, from there, it is integrated into the website. For this reason, we have no influence on the extent to which Facebook collects the data with this plugin; as a result, we want to inform you about our level of knowledge:
http://www.facebook.com/help/?faq=17512
By activating and integrating the plugins, Facebook is informed that you viewed the corresponding page of our website. If you are logged in on Facebook, Facebook can assign the visit to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plugins, for example, if you click the "Like" button or submit a comment, the corresponding information is sent directly to Facebook from your browser and saved there. If you do not have a Facebook account, it is still possible for Facebook to receive and save your IP address. Please see Facebook's privacy policy to learn the purpose and scope of data collection and further processing and use of the data by Facebook as well as your rights and setting options to protect your privacy:
http://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
If you have a Facebook account and do not want Facebook to collect data about you through our website and link this data to your saved Facebook account data, you must log out of Facebook before visiting our website.
Use of Twitter
This site uses the buttons of the Twitter service. These buttons are provided by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. They are identifiable by terms such as "Twitter" or "Follow" together with a stylized blue bird. Using these buttons, it is possible to share an article or one of our pages via Twitter or to follow the provider on Twitter. If a user visits a page on this website that has one of these buttons, their browser opens a direct connection to Twitter's servers. The content of the Twitter buttons is transmitted directly from Twitter to the user's browser. For this reason, the provider has no influence on the scope of the data that Twitter collects using this plugin and wants to inform you about its level of knowledge accordingly. According to this, only the IP address of the user and the URL of the respective website is transmitted when this button is used, but only for the purpose of displaying the button. Further information concerning this can be found in Twitter's privacy policy at http://twitter.com/privacy. You can change your Twitter privacy settings in the account settings at:
https://twitter.com/account/settings.
Use of Instagram
Our pages include functions of the Instagram service. These functions are provided by Instagram Inc, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA. If you are logged into your Instagram account, you can link the contents of our pages to your Instagram profile by clicking the Instagram button. This allows Instagram to associate the visit to our pages with your user account. We would like to point out that, as the provider of these pages, we do not receive information about the content of the data transmitted or how Instagram uses it. Further information concerning this can be found in Instagram's privacy policy at:
https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/
Use of LinkedIn
Our website uses functions of the LinkedIn network. The provider is LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Every time you visit one of our pages that contains functions of LinkedIn, a connection to LinkedIn's servers is opened. LinkedIn is informed that you have visited our website with your IP address. If you click on the LinkedIn "Recommend button" and are logged into your LinkedIn account, LinkedIn is able to associate your visit to our website with you and your user account. We would like to point out that, as the provider of these pages, we do not have information about the content of the data transmitted or how LinkedIn uses it. Further information concerning this can be found in LinkedIn's privacy policy at:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Use of Xing
Our website uses functions of the XING network. The provider is XING AG, Dammtorstrasse 29- 32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Every time you visit one of our pages that contains functions of XING, a connection to XING's servers is established. To our knowledge, personal data is not being stored. In particular, no IP addresses are stored nor is usage behavior evaluated. Further information concerning data protection and the XING Share button can be found in XING's privacy policy at:
https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection
Use of Youtube
Our website uses plugins from Google's YouTube site. This website is operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. If you visit one of our pages with a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is opened. The YouTube server is informed as to which of our pages you visited. If you are logged into your YouTube account, you allow YouTube to associate your web usage behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account. Further information about how user data is handled can be found in YouTube's privacy policy at:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
Web Tracking - etracker
JUMO GmbH & Co. KG uses "etracker" software to determine visitor statistics. IP addresses are only saved in abbreviated form. Our website uses the etracker analysis service. The provider is etracker GmbH, Erste Brunnenstraﬂe 1, 20459 Hamburg, Germany. User profiles can be created under a pseudonym using this data. Cookies can be used for this. Cookies are small text files that are saved locally in the cache of your Internet browser. The cookies make it possible to identify your browser again. Data collected with etracker technologies is not used to identify the visitor of our website personally; the data is not combined with personal data relating to the owner of the pseudonym without the express consent of the individual concerned. You can revoke permission to collect and save data at any time with future effect. To prevent your visitor data from being collected and stored in the future, you can obtain an opt-out cookie from etracker via the following link. This will ensure that no visitor data from your browser is collected and stored by etracker in future:
https://www.etracker.de/privacy?et=V23Jbb
Order data processing
We have concluded a contract with etracker for order data processing and fully implement the stringent requirements of the German data protection authorities for the use of Google Analytics. Cookies from third parties on our website: We allow third parties to place cookies through our website. This concerns the use of "etracker" in particular. All data is saved on servers in Germany managed by JUMO GmbH & Co. KG and is subject to the German Federal Data Protection Act.
Please exclude me from the etracker count.
Web Tracking - Google Analytics
This website uses functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses cookies. Cookies are text files stored on your computer to enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
Browser plugin
You may refuse the use of cookies by configuring the appropriate settings in your browser software; however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by downloading and installing the browser plugin available under the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Objecting to data collection
You can prevent Google Analytics from collecting your data by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie is set which prevents the collection of your data upon future visits to this website: disable Google Analytics. For more information about how Google Analytics handles user data, please see Google's privacy policy at: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
Order data processing
We have concluded a contract with Google for order data processing and fully implement the stringent requirements of the German data protection authorities for the use of Google Analytics.
General Note about External Links
Where applicable for informational purposes, you will find external links to third party Internet sites on our website such as videos fromYouTube, map materials from Google Maps, RSS feeds, or images from other websites. We have no control over the content or presentationof external pages operated by third parties. The contents of this privacy policy may not apply there. Therefore please make sure you areinformed of the privacy policies provided by the respective provider. JUMO GmbH & Co. KG cannot be held responsible for measures takenby these websites or for their content.
Rights of the Data Subject
If your personal data is processed, you are affected within the meaning of the GDPR and you have the following rights vis-‡visthe person responsible:
1. Right to Information
You can ask the responsible person to confirm whether your personal data is processed by us.If such processing has taken place, you can request the following information from the responsible person:
(1) The purposes for which the personal data is processed.
(2) The categories of personal data processed.
(3) The recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data about you has been or will be disclosed.
(4) The planned duration of the storage of your personal data or, if specific information about this cannot be provided,criteria for determining the storage period.
(5) The existence of a right of rectification or deletion of your personal data, of a right to the restriction of processingby the data controller, or of a right to objection to such processing.
(6) The existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority.
(7) All available information about the origin of the data if the personal data is not collected from the data subject.
(8) The existence of automated decision-making, including profiling in accordance with Art. 22 Para. 1 and 4 of GDPRand ñ at least in these cases ñ meaningful information about the logic involved and the scope and intended effectsof such processing for the data subject.
You have the right to request information as to whether your personal data is transferred to a third country or to aninternational organization. In this context, you may request to be informed about the appropriate guarantees in accordancewith Art. 46 of GDPR in connection with the transmission.
2. Right to Rectification
You have a right to rectification and/or completion vis-‡-vis the data controller if the personal data processed concerning youis incorrect or incomplete. The data controller must make the correction without delay.
3. Right to Limitation of Processing
You may request that the processing of personal data concerning you be restricted under the following circumstances:
(1) If you dispute the accuracy of your personal data for a period of time that enables the data controller to verify theaccuracy of the personal data.
(2) The processing is unlawful and you refuse the deletion of the personal data and instead request that the use of thepersonal data be restricted.
(3) The data controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing, but you do need it to assert,exercise, or defend legal claims.
(4) If you have filed an objection to the processing in accordance with Art. 21 Para. 1 of GDPR and it has not yet beendetermined whether the legitimate reasons of the data controller outweigh your reasons.
If the processing of your personal data has been restricted, such data may only be processed ñ apart from being stored ñ withyour consent or for the purpose of asserting, exercising, or defending rights or protecting the rights of another natural orlegal person or on grounds of an important public interest of the European Union or a member state. If the processingrestriction has been restricted according to the above conditions, you will be informed by the data controller before therestriction is lifted.
4. Right to Deletion
Deletion Obligation
You may request the data controller to delete your personal data without delay and he/she is obliged to delete this datawithout delay if one of the following reasons applies:
(1) Your personal data is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed.
(2) You revoke your consent, on which the processing was based in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 (a) or Art. 9 Para. 2
(a) of GDPR, and there is no other legal basis for the processing.
(3) You file an objection against the processing in accordance with Art. 21 Para. 1 of GDPR and there are no overridinglegitimate reasons for the processing, or you file an objection against the processing in accordance with Art. 21Para. 2 of GDPR.
(4) Your personal data has been processed unlawfully.
(5) The deletion of your personal data is required to fulfill a legal obligation under European Union law or the law ofthe member states to which the data controller is subject.
(6) Your personal data has been collected in relation to information society services offered in accordance with Art. 8Para. 1 of GDPR.
Information to Third Parties
If the data controller has made your personal data public and is obliged to delete it in accordance with Art. 17 Para. 1 ofGDPR, he/she shall take appropriate measures, including technical measures, taking into account the available technologyand the implementation costs, to inform those who process the personal data that you as the data subject have requestedthe deletion of all links to this personal data or of copies or replications of this personal data.
Exceptions
The right to deletion does not exist insofar as the processing is necessary, for example:
(1) To exercise freedom of expression and information.
(2) To fulfill a legal obligation required for processing under the law of the European Union or of member states towhich the data controller is subject or to carry out a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authorityconferred on the data controller.
(3) For reasons of public interest in the area of public health in accordance with Art. 9 Para. 2 (h) and (i) and Art. 9 Para.3 of GDPR.
(4) For archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes inaccordance with Art. 89 Para. 1 of GDPR, insofar as the law referred to under section a) is likely to render impossibleor seriously impair the attainment of the objectives of such processing.
(5) To assert, exercise, or defend legal claims.
5. Right to be Informed
If you have exercised your right to have the data controller correct, delete, or restrict data processing, he/she is obliged toinform all recipients to whom your personal data has been disclosed of this correction or deletion of the data or restrictionon processing, unless this proves impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. You have the right to be informed by thedata controller about such recipients.
6. Right to Data Transferability
You have the right to receive such personal data as relates to you that you provided to the data controller in a structured,common, and machine-readable format. In addition, you have the right to pass this data on to another data controller withoutobstruction by the data controller to whom the personal data was made available, provided that:
(1) Processing is based on consent in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 (a) of GDPR or Art. 9 Para. 2 (a) of GDPR or on acontract in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 (b) of GDPR.
(2) Processing is carried out using automated methods.
In exercising this right, you also have the right to request that your personal data be transferred directly from one datacontroller to another data controller, insofar as this is technically feasible. The freedoms and rights of other persons must notbe affected by this. The right to data transferability shall not apply to the processing of personal data required for theperformance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of an official authorization conferred on the data controller.
7. Right of Objection
You have the right to file an objection at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to the processing of yourpersonal data in accordance with Art 6. Para. 1 (e) or (f) of GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. Thedata controller shall no longer processes your personal data unless he/she can prove compelling and legitimate grounds forprocessing, which outweigh your interests, rights, and freedoms or the processing serves to assert, exercise, or defend legalclaims. If your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to file an objection at any time tothe processing of your personal data for the purpose of such marketing; this also applies to profiling, insofar as it is associatedwith such direct marketing. If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, your personal data will no longer beprocessed for these purposes. You have the option to exercise your right of objection in connection with the use ofinformation society services by means of automated processes using technical specifications, notwithstanding Directive2002/58/EC.
8. Right to Revoke the Data Protection Declaration of Consent
You have the right to revoke your data protection declaration of consent at any time. The revocation of consent shall notaffect the legality of processing carried out on the basis of the consent until revocation.
9. Automated Decision-Making in Individual Cases Including Profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based exclusively on automated processing ñ including profiling ñ that haslegal effects against you or significantly impairs you in a similar manner. This is not the case if the decision
(1) is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between you and the data controller.
(2) is admissible under European Union legislation or that of the member states to which the data controller is subjectand where such legislation contains appropriate measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and yourlegitimate interests.
(3) is made with your express consent.
However, these decisions may not be based on special categories of personal data in accordance with Art. 9 Para. 1 of GDPR,unless Art. 9 Para. 2 (a) or (g) applies and appropriate measures have been taken to protect your rights and freedoms andyour legitimate interests. In the cases referred to in (1) and (3), the data controller shall take reasonable measures tosafeguard your rights, freedoms, and legitimate interests, including at least the right to obtain the intervention of a personby the data controller, to state his/her own position, and to challenge the decision.
10. Right of Appeal to a Supervisory Authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right of appeal to a supervisory authority, inparticular in the member state where you reside, your place of work, or the location of the suspected infringement, if youbelieve that the processing of your personal data is contrary to the GDPR.
Changes to Data Protection Regulations
We reserve the right to change our security and data protection regulations to the extent necessary due to technical development. We willalso adjust our notes with regard to privacy protection accordingly in these cases. Please always note the current version of our privacypolicy.
Data Controller
The data controller for the General Data Protection Regulation and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as otherdata protection regulations is:
JUMO GmbH & Co. KGMoritz-Juchheim-Strasse 136039 Fulda, GermanyPhone: +49 661 6003-0Fax: +49 661 6003-500Email: mail@jumo.netwww.jumo.net
Data Protection Officer
If you have additional questions about our notes with regard to privacy protection and processing of your personal data, you can contactour Data Protection Officer directly:
Mr. Harald GiengerMoritz-Juchheim-Str. 136039 Fulda, GermanyPhone: +49 661 6003 271Email: data-protection@jumo.netwww.jumo.net
Contact
JUMO Instrument Co. Ltd
Temple Bank, Riverway Harlow, Essex, CM20 2DY
Phone: +44 1279 635533 Fax: +44 1279 625 029 e-mail: info.uk@jumo.net
Products
Temperature
Liquid analysis
Pressure
Level
Flow
Humidity
Control
Recording
Automation
Monitoring
Quick Links
Customer magazine
Paperless recorder
RTD temperature probe
Wtrans wireless WTH
Frost protection thermostat
Metal Technology
Electronic modules
International Locations
Newsletter
Register here for our newsletter:
Information
Coporate guidelines
Imprint
Sitemap
How to find us
Privacy Policy