https://www.aspermont.com/static/privacy-policy
ABOUT
Company Overview
Corporate Structure
Recent Corporate History
Our Clients
Executive Team
Board of Directors
Corporate Governance
Corporate Social Responsibility
BRANDS
All Brands
Conferences & Events
Research & Intelligence
Content Creation Services
INVESTORS
ASX Announcements
Annual Reports
Presentations
Analyst Reports
Media Coverage
Case Studies
Investor FAQs
Company News
Email Alerts
Terms & Conditions
CAREERS
CONTACT
Privacy Policy
Home
Investors
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome
We're glad you chose to visit an Aspermont Limited (ASP) site! We care about your privacy and the information you share with us and want you to understand how we are using and protecting the information we collect about you. ASP is respectful of data privacy and adopts best practice in compliance with applicable privacy law and regulations, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").
Use of this website
This privacy policy describes the information we collect from you and how it may be stored and processed outside European Economic Area ("EEA") and across the Aspermont Network as described below.
This website, and associated ASP events and publications provide products, content, and services for a professional and consumer audience and is not intended for individuals under the age of 13 years old. We do not knowingly collect or store personal data provided by anyone under 13 years of age.
If you are a European Union (EU) resident, please note that there are a number of provisions in this privacy policy that apply uniquely to you.
What information we collect
ASP collects data about you that is limited to the kind of information that can be found on a typical business card: first name, last name, job title, employer/company name, work address, work email, and work phone number. In some cases, we may ask you to provide additional professional information such as the size of the company you work for, and industry type.
To enhance and/or update the information that you have provided to us, we may combine it with professional information or personal data that we collect from third party sources. The personal data that we refer to in this document is the personal and professional information you provide, as well as information that we obtain from third party sources, both of which we typically combine as one user record.
This site also collects and stores certain information automatically using cookies and similar technologies, including IP addresses, the region or general location of a computer or device accessing the internet, browser type, operating system, page view history, and other usage information. See our Cookie Policy for further details.
However, to the extent that any cookie can uniquely identify a computer, mobile device, or tablet ("Device"), or the person using that Device, and you are a EU resident, under the GDPR, this is personal data.  Therefore, this privacy policy shall apply to such personal data collected by ASP.
How we collect it
We may collect your personal data when you register to receive any of the products, content or services offered by ASP or its third-party sponsors ("sponsors") such as publications, subscriptions, contests, newsletters, memberships, premium content, webcasts, video, white papers, online seminars, conferences and events.
What happens if you don't provide personal data?
In order for us to provide the products, content or services you request, we need your personal data. Therefore, if you do not provide such personal data, we cannot deliver the products, content or services.
Aspermont Network
This website is one of many that ASP and its group of undertakings operates, all of which we collectively refer to as the Aspermont Network. Where permitted by law, we may share the personal data we collect about you with another Aspermont Network company so that we can provide you with information about products, content and services that might interest you, and for internal analytical and business development purposes. Please click here for a list of the online and print publications included in the Aspermont Network.
How do we safeguard your personal data?
Security of your personal data
ASP maintains safeguards which include technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorized use, access, inadvertent disclosure, alteration, and destruction, and we require the third parties we contract with to support ASP's business operations to employ reasonable security measures as well (see "When and how we share your information with others" below).
We update and test security on an ongoing basis and restrict access to your personal data to only those who need to know in order to provide ASP's products, content or services to you.
Storage of your personal data
We may store your personal data using ASP's own secure on-site servers or other internally hosted technology.  Your personal data may also be stored by third parties, via cloud services or other technology, to whom ASP has contracted with, to support ASP's business operations (see "When and how we share your information with others" below).
These third parties do not use or have access to your personal data other than for cloud storage and retrieval, and ASP requires such parties to employ at least the same level of security that we use to protect your personal data (see "Security of your personal data" above).
What we do with the personal data we collect
We use the personal data that we collect to communicate with you, deliver what you request, improve our service, and to present other information and offers that may be of interest.
To communicate with you
We may use your personal data to send you important notices, such as communications about your registration, transactions, and changes to ASP's terms, conditions, policies, and/or other internal purposes.
To deliver what you request
We may use your personal data to provide the products, content or services you request. If you enter a sweepstake, contest, or similar ASP promotion, we may use your personal data to administer such promotion.
To improve our service
We may use your personal data for auditing, data analysis, and research to improve ASP's products, content and services.
To present offers that may be of interest to you
We may contact you to offer you additional ASP or third-party products, content or services that may be of interest to you.
The legal basis we have for processing your personal data
The GDPR requires data collectors, such as ASP, to have a legal basis to use the personal data of EU residents. Therefore, this section shall apply to any such personal data collected by ASP.
ASP uses the personal data that you provide to supply you with high-quality products, content and services as you request, to send important notices, and for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to provide you with the information you need to make the most informed decisions.
We may also use your personal data to offer you products, content or services that may be of interest to you, based upon your interests or the preferences you shared with us, and may share your personal data with third party sponsors of content, events, and other services or offers.
The legal basis for processing your personal data is your consent. In certain circumstances we may otherwise process your personal data if ASP has a legitimate interest in doing so and ASP is not infringing any of your rights and freedoms.
When ASP processes your personal data for ASP's legitimate interests, ASP will consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights under data protection and any other relevant law. Our legitimate business interests do not override your interests. ASP will not use your personal data in circumstances where your rights and freedoms override our legitimate interests, unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law.
When and how we share your personal data with others
ASP may share your personal data to deliver content and services from our sites, affiliated companies and third parties services that might interest you, including sponsored content and events, for business operations, and to comply with valid legal processes.
If you are an EU resident, ASP will only share your personal data with third parties outside of the Aspermont Network, with your consent.
For content and services that may interest you or that you request
As we mention above, your personal data may be shared within the Aspermont Network to provide you with information about products, content and services that might interest you and for internal analytical and business development purposes (see "Aspermont Network" above).  We may also share your personal data with third parties to deliver third party sponsored content or other services that you request (see "third party sponsored content and events" below).
For business operations
We may also share your personal data with third parties we have contracted with to support ASP's business operations including delivery, fulfilment, payment processing, email deployment, suppression list management and data processing.
For third party sponsored content and events
ASP partners with third party sponsors to make available a large library of content to our users, such as white papers, professional events (live or online), as well as other services or offers.  In return for access to such offers, we may ask you to provide us with personal data as part of the registration.
We may use your personal data to send you the offer you request. In addition, your personal data may be shared with the sponsor(s) of the offer to communicate with you regarding the offer, as well as additional products, content or services that may be of interest to you.  Please note that once your personal data is shared with the sponsor, the sponsor's privacy policy, including information on how to opt-out in the future, will apply to your personal data.
As required by law
Your personal data may be shared when authorized by law or necessary to comply with a valid legal process.
In the event of new ownership
If part or all the ownership of ASP or any of its products or services are sold or transferred, your personal data will be transferred to the new owner.
International Data Transfers
This section shall apply to any personal data collected by ASP from EU residents.
If ASP shares your personal data within the Aspermont Network or with any other third party as described in this privacy policy and your personal data will be transferred to a State which is not a Member State of either the European Union or the EEA, or deemed adequate by the European Commission, ASP (as a data controller/data exporter) will only conduct such transfer (to a data processor/data importer) if there are suitable safeguards in place, such as binding corporate rules, standard contractual clauses, approved Codes of Conduct, or approved certification mechanism.  For more information, please contact ASP's Data Protection Officer (See contact details below).
How long we keep your personal data
We retain your personal data for the duration of your business relationship with us, and we hold your information only as long as necessary for each purpose we use it, unless we have obtained your consent to use for another or similar purpose.
Your rights and preferences
This section shall apply to any personal data collected by ASP from EU residents.
If you inform us that you want your personal data erased (if you are an EU resident), or that you no longer wish for us to communicate with you for marketing purposes, or to otherwise restrict ASP's processing of your personal data, we may retain some basic information in order to avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future, and to keep a record of your request and our response.
You may access the Aspermont Data Request Form to:
Confirm that ASP is processing your personal data, or to access, update or correct the personal data ASP holds about you, or to obtain a copy to reuse for your own purposes
Erase your personal data
Opt-out of marketing communications from ASP
Restrict ASP's processing of your personal data
How can we help? Getting in touch
Questions, concerns or complaints:
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about ASP's personal data practices or this Privacy Policy, we encourage you to get in touch with our Data Protection Officer.
If you believe you have suffered harm due to a breach of your rights by ASP under this Privacy Policy, and ASP has not handled your complaint in a reasonably sufficient manner, any EU resident may also file a complaint with the applicable supervisory authority.
The contact information for ASP's Data Protection Officer is:
Nishil Khimasia
Nishil.Khimasia@aspermont.com
United Kingdom
Get in Touch
UK/Europe - London
Tel: +44 (0) 208 187 2330
Address: 1 Poultry, London, England, EC2R 8EJ
Email: info@aspermontmedia.com
Brazil - Belo Horizonte
Tel: +55 31 3526 4242
Address: Rua Marquesa de Alorna, 148, Serra, Belo Horizonte - MG, 30240-260, Brazil
Email: brazil@aspermont.com
Australia - Perth
Tel: +61 8 6263 9100
Fax: +61 8 6263 9148
Address: 613 - 619 Wellington Street, Perth, Western Australia 6000
Email: corporate@aspermont.com
Asia - Philippines
Address: 6F 1880 Bldg., Eastwood City Cyberpark, Bagumbayan, Quezon City, 1110 Metro Manila, Philippines
Email: corporate@aspermont.com
ASX Share Price
Refresh Quote
Investor Information
ASX Announcements
Annual Reports
Presentations
Whether you're a shareholder or not you can subscribe to receive all our latest news and announcements
Subscribe Now
Copyright © 2000-2020 Aspermont Ltd. All rights reserved.
News
Events
Careers
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Sitemap