http://www.mapps.org/page/privacypolicy
MAPPS Privacy Policy - MAPPS
Contact Us | Sign In | Become a Member
Toggle navigationMENUAbout About MAPPSBoard of Directors & StaffCommitteesForumsExcellence Awards 2019 Excellence Awards WinnersExcellence Award Winners 2016 Winners2017 Winners2018 WinnersResource Materials MAPPS Statement of PrinciplesMAPPS Code of EthicsMAPPS BylawsStrategic Plan - 2020 DraftPrivacy PolicySocial Media PolicyWhat is GeospatialEvents Upcoming EventsEmerging Leaders Program Program Information3-Year Course DescriptionSyllabusPast Events Conference Downloads Conference Downloads (2020)Conference Downloads (2019)Conference Downloads (2018)Conference Downloads (2017)Resources What to Expect: A Guide for New MembersGuidelines for SpeakersNews MAPPS NewsLegislative Affairs MAPPS COVID-19 PrioritiesLegislative Affairs Initiative 2020AdvocacyMAPPS PACMonthly UpdatesFederal Liasons and ReportsAnnual Hill DayMembership Join MAPPSBrochureMembership CategoriesMembership DirectoryMembership Renewal InformationContact Us
Edit This Favorite
Name:
Category:
Share:
Yes
No, Keep Private
MAPPS Privacy Policy
The Management Association for Private Photogrammetric Surveyors (MAPPS) values the privacy of its members. The following privacy statement covers the collection and use of personal information that MAPPS may collect when members visit its website or when members purchase MAPPS products and services online. Please take a moment to read the following to learn more about MAPPS’s information practices, including what type of information MAPPS gathers, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom MAPPS discloses the information, and how MAPPS safeguards the personal information of its members.
Information Collection MAPPS collects personal information in order to deliver a superior level of customer service. In order to facilitate online transactions and allow user access to Members-Only features, MAPPS collects certain information such as names, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses, membership IDS, and credit card numbers. In addition, the personal information of a member helps MAPPS to keep him/her informed about the latest meetings, products, and events that members might like to hear about. The MAPPS website requires members to provide personally identifiable information in order to use certain functions of the site. By providing such information, members consent to MAPPS’s collection and use of it as described in this Privacy Statement. The information members provide may include information collected during the registration process, including contact information (name, address, phone number, e-mail address, dietary restrictions, website urls and titles) and financial information (credit card number). This information will be used to process a member’s order and, if necessary, to contact the member regarding the status of his/her order. MAPPS may provide limited personal information to the following trusted providers to enhance its membership services and for the benefit of its members: Survey Monkey, Doodle Your Membership (AMS provider & website partner)Magnet Mail Guidebook APP (conference app for MAPPS) MAPPS understands the importance of minimizing the amount of Personal Identifiable Information (PII) data it maintains and retains such data only as long as necessary. MAPPS maintains organizational record retention procedures, which dictate the length of date retention to meet business, legal and operational needs. MAPPS will not ask members for permission to collect or use aggregate information about website visitors or users of our products and services, since aggregate data does not identify you as a specific individual. Information Disclosure MAPPS takes safeguarding the privacy of its members very seriously. Be assured that MAPPS does not sell or rent the e-mail address of its members to other companies. To help MAPPS provide superior service, it may share personal information with credit card processing companies, merchants, and any other third party that may need the information for a member’s request to be processed. These organizations have their own privacy and collection practices, and MAPPS is not responsible for their independent policies. At times MAPPS may be required by law or litigation to disclose a member’s personal information.  MAPPS may also disclose information about a member if it determines that for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary. How to Opt-Out of MAPPS Electronic Communications MAPPS may from time to time send its members information about its programs, products, and services via e-mail messages. If a member no longer wishes to receive MAPPS’s e-mail newsletter or promotional messages, members may opt-out of receiving these communications by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in the e-mail message or contact MAPPS at info@mapps.org.
Use of Cookies Like many websites, www.mapps.org uses “cookies” and other technologies to help it understand which parts of the website are the most popular, where its visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. MAPPS use cookies and other technologies to study traffic patterns on its website, to make it even more rewarding as well as to study the effectiveness of our customer communications. And MAPPS uses cookies to customize member experiences and provide greater convenience each time a member interacts with the organization. If a member does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows he/she to disable or enable the cookie feature. Please note that cookies may be necessary to enable a member to use certain features on MAPPS’s website. Links The MAPPS website contains links to other sites. MAPPS is not responsible for the privacy practices of such sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected on our website. Information Security MAPPS will take every precaution to protect the personal information of its members. All personal information collected on individuals will be kept confidential and in a secure environment. Access to personal information will be restricted to only those personnel with a legitimate business purpose. Contact Us By joining MAPPS and consenting on this privacy policy members give MAPPS permission to process personal data for membership services in MAPPS and for purposes outlined above. Members may withdraw consent at any time, or correct or update any of the information provided to MAPPS at any time by sending an e-mail to info@mapps.org, or by calling (443) 640-1068.
MAPPS welcomes your comments and questions about the website, your experience with our site and services, and our Privacy Policy.
Member Sign In
Remember Me
Forgot your password?Your Firm Not a Member Yet?
MAPPS Events
more
10/15/2020MAPPS Digital Dialogues Series 202011/18/2020MAPPS Digital Dialogues Series 2020
Contact
2331 Rock Spring Road, Forest Hill, MD 21050
Ph: (443) 640-1068 | F: (443) 640-1031 | info@mapps.org
Social Media
Association Management Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal