https://www.cambridgeconservationforum.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to sitemap
Privacy Policy
About
Membership
What's Happening
Resources
Contact us
Home Privacy Policy
Print
Share:
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Privacy Policy
1. The Cambridge Conservation Forum takes your privacy seriously. This policy outlines the use of personal data under the Data Protection Act 1998 (“DPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”)
2. For the purpose of DPA and GDPR we are the data controller and any enquiry regarding the collection or processing of your data should be addressed to The Cambridge Conservation Forum, The David Attenborough Building Pembroke Street Cambridge CB2 3QZ.
3. By using the website you consent to this policy.
Information we collect
4. We will collect personal data on this website only if it is directly provided to us by you the user. Normally you will only provide such details if you (wish to sign up for our free e-newsletter or other resources) or are requesting a service from us.
5. We also use analytical and statistical tools that monitor details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data (but this data will not identify you personally).
6. Your payment information (e.g. credit card details) provided when you make a purchase from our website is not received or stored by us. That information is processed securely and privately by the third party payment processors that we use. The Cambridge Conservation Forum will not have access to that information at any time. We may share your personal data with our payment processors, but only for the purpose of completing the relevant payment transaction. Such payment processors are banned from using your personal data, except to provide these necessary payment services to us, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your personal data and payment information.
Use of your information
7. We may hold and process personal data that you provide to us in accordance with the DPA and GDPR.
8. The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you, and to meet our contractual commitments to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:
8.1. To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, that may affect our service;
8.2. If you are an existing customer, we may contact you with information about goods and services similar to those that were the subject of a previous sale to you;
8.3. Where you have consented to receive such information, to provide information on other parties’ products or services that we feel may be of interest to you;
8.4. Where you have consented to receive our e-newsletters, from time to time to provide that to you.
Disclosure of your information
9. We may disclose your information to regulatory bodies to enable us to comply with the law and to assist fraud protection and minimise credit risk.
10. Where you have consented for us to do so, we may provide your data to selected third parties who may contact you about their goods or services that you may be interested in.
11. If you do not want us to use your data for our [or third parties’] use, you will have the opportunity to withhold your consent to this when you provide your details to us on the form on which we collect your data, or you can do so by writing to us at the address detailed in clause 2, or sending us an email to cambridgeconservationforum@gmail.com at any time.
12. Please be advised that we do not reveal information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers but we may, on occasion, provide them with aggregate statistical information about our visitors.
Controlling the use of your data
13. If you have given us consent to use your data for a particular purpose you can revoke or vary that consent at any time. If you do not want us to use your data or want to vary the consent that you have provided you can write to us at the address detailed in clause 2 or email us at cambridgeconservationforum@gmail.com at any time.
Where we store and transfer your data
14. As part of the services offered to you, for example through our Website, the information you provide to us may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) as we use remote website server hosts to provide the website and some aspects of our service, which may be based outside of the EEA, or use servers based outside of the EEA – this is generally the nature of data stored in “the Cloud”. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for one of our suppliers, e.g. our website server host, or work for us when temporarily outside of the EEA.
15. A transfer of your personal data may happen if any of our servers are located in a country outside of the EEA or one of our service providers is located in a country outside of the EEA. If we transfer or store your personal data outside the EEA in this way, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected, as outlined in this privacy policy and in accordance with the DPA and GDPR. If you use our service while you are outside the EEA, your personal data may be transferred outside the EEA in order to provide you with these services.
16. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal data, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
17. We may disclose your personal data outside of our group: (a) in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; and (b) if The Cambridge Conservation Forum is bought by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the assets to transfer to the buyer. However any such transfer will only be on terms that the confidentiality of your personal data is protected and that the terms of this privacy policy will continue to be complied with by the recipient.
18. Otherwise, we will process, disclose or share your personal data only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or legal process served on us or the website.
19. You have the right to opt out of our processing your personal data for marketing purposes by contacting us at cambridgeconservationforum@gmail.com.
Security
20. The transmission of information via the Internet or email is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of data while you are transmitting it to our site; any such transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your personal data, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
21. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you can access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. You should choose a password it is not easy for someone to guess.
Third party links
22. You might find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies, which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever.
Use of cookies
23. This website uses cookies in order to make it easier to use and to support the provision of relevant information and functionality to you. By using this website you agree to the use of cookies. Please note that certain cookies may be set the moment you start visiting this website.
You can choose to manage the cookies we use on this website through your browser settings at any time. For more information about how to do this, and about cookies in general, you can visit https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/
Cookies used
Name
Used by
Description
More information
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
Google Analytics
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Google Privacy Policy
_hjClosedSurveyInvites
_hjDonePolls
_hjMinimizedPolls
_hjDoneTestersWidgets
_hjMinimizedTestersWidgets
_hjIncludedInSample
Hotjar
These cookies are used to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not personally identify anyone.
Hotjar Privacy Policy
Your rights
24. The DPA and GDPR give you the right to access information held about you by us. Please write to us or contact us by email if you wish to request confirmation of what personal information we hold relating to you. You can write to us at the address detailed in clause 2, above, or by email to cambridgeconservationforum@gmail.com. There is no charge for requesting that we provide you with details of the personal data that we hold. We will provide this information within one month of your requesting the data.
25. You have the right to change the permissions that you have given us in relation to how we may use your date. You also have the right to request that we cease using your data or that we delete all personal data records that we hold relating to you. You can exercise these rights at any time by writing to us at the address detailed in clause 2, above, or by email to cambridgeconservationforum@gmail.com.
Changes to this policy
26. We may update these policies to reflect changes to the website and customer feedback. Please regularly review these policies to be informed of how we are protecting your personal data.
We welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please do not hesitate to contact us at The Cambridge Conservation Forum, The David Attenborough Building Pembroke Street Cambridge CB2 3QZ or by emailing cambridgeconservationforum@gmail.com.
Version 1: 27th April 2020
Image Credit: © Natural England/Allan Drewitt