https://www.preventionweb.net/about/privacy
Log in or Register
Disaster Risk
SENDAI Framework
Countries & Regions
Themes
Hazards
Knowledge Base
Subscribe
Home
About PreventionWeb
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Print
Share
1. Paste this weblink into an email
2. Or share via:
Tweet
3. Or type the email address(es) below and click 'Send email'
Your name
Protection from spam and abuse
Print
Send email
Cancel
Email sent!
An email has been sent to the email addresses provided, with a link to this content.
Thank you for sharing!
OK
Our Services
Share your content
FAQ
Privacy policy
Donor support
Contact
Sitemap
Terms of use
UNDRR is committed to protecting individual privacy and securing the personal information made available by users of UNDRR websites hosted under UNDRR.org and preventionweb.net
This privacy policy describes what information is made available to UNDRR and third parties when you visit UNDRR websites, and how UNDRR uses and stores that information.
UNDRR is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which it may link.
What personal information does UNDRR collect through its websites?
Subscriptions
If you wish to subscribe to any of the PreventionWeb hosted workspaces or PreventionWeb email alerts, we may ask for some basic demographic information. We use this information to learn more about our audience as well as to improve the delivery of customized services.
You can unsubscribe from any of our mailing service through the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email you received.
Conference/Event registration
For registration and subsequent electronic correspondence concerning UNDRR conferences and meetings, we may request you to supply an e-mail address, a picture, basic demographic information (address, country, zip code) and passport information.
Signing up for expertise services
To sign up for PreventionWeb expertise services, we will ask for some contact details, basic demographic information as well as information on your professional experience. Your personal contact details will not be disclosed but your picture and biography will be visible on the public website.
Surveys
UNDRR regularly post surveys to collect inputs from the DRR community in order to inform our programs, products and service delivery. In this context, we may ask for some contact details, basic demographic information and information related to your professional background.
Cookies policy
Aside from the personal information that you disclose for a specific purpose, UNDRR also uses cookies to collect anonymous information about your browsing behavior. Cookies are small data files placed onto your computer or other mobile devices when you access a website. Encrypted information gathered from cookies is used to understand the audience and performance of our websites and improve user experience. This information is anonymous and based on behavior rather than on personally identifiable features.
If you do not wish to have cookies installed on your computer or mobile device, you can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so, however, some areas of UNDRR websites may not function properly.
With whom does UNDRR share the information?
Third parties: UNDRR will not provide personal information supplied electronically to any third party without your consent.
UNDRR may disclose information supplied electronically to third parties only in aggregate form.
Workspaces: Any information you disclose when posting a message in our workspaces may be public depending on the settings of the workspace. Subscribers who post a message in a workspace may make their e-mail address visible to other subscribers, which could result in unsolicited e-mail from other subscribers or parties, for which UNDRR declines responsibility.
Accessing, modifying, deleting your personal information
You can modify or delete your PreventionWeb account by login in and accessing your profile.
You can contact us at preventionweb@un.org for any questions related to the retrieval, modification or deletion of your personal information.
Sitemap
Contact PreventionWeb
About Us
Donor Support
Privacy
Terms of Use