http://www.brainvoyager.co.uk/how-to-contact-us/legal-privacy-information/
MyCRS Enquiry
Help
MRI Comfort
Tools for fMRI
Tools for Vision Science
Vision Assessment
Prices with MyCRS
Contact Us
(+) Technical Support
About Us
Distributors
Legal & Privacy Information
Site Map
Default Site / How To Contact Us / Legal & Privacy Information
Legal & Privacy Information
Registered Office
Cambridge Research Systems LimitedUnit 78-80, Riverside Estate, Sir Thomas Longley RoadRochester, Kent, ME2 4BH, UK
Registered in England no. 2350123
VAT: GB434920064
D-U-N-S: 503252991
Terms and Conditions
Our Terms and Conditions document is available here . It was last reviewed and updated in November 2015.
E-mail
Cambridge Research Systems' e-mail may contain privileged or confidential information and is intended for the addressee only. If you are not the intended recipient, please notify the sender immediately, and in the meantime you may not copy, use or disseminate this e-mail or its contents. Cambridge Research Systems Ltd can accept no liability if e-mail is accessed by third parties during the course of transmission or is modified or amended in any way following despatch or for any damage sustained as a result of software virus infection. Please note that e-mails sent to and by Cambridge Research Systems' employees are monitored by Cambridge Research Systems Ltd for lawful business purposes including assessing compliance with company rules and system performance. Any non-business related views or opinions expressed within this e-mail are solely those of the sender, and do not necessarily represent those of Cambridge Research Systems Ltd.
Email marketing and newsletters
What do we do:
We carry out direct B2B email marketing in order to grow our business. The lawful basis we use for this processing is "Legitimate Interest" for "direct marketing". This is covered in the GDPR. The Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) recommend that companies using this basis conduct a "Legitimate Interests Assessment" (LIA), and we have done this.
What data do we hold:
Included in the data we hold for email marketing are your name, and business email address. The GDPR classes your name as personal data. The email address, if it includes your name, is also classed as personal data.
We may share this data with our business partners, such as the our distributor for your region.
We use MailChimp as our marketing automation platform. Data is transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms.
Where does the data come from:
We keep up to date with publications and developments within in our field, and send information to carefully selected people who we believe may have an interest in our products.  We do this via an email address that’s publicly available in relation to your work. For example, it’s listed on your corporate or academic website, or in an academic publication.
Your right to object:
If we’ve got it wrong, we apologise. You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data. All of our marketing emails include an unsubscribe link, or you can unsubscribe here.
If you are a customer, you may still receive transactional emails from us such as order confirmations and software update notices.
Cookies on www.crsltd.com
The cookies we set and why:
This website is owned and operated by Cambridge Research Systems Ltd.
When someone visits www.crsltd.com we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not personally identify anyone.
When we do want to collect personally identifiable information - for things like our newsletters - we will be upfront about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Cookies from Cambridge Research Systems Ltd
Cookies are widely used to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site and to help deliver adverts correctly. On our sites we use Google Analytics for tracking and reporting of site performance. You can opt out here.
Copyright Statement
The content (content being images, text, sound and video files and programs) of this website is copyright © Cambridge Research Systems Limited. All rights reserved.
Where Cambridge Research Systems have been permitted by an individual to display their work (images, text, sound and video files) on this website, this may not be sold, licensed, transferred, copied or reproduced in whole or in part in any manner or in or on any media to any person without the prior written consent of the individual.
|MRI Comfort
MRI Audio-Visual
MRI Patient Comfort
|Tools for fMRI
Displays for fMRI
Eye Tracking for fMRI
Audio for fMRI
Subject Feedback
Vision Correction
MR Coils
Software Tools
|Tools for Vision Science
Visual Stimulation
Calibrated Displays
Auditory Stimulation
Eye Tracking
Subject Feedback
Light Measurement
Laboratory Furniture
Universal Design
|Vision Assessment
|Prices with MyCRS
How To Order
Distributors
MyCRS Login
MyCRS Account
MyCRS Enquiries
|Contact Us
Technical Support
About Us
Distributors
Legal & Privacy Information
Site Map
Copyright © 2018 Cambridge Research Systems Ltd. All rights reserved
Contact Us
Site Map
RSS