http://www.itis.gov/privacy.html
Home
About ITIS
About ITIS Page
What's New
Organizational Information
Background Information
Organization and Partners
Memorandum of Understanding
Data Development History and Data Quality
Standards and Database Documentation
Frequently Asked Questions
What is an ITIS TSN?
Glossary of ITIS Terms?
How Do I Cite ITIS?
How Do I Link to ITIS?
What is the format of a download file?
Contact Us
Data Access and Tools
Data Access Information
ITIS Tools
Advanced Search
Web Services
Web Service Information
Description of ITIS Web Services
Developing a Client
ITIS Solr Web Services
ITIS Solr WS Examples
Hierarchical Report
Compare Names
Get ITIS Data
Full Database Download
Instructions
Database Files
Download Data in TWB Format
Submit and Update Data
Data Submission Information
Submission Requirements and Guidelines
ITIS Taxonomic Workbench
ITIS Privacy Statement and Disclaimer
Contents:
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If You Send Us Personal Information
Website Security
Links to Other Sites
Website Citation
Non-Endorsement of Commercial and Other
ITIS Products and Services
ITIS Public-Domain Software
Content Accuracy, Completeness, and Usability
of ITIS and ITIS Partner Data and Information
Copyright
Disclaimer
Comments or Questions
Thank you for visiting the Integrated Taxonomic Information System (ITIS)
website and reviewing our privacy statement. Our privacy policy is clear:
We will collect no personal information about you when you visit our website
unless you choose to provide that information to us. Here is how we handle
information about your visit to our website:
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read
pages, or download information, we will gather and store in log files
certain information about your visit automatically. This information does
not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the
following information about your visit:
The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you
use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu"
if you connect from a university's domain) and IP address (an IP address
is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever
you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit and the number of characters sent to your computer;
If you linked to the ITIS website from another website, the address
of that website; and
If you access certain portions of the ITIS website that require a
password, that activity will also be recorded.
The logs are periodically summarized and analyzed in order to study site
usage over time and to perform other studies to help us improve the site's
organization, performance, and usefulness. We use this information to
help us make our site more useful to visitors - to learn about the number
of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors are using.
We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits.
Back to top
If You Send Us Personal Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information, as in an e-mail
to the ITIS Webmaster, ITIS Gatekeeper or someone else or by filling out
a form with your personal information and submitting it to us through
our website, we use that information to respond to your message and to
help us locate for you the information you have requested. We do not collect
personal information for any purpose other than to respond to you. We
only share the information you give us with another government agency
if your inquiry relates to that agency, or as otherwise required by law.
Moreover, we do not create individual profiles with the information you
provide or to give it to any private organizations. ITIS does not collect
information for commercial marketing.
Back to top
Website Security
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains
available to all users, this government computer system employs software
programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts
to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations (for example,
to investigate an attack by hackers), no other attempts are made to
identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are used
for no other purposes.
Monthly extracts of the log files are archived and stored off-line
at our discretion for an indefinite period of time. Some statistical
summaries derived from these data may be retained online or off-line
at our discretion for an indefinite period of time.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information
on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under
the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information
Infrastructure Protection Act.
Back to top
Links to Other Sites
Our website has links to many other governmental and private groups.
Once you access another site through a link that we provide you are subject
to the privacy policy of the new site.
Back to top
Website Citation
Information presented on the ITIS website is considered public information
and may be distributed or copied. Use of the appropriate citation is requested.
To direct readers to the entire ITIS website, it is sufficient to give
the address of the site in text:
Retrieved [month, day, year], from the Integrated Taxonomic Information
System (ITIS) (http://www.itis.gov).
To cite data obtained from ITIS, the following citation format is offered
as a suggestion:
Retrieved [month, day, year], from the Integrated Taxonomic Information
System on-line database, http://www.itis.gov.
Citations can be formatted to the style needed for your publication as
long as there is sufficient information included to return the reader
to the referenced information.
Back to top
Non-Endorsement of Commercial and Other
ITIS Products and Services
Hypertext links and other references to non-ITIS products and services
are provided for information only and do not constitute endorsement or
warranty, express or implied, by ITIS, the United States Department of
Agriculture Natural Resources Conservation Service, or its partner groups,
as to their suitability, content, usefulness, functioning, completeness,
or accuracy.
Back to top
ITIS Public-Domain Software
Links are provided to public-domain software developed by or for ITIS.
Although these programs have been used by the ITIS, no warranty, expressed
or implied, is made by ITIS as to the accuracy and functioning of the
programs and related program material, nor shall the fact of distribution
constitute any such warranty, and no responsibility is assumed by ITIS
or its partner groups in connection therewith.
Back to top
Content Accuracy, Completeness, and Usability
of ITIS and ITIS Partner Data and Information
We make every effort to provide and maintain accurate, complete, usable,
and timely information on our database and web pages compiled by ITIS
and its partner groups. However, some ITIS data and information accessed
through these pages may, of necessity, be preliminary in nature and subject
to additional review. These data and information are provided with the
understanding that they are not guaranteed to be correct or complete.
Users are cautioned to consider carefully the provisional nature of these
data and information before using them for decisions that concern personal
or public safety or the conduct of business that involves substantial
monetary or operational consequences. Conclusions drawn from, or actions
undertaken on the basis of, such data and information are the sole responsibility
of the user.
Back to top
Copyright
ITIS produced data and information are in the public domain. While the
content of many ITIS web pages is in the public domain, some ITIS pages
contain material that is copyrighted by others and used by ITIS with permission.
You may need to obtain permission from the copyright owner for other uses.
Furthermore, some ITIS data, products, and information linked, or referred
to, from this site may be protected under U.S. and foreign copyright laws.
You may need to obtain permission from the copyright owner to acquire,
use, reproduce, or distribute these materials. It is the sole responsibility
of you, the user of this site, to carefully examine the content of ITIS
and all linked pages for copyright restrictions and to secure all necessary
permissions.
Back to top
Disclaimer
ITIS taxonomy is based on the latest scientific consensus available,
and is provided as a general reference source for interested parties. However,
it is not a legal authority for statutory or regulatory purposes. While every
effort has been made to provide the most reliable and up-to-date information
available, ultimate legal requirements with respect to species are contained in
provisions of treaties to which the United States is a party, wildlife statutes,
regulations, and any applicable notices that have been published in the Federal
Register. For further information on U.S. legal requirements with respect to
protected taxa, please contact the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
Back to top
Comments or Questions
If you have any comments or questions about the information presented
here please forward them to:
itiswebmaster@itis.gov
Back to top