http://www.gyrosproteintechnologies.com/privacy-gpt
Privacy and registration
GENERAL
This privacy policy (”Privacy Policy”), describes how Gyros Protein Technologies with the parent company being Gyros Protein Technologies AB, registration number 556672-5429 with its principal place of business at Dag Hammarskjölds Väg 54 B, SE-752 37 Uppsala (“GPT”), collects, uses, discloses, stores and otherwise processes personal data.
GPT respects your right to privacy, and we are committed to complying with the applicable data protection rules and to safeguard your personal data. We want to make sure that you are aware of what types of information we collect or obtain from you via the website or during your communication or interaction with us, how this information is used and how we work to protect it.
This Privacy Policy describes, amongst other things, which information we collect about you, how your personal data is processed and for what purposes we collect and use the personal data. This Privacy Policy also describes your rights and how you can contact us about the use of your personal data. GPT is referred to as the data controller responsible for processing your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection legislation.
WHAT TYPES OF DATA DO WE PROCESS?
Personal data means all types of information which can, directly or indirectly, be used to identify a living physical person (“Personal Data”).
When you visit our website, GPT collects technical data, which may include your URL, IP address, unique device ID, network and computer performance, browser type, language and identifying information, general geographical location and operating system. The information may include:
i.
Professional information about how you and where you navigate on our website
ii.
Your scientific technology experiences and scientific opinions, for example, relating to your lab workflow
Personal Data (e.g. your name, employer) about you is only collected and processed when you actively choose to enter such information in a form on our website, or participate in a seminar, leave information at a trade show etc.
GPT further collects information that is necessary for us to be able to contact you in your role as a representative of a company. GPT collects and processes information about you if you represent a company that is a customer, supplier, contractor or otherwise partner of ours, as well as a potential customer, supplier, contractor or otherwise partner of ours. The information that we collect and process in such cases include contact information (such as name, address, email address and telephone number).
GPT also collects Personal Data in connection with recruiting of staff. When you contact us for the purposes of applying for a job opportunity with us, we collect such Personal Data that you provide us with as part of the application process. Personal Data normally included in a job application is contact information (name, address, email address and telephone number), CV (including previous work experience and education), personal references and occasionally picture and personal registration number.
Information about how we store and use cookies.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on a computer by a website and are widely used to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Cookies from this site can be deleted or blocked, but parts of the site will not work. None of the cookies used on our website gather personal information or information about any other website. Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more, refer to your browser. Specific details for each cookie and its purpose are given below.
User login status. Cookie name: sessiona – This cookie is placed on your system when you check the ‘Keep me logged in’ box when logging in to the website. It is used to eliminate the need for you to login at each visit if you so desire
Cookie status. Cookie name: sessiona- This cookie is placed on your system when you click the cookie information text. If removed, the cookie information text will appear at every visit to the web site.
Google Analytics Cookie. names: _utma _utmb _utmc _utmz – These cookies collect information about how visitors use the site. The information is used to compile reports and help improve the site. Information is collected in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, from where visitors have come to the site and the pages they visited. Visit Google to overview their privacy policy.
WHY DO WE PROCESS YOUR DATA?
GPT collects and process Personal Data relating to you for the following reasons:
to ensure the technical functioning of the website;
to analyse your use of the website in order for us to develop and improve the website;
to send newsletters that you have requested and to respond to communications you have sent us;
to contact you as a representative for a customer, supplier, contractor or otherwise partner of ours;
to market ourselves and our products and invite you to events and fairs we believe might be of interest to you or the company that you represent (provided however, that you will always have the right to opt-out of any marketing messages from us);
to develop and improve our products and services;
where the company that you represent is an owner of a GPT product, to contact you in respect of service actions, warranty matters, product recalls or any similar relevant notifications;
to process job applications; and
to fulfil requirements by law.
THE LEGAL GROUNDS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA
Processing of your Personal Data by GPT is based on the legal grounds as follows:
Legitimate interests The legal basis for processing Personal Data such as technical data when you browse the GPT website is that the processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests of GPT. The legitimate interests of GPT may also constitute the legal basis for processing in situations where you provide us with your contact information by handing us a business card or otherwise have expressed an interest in our products or services. Furthermore, the legitimate interests of GPT is the legal basis for when GPT is processing your personal data when you are a representative for a customer, supplier, contractor or otherwise partner of ours. Additionally, the legitimate interests of GPT is the legal basis for processing of your Personal Data by GPT in connection with your job application.
Legal obligation GPT may process your Personal Data for the purposes of complying with safety standards and other statutory requirements, based on the legal grounds that this is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which GPT is subject.
FOR HOW LONG DO WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Your Personal Data is stored only for as long as there is a need to keep the data in order to fulfil the purposes for which the data was collected in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
The Personal Data will be deleted if the purpose of collection and use of Personal Data has been achieved. Personal Data received in connection with a job application for an applicant that is not hired will be stored for no longer than one year after the date of the application.
HOW MAY THE DATA BE SHARED?
GPT will not sell, trade or lease your Personal Data to third parties. However, GPT may share Personal Data with our trusted subcontractors and co-operation partners in order to provide you with our services. They may need access to your Personal Data in their assignment for us, but they will not be allowed to use the Personal Data for any other purpose.
Unless otherwise set forth in any specific information regarding our processing of your Personal Data, GPT will not transfer your Personal Data to any country outside the EU/EEA.
GPT is part of an international group of companies, some of which are based outside of the EU/EEA. Personal Data may be transferred to other group companies. Such group companies are based in the US and in Japan. GPT has secured the safety of transferred Personal Data by having entered into the EU-commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for the transfer of personal data to companies established in third countries with such non-EU/EEA companies.
Personal Data may be disclosed by GPT to comply with legal requirements or other requirements from official authorities, in order to safeguard the legal interests of GPT or to detect, prevent, or draw attention to frauds or other safety or technical problems.
PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
You should always feel secure when you provide your Personal Data to us. We have employed a wide range of security measures to help protect your Personal Data against undue access, modification and deletion.
We protect your Personal Data using commercially reasonable safeguards to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. These measures may include data encryption, firewalls, and automatic timeouts. Therefore, you can rest assured that your Personal Data is in safe hands.
YOUR RIGHTS
Corrections, additions You are always entitled to access your Personal Data for viewing, and to request that we correct or update your Personal Data.
Restriction of use and data portability Under certain circumstances (expressed in applicable data protection legislation), you may request that GPT restricts the use of your Personal Data or delete your Personal Data. If you have provided us with Personal Data, you also have the right to have your Personal Data resubmitted to you, in a structured and accessible format, for transfer to another user/processor.
Requests and Complaints
If you wish to exercise any of the abovementioned rights or if you have any questions regarding Personal Data held by us or this online Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us (for contact information, please see below).
Should you be dissatisfied with our processing of your Personal Data, please let us know, and we will do our best to address your comments. Your integrity is very important to us, and we always strive to protect and secure your Personal Data in the best possible way. Should we nevertheless, in your opinion, fail in this ambition, please note that you are also entitled to lodge a complaint with the Swedish Data Protection Authority (Sw. Datainspektionen, which will be changing their name to Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten in 2018), or such other authority as may be determined in the future.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYGPT may, at any time, make amendments to this Privacy Policy. GPT will publish the amended version on our website. If the amendments are substantial, GPT will send the amended Privacy Policy to your email, and if GPT does not have your email, GPT will send it to you by other means (if possible).
HOW TO CONTACT USYou can contact us at: Gyros Protein Technologies AB, Dag Hammarskjölds Väg 54 B, SE-752 37 Uppsala, or at our email: information@gyrosproteintech.com.