http://www.laboratorytalk.com/terms-and-conditions
MENU
Directory
Resources
Events
Get Listed
Login to your accountLogin Forgot your password?Don't have an account? RegisterForgot password?Register
HomeTerms & Conditions
Back to Home
Terms & ConditionsINTERPRETATION
In these Terms and Conditions, the following words and phrases shall bear the following meanings:
“The Company” means Synthesis Media Ltd (“Synthesis”)
“Material” means data or information in any format, including without limitation text, images, photographs, graphics, video or sound material whether existing at the time of registration or not, published on Laboratorytalk.com, whether copyright of Synthesis or of a third party and which is communicated or transmitted to the User in using Laboratorytalk.com.
“User” means any person who accesses or uses laboratorytalk.com
INTRODUCTION
1. By accessing or using Laboratorytalk.com the User acknowledges and agrees to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
2. The User agrees to fully comply with these Terms and Conditions, including the acceptance of liability as detailed in clauses 4, 5 and 11. If the User does not wish to be bound by them he/she should leave the site now and not use this website in the future.
3. Each User is allocated a unique user ID and chooses a password for the authorised use of the User. The unique user ID and password are not transferable, and the User shall keep them strictly confidential and secure. The User should notify the Company immediately if any unauthorised use comes to its attention.
4. The User shall indemnify the Company against any unauthorised use of his/her user ID and password, including use by a third party where the User has allowed or facilitated that third party to have access to any Material, however so received.
5. The User shall indemnify the Company against all costs, claims, demands or expenses incurred by or made against the Company and/or Laboratoytalk.com as a result of any breach of these Terms and Conditions or howsoever arising.
SUBMITTING MATERIAL TO LABORATORYTALK.COM
6. In order to submit material to Laboratorytalk.com the User may be required to register as a personal user via the unique user ID and password at clause 3. In this event the User undertakes not to maliciously create additional registration accounts for the purpose of abusing the functionality of the site, or other users; nor to seek to pass its self off as another user.
7. The Company reserves the right to prohibit access by person(s) to Laboratorytalk.com at its sole discretion at which time the agreement will terminate.
8. The submission of Material by the User is on the following terms
8.1 The User grants the Company a non-exclusive, non-transferable, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide licence to publish or use the Material in any format, including in other products of the Company. The licence shall include the right for any Users to take actions in accordance with clause 9.
8.2 The User warrants to the Company that all rights including intellectual property and moral rights in the Material submitted belong to the User or the User has received all necessary permissions to submit it to the Company.
8.3 The User warrants to the Company that the Material submitted:
8.3.1 is not obscene, offensive, or defamatory of any person or otherwise illegal;
8.3.2 does not concern the private life of any individual, their personal data, or material which is false, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, threatening, harassing, likely to prejudice legal proceedings which are “active” for the purposes of the Contempt of Court Act 1981, or otherwise in contempt of court or unlawful; and
8.3.3 does not infringe the copyright or moral rights of any third party
8.4 Users’ attention is also drawn to the Forum House Rules.
8.5 The Company may provide a User’s details to a third party where the User submits Material which, in the Company’s reasonable opinion, is in breach of these Terms and Conditions and a third party has a legitimate interest in knowing those details for the purposes of pursuing legal action in relation to the Material submitted. The Company may also be required to hand over such information by order of a court of law.
8.6 The Company at its sole discretion reserves the right to not publish the Material in part or whole, make additions or deletions to, edit, crop or arrange the Material prior to publication. The Company may do so without giving any reason but the User should note that Material that is off-topic or unnecessarily antagonistic is likely to be rejected.
8.7 The Company shall make no payment for Material submitted and used under these Terms and Conditions
CONDITIONS OF USE
9. Subject to clause 18 the User may download the Material electronically; print extracts and make copies of these for its own personal and non-commercial use only. This does not include downloading, storing, transmitting, displaying, copying or distributing the Material, or extracts from it, in a structured manner or creating a database in any form comprising all or part of the Material.
DATA PROTECTION AND PRIVACY POLICY
10. The Company takes the privacy of its Users seriously. It is committed to safeguarding the privacy of its Users. Please refer to the Company’s Privacy Policy.
LIABILITY
11. The User acknowledges that any breach of clause 8 may cause damage or loss to the Company and agrees to indemnify the Company in full against any third party liabilities, claims, costs, loss or damage including consequential losses, incurred as a result of publishing Material submitted.
12. To the extent permitted by law the Company, its agents or representatives shall have no liability whatsoever to the User for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or special loss or damage, cost or expense suffered or incurred by the User (whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise, and whether arising from the negligence, breach of contract, defamation, infringement of copyright or other intellectual rights) caused by use of Laboratorytalk.com or from the negligence of its employees or agents or licensors, and whether asserted against the Company, Laboratorytalk.com or against any third party in relation to its use.
13. The Company does not make any representation or give any warranty, either express or implied:
13.1 in relation to any information, goods or services offered, accessed or obtained through Laboratortalk.com
13.2 in relation to warrantees of title, non infringement of copyright or patent rights of others, merchantability, or fitness or suitability for any purpose;
13.3 for the content, accuracy, integrity, lawfulness or otherwise of information on websites over which the Company has no control;
13.4 as to the suitability of the information and data on Laboratorytalk.com for any particular purpose;
13.5 as to the accuracy of the description of any goods;
13.6 that the information and data on Laboratorytalk.com site is free of infection by computer viruses or other contamination.
14. The Company and its agents or representatives do not endorse or in any respect warrant any third party products or services by virtue of any advertisement, information, material or content referred to, or included on, or linked from or to Laboratorytalk.com
15. Laboratorytalk.com does not purport to provide advice. The Company is not responsible for Users taking or refraining from taking actions on the basis of information provided by Laboratorytalk.com
16. Although every care is taken in the preparation of information supplied by Laboratorytalk.com, the Company is not responsible for any loss suffered as a result of any action taken or refrained from being taken as a result of any information contained in Laboratorytalk.com.
TRADE MARKS AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
17. All rights in Synthesis websites, and content displayed on Synthesis websites are owned by or licensed to the Company and are reserved.
18. All Material other than submitted by Users on Laboratorytalk.com is property of the Company. Reproduction without the Company’s permission is prohibited. For such permission Users should write to Synthesis’s Company Secretary at the address above.
MISCELLANEOUS
19. Users who wish to advertise on Laboratorytalk.com should contact Sean Marshall + 44 (0) 1442 200650 email sean.marshall@synthesismedia.co.uk
20. The Company reserves the right to remove, alter, change or vary Laboratorytalk.com at any time without notice.
21. The Company shall endeavour to provide constant, uninterrupted access to Laboratorytalk.com but do not guarantee to do so and accept no responsibility or liability for any interruption or delay.
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
22. The provision of Laboratorytalk.com is governed by the Laws of England and shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the English courts.
CHANGES TO SYNTHESIS’S TERMS AND CONDITIONS
23. The Company reserves the right to vary or amend these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice. Users should review these Terms and Conditions regularly as Users will be deemed to have accepted a variation in continuing to use the site after it has been posted.
Create FREE Membership
© Laboratory Talk 2020
About Us Terms & Conditions Help & FAQs Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Contact Us Advertise
Website by Evoluted