https://www.spaceandmotion.com/help/disclaimer-terms-conditions-privacy.htm
Albert Einstein
Einstein
Principles
Metaphysics
Newton
Mechanics
Space Time
Faraday
EM Field
Maxwell Eq.
LorentzTransformGeometry
Einstein
Special
Relativity
Einstein
General
Relativity
ProblemsTheoryRelativity
Einstein
Cosmological
Constant
Quantum
Theory
Light-Photon
Theology
God-Religion
Morality
Einstein
Wisdom
Quotes
Einstein
Biography
Pictures
Physics Site Map
Subjects
TruthRealityHome
SimpleSensibleScience
MetaphysicsSubstanceSpace
MathsPhysicsLogic
EinsteinTheoryRelativity
QuantumWavePhysics
CosmologySpaceUniverse
PhilosophyTruthWisdom
TheologyReligionGod
EvolutionEcologyNature
HealthNutritionHolistic
EducationTruthWisdom
PoliticsSocietyUtopia
Language
Afrika
Albania
Arabic
Belarus
Bulgaria
Catalan
Chinese S
Chinese T
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Estonian
Filipino
Finnish
French
Galician
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Hungary
Iceland
Indon.
Irish
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Latvian
Lith.
Macedon
Malay
Maltese
Norway
Persian
Polish
Portugal
Romania
Russian
Serbian
Slovak
Sloven
Spanish
Swahili
Swedish
Thai
Turkish
Ukrain
Vietnam
Welsh
Yiddish
Follow @philosophytruth Tweet
Geoff
On
Truth & RealityThe Wave Structure of Matter (WSM) in Space
Legal Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions - Privacy
Policy
Hello All. Below is the standard website disclaimer. We
do not really like this legal aspect - our interest is purely to promote
an open honest discussion of truth and reality, as it applies to various
aspects of our existence / life.
We agree with Albert Einstein.
The free, unhampered exchange of ideas and
scientific conclusions is necessary for the sound development of science,
as it is in all spheres of cultural life. (Albert Einstein, 1952)
... knowledge must continually be renewed by ceaseless effort, if it is
not to be lost. It resembles a statue of marble which stands in the desert
and is continually threatened with burial by the shifting sand. The hands
of service must ever be at work, in order that the marble continue to lastingly
shine in the sun. To these serving hands mine shall also belong.
(Albert Einstein, On Education, 1950)
Only the individual can think, and thereby create new values for society,
nay, even set up new moral standards to which the life of the community
conforms. ...
The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me
new courage to face life cheerfully, have been Kindness, Beauty and Truth.
(Albert Einstein, 1954)
Website Disclaimer
(1) Introduction -
This disclaimer governs your use of our website; by using our website,
you accept this disclaimer in full. If you disagree with any part of this
disclaimer, do not use our website.
(2) Intellectual Property
Rights - Unless otherwise stated, we or our licensors own the intellectual property
rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the licence
below, all our intellectual property rights are reserved.
(3) Licence to Use Website -
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from
the website, provided that:
(a) You must not republish material from this website (including
republication on another website), or reproduce or store material from
this website in any public or private electronic retrieval system. (Though
we encourage fair use for academic / non commercial purposes)
(b) You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, visit,
or otherwise exploit our website or material on our website for a commercial
purpose, without our express written consent;
(4) Limitations of Liability -
The information on this website is provided free-of-charge, and you acknowledge
that it would be unreasonable to hold us liable in respect of this website
and the information on this website.
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website
is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we not
commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material
on this website is kept up-to-date.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law we exclude all
representations, warranties and conditions (including, without limitation,
the conditions implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose
and the use of reasonable care and skill).
Our liability is limited and excluded to the maximum extent permitted
under applicable law. We will not be liable for any direct, indirect or
consequential loss or damage arising under this disclaimer or in connection
with our website, whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise - including,
without limitation, any loss of profit, contracts, business, goodwill,
data, income, revenue or anticipated savings.
However, nothing in this disclaimer shall exclude or limit our
liability for fraud, for death or personal injury caused by our negligence,
or for any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable
law.
(5) Forum Posting / Comments -
You must not use our website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage
to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the
website.
You must not use our website in any way which is unlawful, illegal,
fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent
or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use our website for any purposes related to marketing
without our express written consent.
You must not use our website to copy, publish or send mass mailings
or spam.
You must not use our website to copy, publish or send material
which is illegal or unlawful, or material which could give rise to legal
action under English and other applicable law. All material you copy, publish
or send via our website must not be defamatory, obscene, indecent, hateful,
discriminatory or inflammatory; such material must not infringe any person's
intellectual property rights or rights of confidence, impinge upon any
person's privacy, or constitute incitement to commit a crime[; further,
material must not be misleading, deceptive, pornographic, threatening,
abusive, harassing or menacing.
We reserve the right to edit or remove any material posted upon
our website.
We may take such action as we deem appropriate to deal with the
posting of unsuitable material, including suspending or canceling your
account, restricting your access to our website, or commencing legal proceedings
against you.
In respect of all material that you post on our website, you grant
to us a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to
use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute such material
in any media, together with the right to sub-licence such rights.
(6) Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible
for the content of third party websites.
(7) Variation -
We may revise this disclaimer from time-to-time. Please check this page
regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
(8) Entire agreement -
This disclaimer constitutes the entire agreement between you and us in
relation to your use of our website, and supersedes all previous agreements
in respect of your use of this website.
(9) Law and Jurisdiction -
This notice will be governed by and construed in accordance with Australian
law, and any disputes relating to this notice shall be subject to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of Australia.
(10) Our Contact Details -
You can contact us by Email.
Website Privacy Policy
We do not actually collect any information from our users other
than the standard information that our website statistics automatically
gathers (Awstats and Google Analytics). The following is just a standard
Privacy Policy agreement (we do respect people's privacy!).
--------------------------
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors;
this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
(1) What information
do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal
data:
(a) information about your visits to and use of this website;
(b) information about any transactions carried out between you
and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating
to any purchases you make of our goods or services;
(c) information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering
with us and/or subscribing to our website services and/or email notifications.
(2) Information about website visits
We may collect information about you computer and your visits
to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser
type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views. We may
use this information in the administration of this website, to improve
the website's usability, and for marketing purposes.
We use cookies on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by
a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The text file
is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from
the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may send a cookie which may be stored on by your browser on
your computer's hard drive. We may use the information we obtain from the
cookie in the administration of this website, to improve the website's
usability and for marketing purposes. We may also use that information
to recognise your computer when you visit our website, and to personalise
our website for you. Our advertisers may also send you cookies.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. (For
example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookie by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy", and selecting "Block all cookies" using the sliding selector.) This will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites,
including this one.
(3) Using your personal
data
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes
specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this privacy policy,
we may use your personal information to:
(a) improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
(b) send information (other than marketing communications) to
you which we think may be of interest to you by post or by email or similar
technology;
(c) send to you marketing communications relating to our business
[or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties] which we think
may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed
to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time
if you no longer require marketing communications to be sent by Emailing us.
(d) provide other companies with statistical information about
our users - but this information will not be used to identify any individual
user. We will not without your express consent provide your personal information
to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
(4) Other disclosures
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes
identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose information
about you:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal
proceedings;
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights
(including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention
and reducing credit risk); and
(d) to the purchaser or seller (or prospective purchaser or seller)
of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling or
purchasing.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide
your information to third parties.
(5) International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and
transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to
enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
(6) Security of your personal
data
We will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse
or alteration of your personal information. Of course, data transmission
over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security
of data sent over the internet.
(7) Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting
a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to
ensure you are happy with any changes.
(8) Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible
for the privacy policies (or content) of third party websites.
(9) Contact - You can contact us by Email.
These terms and conditions are based on a template created
and distributed by www.website-law.co.uk
Help Humanity
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world."
(Mohandas Gandhi)
"When forced to summarize the general theory of relativity in one sentence:
Time and space and gravitation have no separate existence from matter. ... Physical objects are not in space, but these objects are spatially
extended. In this way the concept 'empty space' loses its meaning. ... The particle can only appear as a limited region in space in which
the field strength or the energy density are particularly high. ...
The free, unhampered exchange of ideas and scientific conclusions is necessary for the sound development of science, as it is in all spheres
of cultural life. ... We must not conceal from ourselves that no improvement in the present depressing situation is possible without
a severe struggle; for the handful of those who are really determined to do something is minute in comparison with the mass of the lukewarm
and the misguided. ...
Humanity is going to need a substantially new way of thinking if it is to survive!" (Albert Einstein)
Our world is in great trouble due to human behaviour founded on myths and customs that are causing the destruction of Nature and climate change. We can now deduce the most simple science theory of reality - the wave structure of matter in space. By understanding how we and everything around us are interconnected
in Space we can then deduce solutions to the fundamental problems of human knowledge in physics, philosophy, metaphysics, theology, education, health, evolution and ecology, politics and society.
This is the profound new way of thinking that Einstein
realised, that we exist as spatially extended structures of the universe - the discrete and separate body an illusion. This simply confirms the
intuitions of the ancient philosophers and mystics.
Given the current censorship in physics / philosophy of science journals (based on the standard model of particle physics / big bang cosmology) the internet is the best hope for getting new knowledge
known to the world. But that depends on you, the people who care about science and society, realise the importance of truth and reality.
It is Easy to Help!
Just click on the Social Network links below, or copy a nice image or quote you like and share it. We have a wonderful collection of knowledge from the greatest minds in human history, so people will appreciate your contributions. In doing this you will help a new generation of scientists see that there is a simple sensible explanation of physical reality - the source of truth and wisdom, the only cure for the madness of man! Thanks! Geoff Haselhurst (Updated September, 2018)
A new scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die,
and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it. (Max Planck, 1920)
Tweet  Follow @philosophytruth
Geoff
Connect with Geoff Haselhurst at Facebook
"All that is necessary for evil to succeed is for good people to do nothing." (Edmund Burke)
"In a time of universal deceit - telling the truth is a revolutionary act."(George Orwell)
"Hell is Truth Seen Too Late."(Thomas Hobbes)
On
Truth & Reality
The Spherical Standing Wave Structure of Matter (WSM) in Space
Deducing Most
Simple Science
Theory of Reality
Metaphysics of
Space, Dynamic
Unity of Reality
Maths Physics
On Mathematics
Logic & Reality
Albert Einstein's
Special & General
Relativity Theory
Quantum Physics
Wave Theory
of Light & Matter
WSM Cosmology
Finite Universe
& Infinite Space
Philosophy
Wisdom from
Truth & Reality
Theology
God Religion
Spirit Morality
Life Evolution
Ecology Nature
Environment
Human Health
Nutrition Diet
Medicine Drugs
Education
On Teaching
Truth & Reality
Politics Utopia
True Democracy
Political Science
SITE MAP: Metaphysics
- Physics
- Philosophy
- Theology
- Evolution
Legal Disclaimer and Privacy Policy
Copyright 1997 - 2018
We support 'Fair Use' of these pages for Academic & Non Commercial use.You are welcome to use images and text, but please reference them with a link to relevant web page on this site. Thanks!