http://www.westminster.edu/privacy.cfm
Skip to main content
About
Admissions
Academics
Titan Athletics
Campus Life
Community and Culture
Alumni
Contact Us
This privacy policy governs the manner in which Westminster College gathers and uses information collected from visitors to http://www.westminster.edu. This policy applies to the site and all products and services offered by Westminster College.
Personal Information
Visitors to our website may be able to register to use our services, apply for admission, attend events, make a purchase or donation, join a community or upload/download information. When you register, you will provide personal information such as name, address, email, telephone number and other relevant information. If you are making a purchase or donation, we will request financial information including your credit card number, expiration date, and security code. Any financial information we collect is used only to process your transaction. This information may be forwarded to your credit card provider. We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary, including: To fulfill your requests, to protect ourselves from liability, to comply with the terms and conditions of our internet host provider.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Westminster College.
Additionally, we use Remarketing features of Google Analytics to display relevant advertisements to past visitors when they visit other websites in the Google Display Network. Both our website and third party websites (including Google) will use Remarketing cookies to facilitate serving appropriate ads to users based on their past visits to our site. To opt out of Remarketing or to control your ad preferences, please click here.
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
You may choose to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically default to accept them, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our website.
Google offers an opt-out browser add-on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout to provide visitors the ability to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics.
Third-Party Services
Related services and offerings linked to or from this website have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Since we do not have control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites. We recommend you review their policies before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with them.
Changes to This Policy
Westminster College has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
This document was last updated on May 12, 2015.
Sitemap
•
Privacy