http://www.evomarkets.com/privacy_policy/
Cookie/Privacy Notice
We use cookies for analytics and to improve our site. We have a new Cookie Policy and have also updated our Privacy Policy. You agree to our use of cookies and our privacy policy by closing this message box or continuing to use our site. To find out more visit our
privacy policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
USER CONSENT TO PRIVACY STATEMENT
By using the Evolution Markets Inc. Site, you consent to the collection and use of information as described in this Privacy Statement and in accordance with the Site's Terms and Conditions.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Evolution Markets Inc. requires users to provide information for registration. Information collected includes, at a minimum contact, information and additional site use information. Anything that you transmit to this Site or information provided by you becomes the property of Evolution Markets Inc. and may be used by Evolution Markets Inc. for any lawful purpose and is subject to disclosure as deemed appropriate by Evolution Markets Inc.
Evolution Markets Inc. may collect Site use information as participants navigate the Site through the use of "cookies", which are files that your  web browser places on your computer's hard drive to assign an identification code to your computer and for record-keeping purposes.  Cookies are an industry standard, used by most major websites. While cookies identify a particular computer, they do not identify a particular user.  Evolution Markets Inc. uses cookies to collect certain information from users on an anonymous basis. The information collected in this manner includes a user's site referral information, browsing patterns, sub-domain and technical information.
One of the uses Evolution Markets Inc. may make of  Users' anonymous information is to improve the Site, based on up-to-date Site usage patterns.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personally identifiable information, including the contents of and addresses of e-mail, may be shared with our affiliates. Such information may be  disclosed by Evolution Markets Inc. in order to be in compliance with all appropriate and applicable regulations and laws for the conduct of the business of Evolution Markets Inc., and in response to a request or demand for such information made by any governmental entity, including law enforcement agencies of such governmental entity. No Market Data specifically identifying Registered Users of Evolution Markets Inc. by name will be sold, traded  or shared with any third party, including advertisers, organizations or other users without the consent of the user. Evolution Markets Inc. may make available information about market activity using aggregated trading and transactional information that does not include the identities of parties to the transactions. All such Information is the property of Evolution Markets Inc. and may be shared, sold, or published or distributed by any means and in any manner Evolution Markets Inc. may choose.
PROMOTIONAL MATERIALS
You may receive promotional materials from Evolution Markets Inc. and from Evolution Markets Inc.'s affiliates concerning products and services.  Evolution Markets Inc. provides members with the opportunity, however, to opt-out of receiving these promotional materials when registering  for access.
UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Evolution Markets Inc. offers users who have provided personally identifiable information to Evolution Markets Inc. an opportunity to review the  information provided to update or correct any errors. To update personal information previously provided, go to the "My Account" section of the  site and click on the "modify your account" button.
LINKS
The Evolution Markets Inc. Site provides hyperlinks, which when clicked may take you to other websites. These sites may contain privacy provisions  that are different from those provided herein. We are not responsible for such provisions, and we expressly disclaim any and all liability related  to such provisions.
Cookie Policy
The Evolution Markets Inc. uses cookies on our Websites for analytics and to improve our sites. You agree to our use of cookies by clicking on our Cookie Notice message box or continuing to use the Websites. To find out more, see our Cookie Policy.
additional Privacy Notice for evolution markets ltd.
The Evolution Markets Inc. subsidiary Evolution Markets Ltd. is registered in the United Kingdom. As such, it is considered a data controller under the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”). Under GDPR, Evolution Markets Ltd. is required to publish a Privacy Notice. You can see it HERE.
PRIVACY STATEMENT AMENDMENTS
Evolution Markets Inc. reserves the right to amend this Privacy Statement periodically. Use of information that Evolution Markets Inc. gathers  now is subject to the Privacy Statement in effect at the time of the information's use. Users should check the Site periodically for any amendments  to the Privacy Statement. Your use of the Site following amendments to the Privacy Statement indicates consent of the Privacy Statement as amended.