https://www.emetsoc.org/privacy-policy/
FacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedIn
ContactFAQsSitemapResizePrint
Slider
Privacy Policy & data protection
Privacy Policy & data protection
1. Data Protection: an overview
Update 2019-11-08: Registration on this website for the Europhotometeo competition; Use of reCAPTCHA.
General
The following provides a simple overview which type of data are created when you visit our website and what happens with your personal information. Personal data is any data with which you could be personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection is given in our privacy policy below.
Data collection on our website
Who is responsible for data collection on this website?
Data collection and processing on this website is done by the website operator. The operator’s contact details can be found in the imprint of the website.
How do we collect your data?
Some data are collected when you provide it to us. This could, for example, be data you enter on a contact form.
Other data are collected automatically by our IT systems when you visit the website. These data are primarily technical data (for example browser and operating system you are using or the time when you accessed the page). These data are collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.
What do we use your data for?
Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. Other data can be used to analyse how visitors use the site.
What rights do you have regarding your data?
You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the imprint if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
2. General information and mandatory information
Data protection
The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
If you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.
Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.
Notice concerning the party responsible for this website
The party responsible for processing data on this website is:
Europäische Meteorologische Gesellschaft e.V.
c/o Institut für Meteorologie/FU Berlin
Carl-Heinrich-Becker-Weg 6-10
12165 Berlin
Telephone: 030/ 83859431
Email: ems-sec@emetsoc.org
The responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email addresses, etc.).
Revocation of your consent to the processing of your data
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
Right to file complaints with regulatory authorities
If there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file a complaint with the supervisory authority. The supervisory authority for matters related to data protection legislation is the data protection officer of the German state in which our company is headquartered. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_linksnode. html.
Right to data portability
You have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.
SSL or TLS encryption
This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser’s address line when it changes from “http://” to “https://” and the lock icon is displayed in your browser’s address bar.
If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.
Information, blocking, deletion
As permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our imprint if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.
Opposition to promotional emails
We hereby expressly prohibit the use of contact data published in the context of website legal notice requirements with regard to sending promotional and informational materials not expressly requested. The website operator reserves the right to take specific legal action if unsolicited advertising material, such as email spam, is received.
3. Data collection on our website
Cookies
This website partly use so-called cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and stored by your browser.
Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them. These cookies allow us to recognize your browser the next time you visit.
Of course, you can also view our website without cookies. Internet browsers are regularly set to accept cookies. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and allow cookies only in individual cases, the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or generally exclude and enable the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions that you wish to use are processed on the basis of Art. 6 (1) ( f) GDPR/DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. Insofar as other cookies (such as cookies for analyzing your surfing behavior) are stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
Server Log-files
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:
Browser type and browser version
used operating system
Referrer URL
Host name of the accessing computer
Time of the server request
IP address
These data are not combined with data  from other sources.
The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) GDPR/DSGVO, which allows the processing of data for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract.
Contact form
Should you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data entered into the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions. We do not share this information without your permission.
We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR/DSGVO. You may revoke your consent at any time. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
We will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). Any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision.
Registration on this website
Currently registration on this website is only requested to participate in the Europhotometeo competition: https://www.emetsoc.org/europhotometeo. We use these login data you entered only for the purpose of the Europhotometeo competition. Registration requires the author’s full name and an email-address, plus the country of residence. The basis for processing the data entered during registration with your consent is Art. 6 (1) (a)  GDPR/DSGVO. You can revoke your consent at any time. An informal message by e-mail to us is sufficient. The legality of the already completed data processing remains unaffected by the revocation.
Entries not accepted to the Europhotometeo competition: All personal data provided (Login data), the photo and all meta data will be deleted until one month after the submission deadline for the competition. Entries not selected for the photo gallery and final voting stage: Login data, photos and all meta data will be deleted until one month after the photo gallery has been made public. Login Data of all users who registered will be deleted within one month after the publication of the winners on the website.
For more details see https://www.emetsoc.org/europhotometeo/terms-conditions/
Processing of data (customer and contract data)
We collect, process, and use personal data only insofar as it is necessary to establish or modify legal relationships with us (master data). This is done based on Art. 6 (1) GDPR/DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract. We collect, process and use your personal data when accessing our website (usage data) only to the extent required to enable you to access our service or to bill you for the same.
Collected customer data shall be deleted after completion of the order or termination of the business relationship. Legal retention periods remain unaffected.
4. Analytics and advertising
Use of Matomo (formerly Piwik)
This website uses the open source software Matomo to statistically analyse visitor access. Matomo  uses cookies, text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information stored on the use of our website is not disclosed to third parties.
The IP address is anonymised immediately after processing and prior to its storage. You have the option to prevent any storing of cookies on your device by changing the settings of your browser software. However, note, that this may prevent the use of some functions on our website. You can decide whether a unique web analytics cookie may be stored in your browser in order to allow the operator of the website to collect and analyse various statistical data.
If you do not agree with the storage and use of your data, you can disable the storage and use below. In this case, an opt-out cookie will be deposited in your browser that prevents Matomo from saving usage data. Deleting your cookies will result in deletion of the Matomo opt-out cookie as well. The opt-out must be reactivated when visiting our site again.
Matomo Tracking
Content not available.Please allow cookies and agree to our privacy policy by clicking Accept on the banner
EMS Newsletter ems-message
The ems-message informs about activities of EMS Members, upcoming meetings and deadlines for applications for example for the EMS Awards, and other information from the meteorological and climatological community that may be of interest to our subscribers. We distribute the ems-message to contact persons of EMS Member organisations and other interested individuals from the meteorological community and beyond.
Information on your subscription, distribution via our self-hosted newsletter plugin, statistical analysis and how to unsubscribe are provided below:
Newsletter
We use a self-hosted newsletter plugin to distribute the ems-message to all subscribers, and therefore store all subscriber e-mails in our own subscriber database.
When you subscribe to the ems-message your email is sufficient, no other data is required; providing your name is optional.
Double-Opt-In and documentation
Subscription for the ems-message uses the Double-Opt-In procedure. This means that after you have provided your email address it is stored for the sole purpose to send an email message to you in which you are asked to confirm your subscription (“Double-Opt-In”). In case the email address is confirmed it will be stored in the database until you unsubscribe or the EMS deletes your profile. In order to document the subscription and prove that no email is sent unsolicited, we store the date of the subscription as well as an anonymized IP address from which the subscription is confirmed. No other use is made of the IP address.
We don’t track which recipients open the newsletter and which links are clicked.
No data will be forwarded to third parties without the express permission of the user. Personal data is never provided to any third parties for advertising or market research.
Unsubscribe from the list and deletion of email address
Each ems-message email contains a link to directly unsubscribe from the ems-message distribution list. Alternatively, you can contact
publications@emetsoc.org
and request the deletion of your email address. For any other questions related to the protection of your data also use this email address.
If you unsubscribe from our mailing-list your data will be stored for up to a year, after which it will be manually deleted.
5. Plugins und Tools
Embedded YouTube videos
On some of our websites we embed YouTube videos. The corresponding plug-ins are operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. When you visit a page with the YouTube plug-in, it will connect to YouTube’s servers. YouTube will be informed which pages you visit. If you are logged into your Youtube account, YouTube can assign your surfing behaviour to you personally. This can be prevented by logging out of your YouTube account beforehand.
If a YouTube video is started, the provider uses cookies that collect information about user behaviour.
Anyone who has disabled the storage of cookies for the Google Ad program will not have to expect such cookies when watching YouTube videos. YouTube also stores non-personal usage information in other cookies. If you want to prevent this, you must block the storage of cookies in the browser.
For more information on data protection at “YouTube”, see the privacy policy of the provider at: https://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Google Web Fonts
For uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR/DSGVO.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.
Further information about handling user data, can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google’s privacy policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use “Google reCAPTCHA” (hereafter “reCAPTCHA”) on our websites. Provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, hereafter referred to as “Google”. Certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active guarantees that Google complies with EU data protection standards when processing data in the United States. With reCAPTCHA we check whether a human or an automated programme, for example a so-called bot, enters data on our websites (for example in a registration form).  Through this service, Google can determine from which website a request is sent and from which IP address you use the reCAPTCHA input box. In addition to your IP address, additional information necessary to guarantee this service, may be collected by Google. Data processing is based on Art. 6 (1 ) (f) GDPR/DSGVO. The Web site operator has a legitimate interest in protecting its web sites from abusive automated spying and SPAM. For more information about Google reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy, please visit the following links: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/.
Share
EMS2021Call for session proposals until 20 Dec
Call for Award nominations
EMS Technology Achievement Award 2021
EMS Silver Medal 2021
The latest ems-message
By continuing to use the site, you agree to our privacy policy and the use of cookies. more information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close