http://www.owlpages.com/owls/about.php#privacy
Home
Gallery
Files
Links
Credits
Owl Stuff
Owl Species
By Genus
By Location
N. America
C. America
S. America
Africa
Europe
Middle East
Asia
Oceania
Owl Sounds
Physiology
General
Behaviour
Hunting
Digestion
Vision
Hearing
Feathers
Beak
Talons
Skeleton
Breeding
Articles
Physiology
Studies
Stories
Artwork
Mythology
Rescue
Products
Other
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy
F.A.Q.s
Home
Species
Articles
About
About The Owl Pages
About The Owl Pages
OwlPages.com was first uploaded on October 26th, 1998 with the aim to provide information about the Owls of the world. The site was conceived
of and created by Deane Lewis. Material is compiled from various reference sources and contributions.
The Owl Pages is not affiliated with any groups, organisations or educational institutions and we do not rehabilitate owls.
"Owl Pages" is a Registered Trademark and an Australian Registered Business.
Contact The Owl Pages
If you want answers to questions, please read the Owl Frequently Asked Questions before contacting me, it might save you some time!
If you would like to stay up to date with The Owl Pages, join our Facebook Page.
Please Click here if you have found an injured or orphaned owl.
If you would like to contribute owl pictures, articles, sounds or artwork, please send them to me at the address below.
Email Address: deane [at] owlpages.com (you know what to do)
Postal Address:
Deane Lewis
PO Box 309
Maryborough, QLD. 4650
Australia.
Copyright Notice
Most content on The Owl Pages website is subject to international copyright laws.
Students may use any content from this site for one-off school reports, projects or talks, providing usage is not displayed publicly or further
published in any way.
You may use the text compiled by Deane
Lewis for educational and non-commercial purposes, provided appropriate credit is given to OwlPages.com.
If the text is used on a website, there must be a link to the original text at OwlPages.com.
Text and Articles not compiled by Deane
Lewis may not be used without the consent of the author named near the text or article.
Photographs and video may not be used without permission from the photographer named under the full-sized version of the Photograph.
Audio files may not be used without permission from the person that recorded the sound, named near the link.
Some content is released under the Creative Commons license. Click on the "CC" near the content to see the conditions of the license.
Privacy Statement
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: The Owl Pages
Advertisers & Cookies
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information
(not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements
about goods and services of interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. If you would
like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click
here.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website or other websites.
Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to users based on their visit to our site and/or other sites on the
Internet.
Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings.
Advertiser cookies are turned off for our visitors from Europe and California.
OwlPages.com is a participant in various affiliate advertising programs designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising
and linking to sites including amazon.com, etsy.com, society6.com and redbubble.com.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. The Owl Pages is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Linking to any site does not mean that The Owl Pages endorses or recommends any product or service thereon.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can
contact us here.
Home
Top