http://www.dep.state.fl.us/privacy-statement
Privacy Statement
Home » Privacy Statement
Under Florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.
INTERNET PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting the floridadep.gov website. Your privacy is very important to us. Simply stated, our policy is to collect no personal information about you when you visit the floridadep.gov website, unless you affirmatively choose to make such information available to us.
When you visit floridadep.gov, the Web server automatically recognizes only the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed the site. This information does not result in the identification of your personal e-mail address or other personal information.
In addition, information is only gathered regarding the volume and timing of access to the site by collecting information on the date, time and pages you visited while at the site. This is done so that the content of the site can be improved, and your personal information is not identified.
If you choose to share personal information, such as by subscribing to an e-newsletter, sending a message, or filling out an electronic form with personal information, the information will be saved for a designated period of time in order to comply with the state of Florida's archiving policies. However, information will not be disclosed to third parties or other government agencies, unless required by state or federal law. Please note that Florida's public records law requires that all information received in connection with state business be made available to anyone upon request, unless the information is subject to a specific statutory exemption.
Share:
Interested in subscribing to DEP newsletters or receiving DEP updates through email?
Sign Up
About DEP
The Florida Department of Environmental Protection is the state’s lead agency for environmental management and stewardship – protecting our air, water and land. The vision of the Florida Department of Environmental Protection is to create strong community partnerships, safeguard Florida’s natural resources and enhance its ecosystems.
Learn More
Links
Air
A-Z Index
Lands
Forms
Parks & Rec
How Do I
Waste
News
Water
Events
Divisions
Contact Us
Contact
3900 Commonwealth BoulevardTallahassee, Florida 32399-3000
public.services@dep.state.fl.us
850-245-2118
Top
Some content on this site is saved in an alternative format. The following icons link to free Reader/Viewer software:
PDF: |
Word: |
Excel: