http://www.arcus.org/arcus/privacy
Skip to main content
ARCUS Privacy Notice
ARCUS is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This statement explains how ARCUS collects, stores, and uses personal information.
Any questions regarding this policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to webmaster [at] arcus.org.
How do we collect information from you?
ARCUS collects contact information of those who participate in ARCUS activities, services, and membership. This is typically through online forms or sign-in sheets at meetings.
What type of information is collected from you?
In general, ARCUS collects the minimum amount of information in order to provide you with access to activities and services, but may ask for additional information to help us best meet user needs. We will notify individuals and request their consent for information when collected, and in the event of any changes to the use of their information.
How does ARCUS process your personal data?
ARCUS processes your personal data for communicating about the ARCUS activities for which you have requested to be informed. The details of how we will use your contact information will be specified in detail at the time you sign up (e.g., when you join a mailing list or register for an event). If you chose to subscribe to a mailing list, you will always be provided with a link to unsubscribe. Information you provide will be stored only for that express purpose and will not be added to a general contact list.
Who has access to your information?
We will not share your non-public, personal information to third parties outside of ARCUS staff/those who have official roles in ARCUS activities. Contact information for some activities is processed by external service providers as trusted data processors on behalf of ARCUS (e.g., PayPal for payment processing, Survey Monkey, Zoom video conference, Adobe Connect webinar platform).
How can you access, update, or remove your information?
As a data subject, you have certain rights, including the right to:
Access and obtain a copy of your data upon request;
Ask ARCUS to change incorrect or incomplete data;
Ask ARCUS to delete or stop processing your data, for example, when your data is no longer necessary for the purpose of processing; and
Object to the processing of your data where ARCUS is relying on its legitimate interests as the legal basis for processing.
You can request to see your personal information that we maintain, or have it updated or removed at any time, or exercise any of your other legal rights by contacting ARCUS at webmaster [at] arcus.org.
What if you not provide personal data?
You are under no statutory or contractual obligation to provide personal data to ARCUS.
If you do not provide contact information, however, we may not be able to process your request to participate in an ARCUS activity or service.
How does ARCUS protect your personal data?
Personal information collected by ARCUS is stored on secure servers or password-protected computers.
Review of this statement
We keep this statement under regular review. This policy was last updated in February 2020.
About ARCUS
Values, Vision, and Mission
ARCUS Staff
Board of Directors
ARCUS Committees
ARCUS Advisory Council
Board Member Job Description
Contact Information
ARCUS Logo
Employment Opportunities
ARCUS Privacy Notice
Partners