http://www.mercersec.org/fair/help/for-judges
Skip to main content
User menu
Log in
Main menu
Toggle sub-menu
Registration
Getting Started
Fair Dates
Fair Events
Begin registration process
Login
Current Projects
Home page
Fair
Getting Started
Privacy Policy
Contact us
Fair Flyers
Fair location
Join the club
Other Science fairs
Project list
Students
Getting Started
How to do a project
How to Write a Research Plan
Writing an abstract
ISEF Forms
Project Presentation
Hypothesis or Purpose
Restricted display items
Categories by Division
Schools
Teachers
Getting Started
Manage school applications
Schools
Create teacher account
Sponsors
Getting Started
Why sponsor the fair
Sponsorship levels
Our sponsors
Judges
Getting Started
Categories (list)
Create judge account
Breadcrumbs
You are here:
HomeFair Help
Getting Started
From the 2017 Mercer Science and Engineering Fair Senior Division judging session.
Looking to help out with the Mercer Science and Engineering Fair? If so, then send an email note to Bob Bushar, our judge coordinator.  We might be able to use your expertise as a judge.
The links below will get you started depending upon what you need to do and what you may or may not know about our events.
Our Fairs and Events - information about our competitions
You may also want to:
Register for a competition - all active events are listed here
Sign up for an account - you need an account on this site to be a judge
Contact us - when in doubt, we can be reached via phone and email
A Quick Judge Overview
All judges should sign up for an account on this website. Please include contact information including your phone number. Ignore the school field since this is for students and teachers. As part of the account creation process you may indicate that you want to be a Judge (the other option is teacher). The account creation is automatic but the judge approval is done manually so it may take us a little while (a day or two at most) to respond. Contact Bob if you do not get a response or have issues creating an account.
Once you have been approved as a judge you can enter additional information when you log in. This information is about your background and what types of projects you can judge. Please enter this information as soon as possible because we use it for assigning judges just before the fair. You should also indicate if you can judge this year. Normally this will be the only item you need to change after your first year of judging.
Judges will also have access to all the research plans and abstracts for projects entered in the fair. This will allow judges to prepare before they arrive at the fair.
More Resources
This section provides information how judges can use this website works.
Judge Qualifications
Judge Groups
Judge Registration
Book traversal links for For Judges
Managing a school
Up
Judge Qualifications
Book edit links for For Judges
Book edit links for For Judges
Table of ContentsBook: Fair Help
Getting Started
Fair Overview
Privacy Policy
Mercer Science and Engineering Club
Our Fairs and Events
Fair registration
For Students
For Teachers
For Judges
Judge Qualifications
Judge Groups
Judge Registration
For Sponsors
List of Sponsors
Our Website
Design by Adaptivethemes.com