https://www.ontarioarchaeology.org/OAS-policies
Log in
Home
About Us
The Organization
Origins
Board of Directors
Regional Chapters
Letters Patent & Corporate Constitution
Policies
Resources
Summary of Ontario Archaeology
Starting an Archaeology Career in Ontario
Archaeology Programs in Ontario
From Truth to Reconciliation
Publications
Ontario Archaeology
Arch Notes
Symposium Programmes
Chapter Newsletter
Monographs in Ontario
Theses Database
Field Schools
Job Opportunities
Links of Interest
Artifact Questions
Member Services
Merchandise
Awards
OAS Gallery
Reconciliation
Get Involved
Benefits of Membership
Join or Renew
Donate to the OAS
News & Events
Upcoming Events
Past Events
Community Blog
Annual OAS Symposium
2018 OAS Symposium
Call for Papers
Programme
Silent Auction
Events
Registration
Sponsors
2019 OAS Symposium
OAS 2019 Silent Auction
Photo Contest
Programme
2020 OAS Symposium
Logo Contest
Sponsors
Contact
Accueil
la SOA
Origines
Membres du CA
Chapitres Régionaux
Lettres Patentes et Constitution
Déontologie, Confidentialité
Ressources
Sommaire de l'archéologie de l'Ontario
Programmes d’archéologie en Ontario
Thèses sur l'archéologie Ontarienne
Écoles de Fouilles
Liens
Artefact!
Services
Publications
Prix
Photos
Forums
Adhésion/dons
Les Avantages
Devenez Membres
Faites un Don
Nouvelles
Événements SOA Dernières
Community Blog
Symposium 2018 SAO
Nous rejoindre
Peterborough
About
News and Events
Newsletters
Blog
Gallery
Grand River
Blog
About
Gallery
Calendar
London
About
Membership
Board Members
More Links
Publications
Events
KEWA
19th Century Notes
KEWA Reading List
Bibliography
Links
Research
Projectile Points
University of Western Ontario
The Ontario Archaeological Society
Museum of Ontario Archaeology
THE OAS STATEMENT OF ETHICAL PRINCIPLES
The archaeological study of the human past places a strong duty upon its practitioners to ensure that the archaeological record is conserved. Accordingly, members of the Society will adhere to the following principles and ethics:
1. We respect and support all domestic legislation and international conventions that protect archaeology and heritage.
2. As archaeologists, we recognize that we have special obligations to any Indigenous or Descendant community whose cultural legacy is the subject of our investigation.
3. We affirm that Indigenous communities have an inherent right to practice stewardship over their own cultural properties (including but not limited to: archaeological, spiritual, and historical sites, artifacts, designs, ceremonies, technologies, visual and performing arts, oral traditions and written and oral literature) and that said stewardship includes the right to maintain, control, protect, develop and have access to those properties.
4. We acknowledge the profound relationship between Indigenous communities and their cultural properties regardless of legal ownership.
5. We will take all reasonable efforts to obtain the free, prior and informed consent of representatives of Indigenous communities or Descendant groups prior to taking any steps in the investigation or management of their cultural properties.
6. We will respect the customs and traditions of Indigenous communities regarding the treatment of ancestors..
7. We oppose the purchase, sale and trading of archaeological artifacts.
8. We believe that it is the responsibility of archaeologists to disseminate the results of research to the archaeological community, as well as to the general public, in an easily accessible manner, medium, and format.9. We condemn altering data, records and/or falsifying reports prepared by others or reporting information gathered by others without citation.
10. We promote the stewardship of all archaeological collections and believe that these should be maintained in an approved repository for long-term conservation.
11. Members are obligated to notify the Board of Directors of any material breach of these ethical guidelines, and we support initiatives that the Board may implement to obtain fair resolution to such breach, or to resort to remedies as provided for in our constitution.Passed by ABM Vote, Novermber 18, 2017
Archaeology is the search to know and understand humanityís past. This desire to learn about our common heritage is shared with many groups including: First Nations; avocationals; students; teachers; genealogists; historians; cultural resource managers; academic researchers; and the public at large. In order to protect the information obtained from archaeological sites so that all will benefit, each archaeological practitioner must adhere to a set of principles and ethics. The members of the Society are proud to proclaim adherence to the following principles.
1 We respect and support all relevant Ontario, Canadian and International legislation and/or Conventions that deal with the practice of archaeology, and the preservation of any nationís heritage.
2 We oppose the purchase, sale and trading of genuine archaeological artefacts, and believe that licensed archaeologists hold artefacts in trust for the people of Ontario until a suitable repository can be found.
3 We believe that it is the responsibility of archaeologists to disseminate the results of research to the archaeological community as well as to the general public in an easily accessible manner, medium and format.
4 We encourage archaeological licence holders to sign the freedom of information declaration that accompanies their licence. This declaration allows the Ministry to promptly release reports without the requirement of contacting the authors for approval.
5 We view altering artefacts, records and/or falsifying reports prepared by others as unacceptable behaviour. Reporting information gathered by others without citation is also deemed unethical.
6 We believe that differing hypotheses must be freely proposed and tested, and that we will contribute to collective knowledge through constructive criticism.
7 We respect the right of First Nations to play a primary role in the conduct of any aboriginal archaeological investigation.
8 We affirm that every reasonable effort should be made to consult and cooperate with First Nations in the stewardship, conservation, and display of aboriginal artefacts, and that the wishes of First Nations must be respected concerning disturbance and re-interment of human remains.
9 We promote stewardship of all archaeological resources, materials from archaeological investigations including artefacts, reports, notes, photos, etc., and believe that these should be maintained in an appropriate repository for long term conservation.
10 Members are obligated to notify the Board of Directors of any material breach of these ethical guidelines, and we support initiatives that the Board may implement to obtain fair resolution to such breach, or to resort to remedies as provided for in our Constitution.
Home
President's Message
News
About Us
Origins
Membership
Regional Chapters
Publications
Support the OAS
OAS Resources
Privacy Policy
en français
Effective March 31, 2003
Archaeology is the search to know and understand humanityís past. This desire to learn about our common heritage is shared with many groups including: First Nations; avocationals; students; teachers; genealogists; historians; cultural resource managers; academic researchers; and the public at large. In order to protect the information obtained from archaeological sites so that all will benefit, each archaeological practitioner must adhere to a set of principles and ethics. The members of the Society are proud to proclaim adherence to the following principles.
1. We respect and support all relevant Ontario, Canadian and International legislation and/or Conventions that deal with the practice of archaeology, and the preservation of any nationís heritage.
2. We oppose the purchase, sale and trading of genuine archaeological artefacts, and believe that licensed archaeologists hold artefacts in trust for the people of Ontario until a suitable repository can be found.
3. We believe that it is the responsibility of archaeologists to disseminate the results of research to the archaeological community as well as to the general public in an easily accessible manner, medium and format.
4. We encourage archaeological licence holders to sign the freedom of information declaration that accompanies their licence. This declaration allows the Ministry to promptly release reports without the requirement of contacting the authors for approval.
5. We view altering artefacts, records and/or falsifying reports prepared by others as unacceptable behaviour. Reporting information gathered by others without citation is also deemed unethical.
6. We believe that differing hypotheses must be freely proposed and tested, and that we will contribute to collective knowledge through constructive criticism.
7. We respect the right of First Nations to play a primary role in the conduct of any aboriginal archaeological investigation.
8. We affirm that every reasonable effort should be made to consult and cooperate with First Nations in the stewardship, conservation, and display of aboriginal artefacts, and that the wishes of First Nations must be respected concerning disturbance and re-interment of human remains.
9. We promote stewardship of all archaeological resources, materials from archaeological investigations including artefacts, reports, notes, photos, etc., and believe that these should be maintained in an appropriate repository for long term conservation.
10. Members are obligated to notify the Board of Directors of any material breach of these ethical guidelines, and we support initiatives that the Board may implement to obtain fair resolution to such breach, or to resort to remedies as provided for in our Constitution.
OASPRIVACY POLICY
PREAMBLE
The Ontario Archaeological Society (OAS) respects and protects the privacy of all individuals who have any dealings with the Society. Individually identifiable information about you is not willfully disclosed to any third party without first receiving your express and specific permission, as explained in this Information Privacy Policy
The OAS Information Privacy Policy is in effect for all of the OAS including its Chapters.
1. The OAS will collect unique information about you, such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, only when you specifically and knowingly provide such information. From time to time the OAS may conduct surveys of its membership for specific purposes. The purposes of the surveys and the use of the information provided by the participants will be communicated before any survey is done.
2. The OAS will use the unique identifiable information about you only for the purpose of facilitating communication between the OAS, the OAS Chapters and you. Specifically, the information will be used on mailing lists for the distribution of newsletters, society publications, society business, and specific OAS promotional materials and/or announcements.
3. Any information collected through surveys will be used in reports only on an aggregate basis. No personal identifiable information will be released in any reports without the express and specific permission of the individual concerned.
4. The OAS will not share or sell any unique or identifiable information with any person or organization without the express and specific permission of the person or persons involved.
5. Specific reports or analyses may be divulged publicly, but will contain only aggregate information that will not identify any individuals without their express and specific permission.
6. Any personal and identifiable information provided to the OAS by you through the use of the OAS website will be treated as described above.
7. Should you link to any other website from the OAS website, the information that you provide to the linked website will be governed by the Information Privacy Policy of those websites.
8. The OAS may decide to change this Information Privacy Policy from time to time. If and when we do, we will post those changes on the website and communicate the changes through the newsletter so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
<Jan/04>
Social Media Policy
Social Media Policy for the Ontario Archaeological Society
Contact usAddress: 1444 Queen Street East, Suite 102, Toronto, ON M4L 1E1
Phone: +1 (416) 406-5959
Email: info@ontarioarchaeology.org
Call
Send SMS
Add to Skype
You'll need Skype CreditFree via Skype
Call
Send SMS
Add to Skype
You'll need Skype CreditFree via Skype
Call
Send SMS
Call from mobile
Add to Skype
You'll need Skype CreditFree via Skype
Call
Send SMS
Call from mobile
Add to Skype
You'll need Skype CreditFree via Skype
Call
Send SMS
Call from mobile
Add to Skype
You'll need Skype CreditFree via Skype
Join us
The Ontario Archaeological Society is a registered charitable organization that promotes the ethical practice of archaeology. The general public, students and professional alike are encouraged to become members of the Society and to support its co-ordinating role in helping to record and preserve our non-renewable cultural heritage. Click here to view membership details.
© The Ontario Archaeology Society1444 Queen St. E., Suite 102, Toronto ON M4L 1E1
Powered by Wild Apricot Membership Software