http://www.maris.nl/privacy-policy
HomePrivacy Statement on the protection of personal data1. DescriptionThe processing of personal data concerns a list of email addresses and information of individuals collected through the MARIS portal. This processing is managed by the MARIS team.The Data Protection Directive (95/46/EC) and the ePrivacy directive (2002/58/EC, as revised by 2009/136/EC) are applicable. From 25 May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Regulation (EU) 2016/679) also applies.MARIS acts as Controller of the processing of personal data. If you have any questions about the processing of your e-mail and related personal data, please fill out the form on: https://maris.nl/contact2. What personal information do we collect, for what purpose and through which technical means?Data identification:We collect personal data:
when you provide feedback by e-mail form;
when you participate in possible online surveys.
Purpose: Your data is collected:
to enable the MARIS team to answer your enquiries;
to analyse errors to improve the operation of the website
The MARIS team will also use the data to prepare anonymous statistics about the usage of the site. Collected personal data are treated according to the policy described in the above-mentioned Regulation.Data will be used only for the above purposes and in order to improve the website. Technical information: The collected data may be registered/stored in a database.  3. Who has access to your information and to whom is it disclosed?Your collected data will be treated confidentially and used only by the MARIS team. No personal data is transmitted to parties, which are outside the recipients and the legal framework mentioned. MARIS will not share personal data with third parties for direct marketing.4. How do we protect and safeguard your information?The collected personal data is stored on the network of servers of MARIS, processed and may also be forwarded by email to the expert responsible for replying to the enquiry.The MARIS portal complies with the applicable legislation on the protection of personal data and the processing thereof.The MARIS portal has put in place, and regularly reviews and updates, appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information.5. How long do we keep your data?Your personal data is kept as long as follow-up actions linked to the above-mentioned purpose are necessary. 6. Website operator and data controller:In case you have questions related to this processing or concerning any information processed in this context, or on your rights, please contact us using the following contact form: https://maris.nl/contact. Analytics Anonymous data (all website visitors)When you visit this website we automatically collect some information which is stored in the web server logs. These logs contain a history of page requests. Information about the request, including client IP address, request date/time, page requested, HTTP code, bytes served, user agent, and referrer are added. A statistical analysis of the server log is used to examine traffic patterns by time of day, day of week, referrer, or user agent. The software used to analyse the server logs is AWStats (www.awstats.org).