http://www.marinemammalcenter.org/about-us/organization-information/privacy-policy.html
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
The Marine Mammal Center's Privacy Policy
Donors have the ability to opt out of sharing personal information, whether that information has been submitted online or offline. Upon the request of a donor, The Marine Mammal Center will not trade, share or sell that donor’s personal information with anyone else. Their name and mailing address will be removed from mailing lists that are shared with other charitable organizations.
Online Privacy
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the websites located at the URL MarineMammalCenter.org and all affiliated websites, or information collected at events, or onsite at The Marine Mammal Center.
In order to fully understand the user's rights we encourage the user to read this Privacy Policy. The Marine Mammal Center reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our site(s). Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting. Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to user privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies the user of:
What personally identifiable information from the user is collected through the site;
Who collects such information;
How such information is used;
With whom the user information may be shared;
What choices the user has regarding collection, use and distribution of the user information;
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control; and
How the user can correct any inaccuracies in the user information.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to The Marine Mammal Center by sending an e-mail to info@tmmc.org. Please reference this Privacy Policy in the email’s subject line.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information
Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include their name, email address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), mailing address, interests and similar information.
We do not store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card details or social security numbers in our files at The Marine Mammal Center. Sustaining Member (i.e. monthly donor) credit card information is stored externally through a highly encrypted system.
We do not share email addresses outside the organization.
We reserve the right to send an email on behalf of another like-minded organization with which we are partners, but under no circumstances will the user's email be revealed to that organization unless the user opts-in to receive that organization's emails.
From time to time, The Marine Mammal Center exchanges our donors’ names and mailing addresses (but no other information) with other organizations in order to find new supporters. If you do not want your name and address included in such exchanges, we’ll respect your wishes. Just contact us at RecordUpdate@tmmc.org or call (415) 289-7335 or send a note to: Membership Opt-Out, 2000 Bunker Road, Fort Cronkhite, Sausalito, CA 94965.
Internet Protocol Address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our site(s). An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to the user's computer when the user uses the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our site, analyze trends, track users' movements, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve our site(s) and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of "Cookies"
Our site may use cookies to enhance the user experience while using our site. Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that website and are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. Use of cookies makes web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving the user's passwords, the user's personal preferences regarding the user's use of the particular website and to make sure the user doesn't see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard. The user's browser is most likely set to accept cookies. However, if the user would prefer not to receive cookies, the user can alter the configuration of their browser to refuse it. If the user chooses to have their browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site will not function properly when the user views them.
Google Analytics
Our site makes use of Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting features. This is to help us understand the needs and interests of our audience, which allows us to provide the most relevant and compelling content. Visitors to the website can opt out of the Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting feature through a browser add-on.
Security
All information involving monetary transactions provided to The Marine Mammal Center, such as donation forms, e-commerce and event registrations, is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets the user's browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before the user sends it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of The Marine Mammal Center. However, no data transmission over the Internet is 100 percent secure. While we strive to protect the user's information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Email
When a user opts-in to receive email from The Marine Mammal Center via any method, the user will automatically start receiving regular email updates from The Marine Mammal Center. The user has full control of their email account and the types of emails they subscribe to. The user can change their account and subscription settings at any time via logging in to their profile page which can be found via a link at the bottom of an email or via the Sign In link at the top of the website MarineMammalCenter.org, and clicking on "Special Interests" then checking or unchecking the types of emails they want to receive. The Marine Mammal Center does not share email addresses outside of the organization and never sells user's email addresses. It is our policy to not send solicitation emails to individuals under the age of 18 (based on our ability to possess knowledge of the user's age).
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our free referral service for informing a friend about our website, we ask the user for the friend's name and email address. The Marine Mammal Center will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit The Marine Mammal Center's website. The Marine Mammal Center uses this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and does not automatically opt them in to any email list.
Other Websites
Our site contains links to other websites. Please note that when the user clicks on one of these links, the user is entering another website for which The Marine Mammal Center has no responsibility. We encourage the user to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may differ from ours.
Contacting The Marine Mammal Center
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, your dealings with this site, or if you want to correct your information, please contact:
The Marine Mammal Center
2000 Bunker Road, Fort Cronkhite
Sausalito, CA 94965
You may also call us at (415) 289-7335 or send an email to: info@tmmc.org.
Get Patient Updates Via Email
Sign up
arrow
facebook
Facebook logo
instagram
Instagram logo
twitter
Twitter logo
youtube
Youtube logo