https://www.ceca.co.uk/privacy-policy/
CECA National > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
The Civil Engineering Contractors Association (CECA) is the representative body for many of the companies who work day-to-day to deliver, upgrade, and maintain the UK’s transport and utility networks.
With more than 300 members throughout England, Scotland and Wales, we represent firms who together carry out up to 80 per cent of all civil engineering activity in the UK, in the key sectors of transport, energy, communications, waste and utilities including electricity and water.
Our members include some of the largest construction firms as well as a range of small specialist and regional contractors. Our industry supports the employment of over 200,000 people in the UK with annual activity worth £25 billion.
CECA National is committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of its members and those we do business with. We collect the minimal amount of personal data required to fulfil business requirements as a membership organisation. It is held securely, it is not shared for financial or commercial gain and is not retained for longer than necessary. CECA collects personal data in order to:
Ensure we represent the interests of subscribed members.
Comply with our legal and regulatory requirements.
Fulfil operational reasons, such as recording transactions.
Maintain effective employee management.
This privacy policy provides detailed information on when and why we collect your personal data, how we use it and how we keep it safe.
Types of data we collect
CECA National is very careful about the data we hold. It is held securely, electronic data is password protected, hard copies are locked in cabinets and access to all data is limited.
We collect:
Names, telephone numbers, email and physical addresses of those who work for our member companies and those whom we actively engage with.
Names, telephone numbers, email, physical addresses and bank details of those who buy our publications.
Names, telephone numbers, email, physical addresses, bank details of those who provide agreed services for us.
Education, skills and job title data of our members and stakeholders when offered.
Name, phone number, email address, educational background, bank, financial and pay details, skills, marital status, job titles and CV’s of existing CECA National staff.
Data via Cookies (view cookie policy)
Data via Google Analytics to find out how our visitors use our website. This information is gathered and processed anonymously.
Wi-fi. CECA National offers guest wi-fi in the London office. The service is provided by our outsourced IT company and any data collected is not monitored.
Mailing lists: CECA National holds a series of current mailing lists for active fora, working parties, and correspondence with our regional teams. We use this data to keep those who sign up updated on our work and to ensure we are representing the interests of our membership and those we work with. You can unsubscribe from these emails at anytime by emailing: enquiries@ceca.co.uk
Ticketing data: CECA National runs a number of events each year. Personal data held by CECA only for each event includes: Name, job title, organisation, phone number, physical address, dietary requirements and car registration. CECA will use this data to communicate information to delegates before and after the event, and with the CITB (if appropriate) to fulfil our funding agreements. All personal data gathered for the event will be deleted if appropriate by CECA no later than six weeks after the event takes place.
Who we share it with
CECA National shares the data we hold with a limited number of organisations in order to help us meet our business requirements and ensure we are representing the interests of our members. Those with whom we share data securely with are our:
Book keeper.
Pension provider.
Healthcare provider.
Bank.
The Construction Products Association with whom we have a service agreement for processing our quarterly Workloads Trends survey data. The published results are anonymised.
The CITB to fulfil our funding agreement.
Regional Offices, to ensure the needs of subscribed member companies are met.
IT provider and web developer, as part of the existing contracts and service agreements we hold with them.
Other services we use
CECA uses the following services to fulfil meet the requirements of our business:
Eventbrite
WorldPay
Doodle Poll
SurveyMonkey
Access to your personal information
Under GDPR you have the right to access, amend, or delete any of your personal data that is held by CECA National. If you would like to do this please e-mail enquiries@ceca.co.uk.
Right to appeal
If you are concerned about how we hold your data, please contact, enquiries@ceca.co.uk,  raising your concerns or contact the Commissions Office, the statutory regulator for data protection law.
Changes to this privacy notice
This privacy notice comes into force on 25 May 2018 and will be reviewed quarterly.