http://www.cnshealthcare.com/privacy-policy
Your Experts in Medical and Neuroscience                                           Clinical Research
Jacksonville, FL: 904-281-5757
Memphis, TN: 901-843-1045
Orlando, FL: 407-425-5100
Coronavirus (COVID19) Information | Suicide Prevention Information
Sidebar
×
HomeJacksonville, FLEnrolling TrialsInvestigatorsResearch TeamContact InformationMemphis, TNEnrolling TrialsInvestigatorsResearch TeamContact InformationOrlando, FLEnrolling TrialsInvestigatorsResearch TeamContact InformationPatient InformationWhat to expectCommunity CaringHealth ConditionsSponsors & CROs
Home
Jacksonville, FL
Enrolling Trials
Investigators
Research Team
Contact Information
Memphis, TN
Enrolling Trials
Investigators
Research Team
Contact Information
Orlando, FL
Enrolling Trials
Investigators
Research Team
Contact Information
Patient Information
What to expect
Community Caring
Health Conditions
Sponsors & CROs
Search ...
Search
COVID-19 Message: We’re still open! All patients and visitors will be temperature checked and screened prior to entering the office.  [Read More]
You are here:  HomePrivacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last modified: February 18, 2020
Introduction
Clinical Neuroscience Solutions, Inc. d/b/a CNS Healthcare ("Company" or "We") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website cnshealthcare.com (our "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
• On this Website.
• In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
• When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
It does not apply to information collected by:
• Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party; or
• Any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see “Changes to Our Privacy Policy” below). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 18
Our Website is not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under age 18 may use or provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at:
6750 Turkey Lake Road, Suite 300Orlando, FL 32819This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
• By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information");
• That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as information identifying the purpose of your use of the Website and your specific interests in certain types of medical conditions or available services; and/or
• About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:
• Directly from you when you provide it to us.
• Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
• From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information You Provide to Us.
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
• Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website.
• Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
• Your responses to surveys or inquiries that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
• Your search queries on the Website.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
• Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
• Information about your computer and internet connection, including but not limited to your IP address, operating system, and browser type and other geographic identifiers.
The information we collect automatically may include personal information, or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
• Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
• Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
• Speed up your searches.
• Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
• Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
• Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
• Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications on the Website may be served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
• To present our Website and its contents to you.
• To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
• To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
• To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
• To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
• To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
• In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
• For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please send us an email using the link on our Website or at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. For more information, see “Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information”.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors or service providers we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the assets of Clinical Neuroscience Solutions, Inc., whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Clinical Neuroscience Solutions, Inc. about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an email address to use the "email a friend" feature of our Website, we will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the recipients.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
and in accordance with any other agreements between you and us.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Clinical Neuroscience Solutions, Inc., our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt out by sending us an email stating your request to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may opt-out by clicking the “opt out” link included in the email and following the instructions provided, or by sending us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
The date this privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of this page. In the event we make any changes or updates to our privacy policy on this page, we will provide notice of the updates to you by publishing an updated modification date at the beginning of this policy. While we may also take other actions, in our sole discretion, to notify you that the privacy policy has been updated (such as emailing you or posting notice of a change on the Website home page), it is your responsibility to periodically visit our Website and check this policy from time to time so you are aware of any updates that apply to the privacy of information provided on or through this Website. Any changes you wish to make to our handling of your information as a result of any updates to our privacy policy should be emailed to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you.
Contact Information
To ask any questions or provide any comments about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, please contact us by email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it., or by direct mail to:
CNS Healthcare6750 Turkey Lake Road, Suite 300Orlando, FL 32819