https://www.ceva-dsp.com/cookie-policy/
Search for:
Search
This Cookie policy describes how CEVA, INC. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively, “we”, “us” and “our”) uses cookies.
We use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons and similar files or technologies to automatically collect and store information about your computer, device, and Site usage, in order to improve their performance and enhance your user experience.  We use the general term “cookies” in this policy to refer to these technologies and all such similar technologies that collect information automatically when you are using our website where this policy is posted (“Site”). You can find out more about cookies and how to control them in the information below.
If you do not accept the use of these cookies, please disable them using the instructions in this cookie policy or by changing your browser settings so that cookies from this Site cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device.
This Cookies Policy, along with our Privacy Policy available at http://www.ceva-dsp.com/privacy-policy/, forms part of our Website Terms of Use, available at http://www.ceva-dsp.com/website-terms-use/. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Cookies Policy have the same meaning given in our Website Terms of Use.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are computer files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies can then be sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving the user experience. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited our Site before or whether you are a new visitor.
There are two broad categories of cookies:
First party cookies, served directly by us to your computer or mobile device.
Third party cookies, which are served by a third party on our behalf. We use third party cookies for functionality, performance / analytics, and social media purposes.
Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. Some cookies are ‘session cookies’, meaning that they exist only while your browser is open. These are deleted automatically once you close your browser. Other cookies are ‘permanent cookies’, meaning that they survive after your browser is closed. They can be used by websites to recognise your computer or mobile device when you open your browser and browse the Internet again.
We may also use web beacon or other similar cookie technologies. When a visitor accesses our Site, a non-identifiable notice of that visit is generated which may be processed by us or by third parties. These web beacons usually work in conjunction with cookies. If you don’t want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these pages, you can set your browser to turn off cookies as described further below. If you turn off cookies, web beacon and other technologies will still detect your visits to our Site; however, they will not be associated with information otherwise stored in cookies.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies to:
track traffic flow and patterns of travel in connection with our Site;
understand the total number of visitors to our sites on an ongoing basis and the types of internet browsers (e.g. Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Internet Explorer) and operating systems (e.g. Windows or Mac) used by our visitors;
monitor the performance of our Site and to continually improve it;
customize and enhance your online experience.
We may also use a third party called Google Analytics to gather general information about how people use our Site for the purposes of website optimisation and analytics. To find out more about Google Analytics’ privacy policies, please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
We may also include web beacons in e-mail messages to you in order to determine whether messages have been opened and links contained within them have been clicked.
What types of cookies do we use?
The types of cookies used by us and our partners in connection with the Site can be classified into one of five categories, namely ‘essential website cookies’, ‘functionality cookies’, ‘analytics and performance cookies’, ‘geotargetting’ and ‘Flash cookies’. We’ve set out some further information about each category, and the purposes of the cookies we and third parties set in the following table.
Cookies necessary for essential website purposes
These cookies are essential to provide you with the service available through this Site (“Service”) and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like transactional pages and secure login accounts, would not be possible.
Functionality Cookies
Functionality cookies record information about choices you’ve made and allow us to tailor the Site to you. These cookies mean that when you continue to use or come back to the Site, we can provide you with the Service as you have asked for them to be provided. For example, these cookies allow us to:
Remember settings you have applied, such as layout, text size, preferences, and colors;
Show you when you are logged in;
Store accessibility options you have applied.
Performance / Analytics Cookies
We use performance/analytics cookies to analyse how the Site is accessed, used, or is performing in order to provide you with a better user experience and to maintain, operate and continually improve the Site. For example, these cookies allow us to:
Better understand the Site visitors so that we can improve how we present our content;
Test different design ideas for particular pages, such as our homepage;
Collect information about the Site visitors such as where they are located and what browsers they are using;
Determine the number of unique users of the Site and page views;
Improve the Site by measuring any errors that occur;
Conduct research and diagnostics to improve product offerings.
Geotargetting Cookies
These cookies are used by software which tries to work out what country you are in from the information supplied by your browser when you click on our Site. This cookie is completely anonymous, and we only use it to help target our content.
Flash Cookies
These cookies are similar to the browser cookies described above, but are loaded together with contents that are played back using Adobe’s Flash Player.
How to control or delete cookies
You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookies and we have explained how you can exercise this right below. However, please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Site.
Most browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. These settings will typically be found in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings and learn how to use them, please consult the “Help” function of your browser, or the documentation published online for your particular browser type and version.
To learn how to control or disable Flash Cookies, please consult the documentation or “Help” in Adobe Flash Player.
Need More Information?
If you would like to find out more about cookies and their use on the Internet, you may find the following link useful:
All About Cookies
Cookies that have been set in the past
If you have disabled one or more Cookies, we may still use information collected from cookies prior to your disabled preference being set, however, we will stop using the disabled cookie to collect any further information.
Contact us
If you have any questions or comments about this cookies policy, or privacy matters generally, please contact us via email at info@ceva-dsp.com.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks