http://www.stemcell.com/privacy-policy
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 6, 2020
This privacy statement describes how StemCell Technologies Inc. and affiliates (“STEMCELL”) collects and uses the personal information you provide on our Web site: www.stemcell.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
STEMCELL collects personal information, including names, email addresses, phone numbers and physical addresses for the purposes of maintaining relationships with our customers. Personal information may be shared with STEMCELL's business partners to provide the most efficient and effective service to our customers. Our business partners are held to strict confidentiality obligations related to personal information, and they include, but are not limited to SAP, Adobe, Salesforce, data processors, software as a service (SaaS), web service providers, event management solutions, and commerce integrators. You have the right to opt-out of having your personal information collected and you may request that STEMCELL delete all of your collected personal information. Please email your request to notices@stemcell.com or call us at our toll-free phone line: 1 (800) 667-0322.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect the following personal information from you:
Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number
Billing Information such as credit card number, and billing address
Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number, password
We also collect the following information from you:
Information about your business such as company name, company size, business type
Demographic information such as education, interests and zip code
As is true of most Web sites, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system and store it in log files.
We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you.
We use this information to:
Send general communications
Send you a newsletter
Send you promotional communications
Process and track transactions
Provide products and services to you
Recommend products and series that STEMCELL believes will be of interest and provide value to you
Anti-Spam
STEMCELL is committed to protecting our customers from damaging and misleading forms of electronic communications. STEMCELL is compliant with the anti-spam legislation in Canada and adopts this high standard throughout its global operations.
Choice/Opt-Out
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or promotional communication by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at info@stemcell.com.
You also have the right to opt-out of having your personal information collected and you may request that STEMCELL delete all of your collected personal information. Please email your request to notices@stemcell.com or call us at our toll-free phone line: 1 (800) 667-0322.
Tell-A-Friend
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. STEMCELL stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program.
Your friend may contact us at info@stemcell.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
Information Sharing
We will share your personal information including your email address with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We may provide your personal information including your email address to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
In certain situations, STEMCELL may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request, if STEMCELL is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information, to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
Tracking Technologies
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by STEMCELL and our online support providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies for our shopping cart, to remember users' settings (e.g. language preference) and for authentication. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.
LSOs
Third parties such as Ecsource.jove.com, with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, use LSOs such as HTML5 to collect and store information.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of STEMCELL. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.
Social Media Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook button [and Widgets, such interactive mini-programs that run on our site]. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Targeted Ads
We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt out. Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
Surveys or Contests
From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personal information from you. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
We use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes, to send participants an email, or to collect customer testimonials.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at info@stemcell.com.
When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
PCI Compliance
Nothing is more important than keeping our customer’s payment data secure and that is why we always insist on our payment processing providers being PCI compliant. The PCI Data Security Standard represents a common set of industry tools and measurements to help ensure the safe handling of sensitive information. The standard provides an actionable framework for developing a robust account data security process - including preventing, detecting and reacting to security incidents.
Customer Testimonials
We post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personal information. We do obtain the customer's consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial. To request removal of your personal information from Testimonials please contact us at info@stemcell.com.
Updating/Accessing/Correcting Personally Identifiable Information
STEMCELL will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If your personally identifiable information or your email address changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove or deactivate it by making the change on our member information page or by emailing our Customer Support at info@stemcell.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at info@stemcell.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Notification of Privacy Policy Changes
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any change in how we use your personal information including your email address we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
1618 Station Street
Vancouver, B.C.,
Canada, V6A 1B6
info@stemcell.com
Tel: +1.604.877.0713
Toll Free Tel: 1.800.667.0322
About Us
News
Events
About STEMCELL
Careers
Contact Us
Locations
Compliance
Public Relations
Subscribe for News
Ways to Order