https://www.everythingrf.com/privacy
everything RF
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
- We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our
newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
- When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to
enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, company details or phone number.
You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
- Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
- Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on
their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
- Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and
content network privacy policy..
What do we use your information for?
everything RF collects information from our users at several different points on
our web sites. Wherever we collect personal information. When you register with
everything RF or sign up to receive one of our newsletters and promotional emails,
everything RF may ask for your your email address and some demographic information.
We use demographic information to tailor your experience at our web site, showing
you content and advertisements that we think might interest you. everything RF may
also ask for such information at other times, such as when you request information
from everything RF and/or our customers and suppliers. The email address you provide
us, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in
addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service
information, etc.
With whom does everything RF share my information?
If you are downloading/requesting assistance, product information, white papers, case studies or brochures, your contact information may be shared with the developer of the relevant product, content, or software. Some materials that are available for download on everything RF, like white papers, datasheets, case studies, and product literature, are offered in conjunction with a partner company. Your contact information might be shared with the partner company so that they can follow up/provide you with information about the material you requested.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails,
we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Do we use cookies?
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, and keep
track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction
so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally
identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist
us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long
as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release
your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law,
enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other
parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or
services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy
policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities
of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site
and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance
with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute
your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection
Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website,
products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or
older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website
and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Terms of Use
everything RF Web Site Agreement
The www.everythingrf.com Web Site (the "Site") is an online information service
provided by everything RF ("www.everythingrf.com "), subject to your compliance
with the terms and conditions set forth below. Please read this document carefully
before accessing or using the site. By accessing or using the site, you agree to
be bound by the terms and conditions set forth below. If you do not wish to be bound
by these terms and conditions, you may not access or use this site. everything RF
may modify this agreement at any time, and such modifications shall be effective
immediately upon posting of the modified agreement on the site. You agree to review
the agreement periodically to be aware of such modifications and your continued
access or use of the site shall be deemed your conclusive acceptance of the modified
agreement.
1. Copyright, Licenses and Idea Submissions.
The entire contents of the Site are protected by international copyright and trademark
laws. The owner of the copyrights and trademarks are www.everythingrf.com, its affiliates
or other third party licensors. YOU MAY NOT MODIFY, COPY, REPRODUCE, REPUBLISH,
UPLOAD, POST, TRANSMIT, OR DISTRIBUTE, IN ANY MANNER, THE MATERIAL ON THE SITE,
INCLUDING TEXT, GRAPHICS, CODE AND/OR SOFTWARE. You may print and download portions
of material from the different areas of the Site solely for your own non-commercial
use provided that you agree not to change or delete any copyright or proprietary
notices from the materials. You agree to grant to www.everythingrf.com a non-exclusive,
royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual license, with the right to sub-license, to reproduce,
distribute, transmit, create derivative works of, publicly display and publicly
perform any materials and other information (including, without limitation, ideas
contained therein for new or improved products and services) you submit to any public
areas of the Site (such as bulletin boards, forums and newsgroups) or by e-mail
to www.everythingrf.com by all means and in any media now known or hereafter developed.
You also grant to www.everythingrf.com the right to use your name in connection
with the submitted materials and other information as well as in connection with
all advertising, marketing and promotional material related thereto. You agree that
you shall have no recourse against www.everythingrf.com for any alleged or actual
infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary right in your communications
to www.everythingrf .com.
TRADEMARKS.
Publications, products, content or services referenced herein or on the Site are
the exclusive trademarks or servicemarks of www.everythingrf.com. Other product
and company names mentioned in the Site may be the trademarks of their respective
owners.
2. Use of the Site.
By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age
of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority
in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow
any of your minor dependents to use this site. You may not use everything RF for
any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate
any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws). You
must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature. A breach
or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your
Services.
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate,
complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information
only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions
without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources
of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk. This
site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily,
is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to
modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update
any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor
changes to our site.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no case shall everything RF, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates,
agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable
for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special,
or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits,
lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages,
whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise,
arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service,
or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product,
including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss
or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content
(or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even
if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow
the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages,
in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent
permitted by law.
www.everythingrf.com makes no representations whatsoever about any other web site
which you may access through this one or which may link to this Site. When you access
a non-www.everythingrf.com web site, please understand that it is independent from
www.everythingrf.com, and that www.everythingrf.com has no control over the content
on that web site. In addition, a link to a www.everythingrf.com web site does not
mean that www.everythingrf.com endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content,
or the use, of such web site.
3. Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless www.everythingrf.com, its officers,
directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party information
providers to the Service from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs,
including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of this Agreement
(including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the
Service.
4. Third Party Rights.
The provisions of paragraphs 2 (Use of the Service), and 3 (Indemnification) are
for the benefit of www.everythingrf.com and its officers, directors, employees,
agents, licensors, suppliers, and any third party information providers to the Service.
Each of these individuals or entities shall have the right to assert and enforce
those provisions directly against you on its own behalf.
5. Term; Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated by either party without notice at any time for
any reason. The provisions of paragraphs 1 (Copyright, Licenses and Idea Submissions),
2 (Use of the Service), 3 (Indemnification), 4 (Third Party Rights) and 6 (Miscellaneous)
shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
6. Miscellaneous.
This Agreement shall all be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of
India applicable to agreements made and to be performed in India. You agree that
any legal action or proceeding between www.everythingrf.com and you for any purpose
concerning this Agreement or the parties' obligations hereunder shall be brought
exclusively in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction sitting in India
. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the Service must be
commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises or such
claim or cause of action is barred. www.everythingrf.com's failure to insist upon
or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed
as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the
parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of this Agreement.
www.everythingrf.com may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any
party at any time without notice to you.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Advertisement
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using
the information below.
Website :- www.everythingrf.com
S 117 Panchshilla Park
New Delhi, Delhi 110017
India
info[at the domain name].com
Technology
Hubs
4g/LTE/5g
Wireless Infrastructure
Aerospace & Defense
Satcom
Test & Measurement
GAN
GNSS
IOT
RFID/NFC
Waveguides
Amplifiers
Antennas
Automotive
Cables & Connectors
DAS
Radar
Software
Wireless Power
Wifi/Bluetooth
RF Energy
Quick Links
Home
Latest Products
Add Your Company
Job Search
Contact us
Resources
Advertise with us
Tools
Custom Filter Quotes
Cable Assembly Builder
RF Calculators
PCB Quotes
Popular Categories
RF Amplifiers
Power Dividers
SATCOM Products
Test & Measurement
Waveguide Components
Wireless Infrastructure
Wireless Modules
Our Network
BuildBot.io
PCB Directory
GoPhotonics
CalcTown
EMC Directory
3D Directory
Copyright 2020 © everything RF All Rights Reseverd  |
Privacy
Follow Us :
Thank You for Subscribing
×Close
×
Newsletter
Stay updated with the RF & Microwave Industry.
Full Name
Your Company
Email
Subscribe
Please wait...
Please provide valid credentials.
By signing up for our newsletter you agree to our Terms of Service and acknowledge receipt of our Privacy Policy.
×
Sign Up
Name
Company
Email
Password
Sign Up
Please wait...
Please provide valid credentials.
Already have an account?
Sign In
By creating an account with us you agree to our Terms of Service and acknowledge receipt of our Privacy Policy.
×
Sign In
Email
Password
Login
Forgot Password ?
Don't have an account?
Sign Up
Please wait...
Please provide valid credentials.
Fill the form to Download the Media Kit
×Close
Full Name:
Email:
Your company name:
Telephone:
Getting Media Kit. Please wait...
Cancel
Download
Layout Details
×
Image Link
Title
Link
Manufacturer
Description
Cancel
Save
See All Button Details
×
Text
Link
Cancel
Save
Submit Content
×
Content submitted here will be sent to our editorial team who will review and consider it for publication on the website. you will be emailed if this content is published on everything RF.
Email*
Company*
Description*
Upload a File (Press Releases or Document)
Note: File Size should be less than 10MB.
Remove
Submitting.... Please Wait!!!
Your Query has been successfully submitted.
Cancel
Submit
Inquiry Details
×
Please wait...
Close
We have sent an email to
to verify your address.
Please click on the button in the email to get access to this section.
Close
Sending Email. Please wait...
Privacy