http://www.petrochemistry.net/privacy-centre/
Privacy Centre
Petrochemicals Europe is committed to protecting privacy of personal data. Our Privacy Centre provides information on how we collect, store and process personal data and allows visitors to exercise their rights in line with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Find out more on how we collect and process personal data Cookies Policy You can consult our cookies policy and a full list of cookies used on this website. COOKIES POLICY Privacy Policy You can read our privacy policy that outlines how we collect, process and store data. PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE Terms of use outline a range of policies and disclaimers specific to this site. TERMS OF USE Your Rights The EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) grants you specific rights to find out more on the personal data we have, to be deleted from our databases, to correct data and to limit the processing of your personal data. Right to information Ask us if we hold any of your personal data and how it is processed and the rationale for the data processing. REQUEST INFORMATION Right to access Request a copy of the personal data we have in our database. REQUEST INFORMATION Right to rectification If you think the personal data we have on record is not up to date or incorrect, you can ask us to correct it. REQUEST RECTIFCATION Right to withdraw consent If you would like to withdraw a previously given consent to store your personal data or send you information you can withdraw that consent. WITHDRAW CONSENT Right to object If you would like us to keep your personal data on record but no longer process this data (e.g. send you newsletters), please be specific as to what type of processing you object to. SEND A REQUEST Right to object to automated processing We do not process personal data automatically. Right of Erasure If you would like to be deleted from our database as far as it is in line with other applicable laws you click on the button below. SEND REQUEST Right for data portability If you would like your personal data to be transferred to another organisation, we will provide your data in a machine readable format. SEND REQUEST Questions? If anything is unclear, please contact us IMPORTANT For all requests, please include your full name and e-mail address which will help us in their handling. If you have a complaint about our use of your information, you can contact the Belgian Privacy Commission. Belgian Privacy Commission Drukpersstraat 35, 1000 Brussels Tel +32 (0)2 274 48 00 commission@privacycommission.be