http://www.prototype3d.com/legal
LEGAL
Legal Information
The Materials contained in the C.ideas (CIDEAS) web site, www.buildparts.com, are provided by CIDEAS and may be used for informational purposes only.  By downloading any of the Materials contained in this site, you agree to the terms and provision as outlined in this legal notice and in the CIDEAS Privacy Policy notice.  If you do not agree, do not use this site or download Materials.
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
All terms are subject to revision or replacement at any time.
YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE.
Agreement to Terms of Use
These Terms and Conditions of Use apply to C.ideas Inc. (herein known as CIDEAS) web site located at www.buildparts.com. This Site is owned and operated by CIDEAS. By using this Site, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to all Terms and Conditions of Use. If you do not agree, do not use this Site. We also reserve the right to terminate your access and use of the Site for conduct that violates these Terms and Conditions of Use, CIDEAS other rights, or is otherwise illegal, harmful or inappropriate.
Copyright and Trademarks
©Copyright 2014 by C.ideas Inc. (CIDEAS). All rights reserved.  Specifications subject to change without notice.  All product names or services mentioned are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies.
All contents (copy, images, art, logos) contained in this site is copyrighted and may not be distributed, modified and/or reproduced in whole or in part without prior written permission of CIDEAS and the content contributors.
The information contained within this web site is subject to change without notice.
Links to Other Websites
The CIDEAS site may contain links to web sites that are provided and maintained exclusively by third parties. Websites provided and maintained by third parties are not subject to this privacy policy. Please review the privacy policies on those websites to understand their personal information handling practices. CIDEAS makes no representations concerning the privacy policies of third party websites.
Modifications
Product or services pricing, availability and any other information or feature, as well as these Terms and Conditions of Use, are subject to change without notice. CIDEAS reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, or to change the Terms and Conditions of Use at any time.
Privacy Policy
CIDEAS privacy policy applies to the use of this Site, and its terms are made a part of these Terms and Conditions of Use by this reference. Our privacy policy governs the use of personal information provided by you while using this site.
Questions
Please direct any questions regarding these Terms of Use or Privacy concerns to:
CIDEAS
125 Erick Street, Suite #A115
Crystal Lake, IL 60014
Phone: (847) 639-1000
Email: info@buildparts.com
"I wanted to pass along a big thank you for turning around the last parts so quickly.
By far the best 3D Printing company we've used, by a landslide."
L.M.
, Simulab