http://www.oasys-software.com/support/help-with-ordering/
Terms & Conditions
Contents
Go to -> Company Details
Go to -> Licensing of Oasys software – Licensing Documentation PDF
Go to -> Help with ordering
Data Security
Website Terms and Conditions
Software Licensing Terms
Data Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
All data is stored in secure electronic systems accessible only to Oasys staff with both valid network login credentials and specific authorisation to access the system.  Our systems further limit data access by role to ensure data is available only to those who have a specific need to see it.
If at any point you suspect or receive a suspicious communication from someone suggesting they work for Oasys or a website claiming to be affiliated with Oasys, please forward the communication to us or report the incident by email to oasys@arup.com or in writing to Oasys, 13 Fitzroy Street, London, UK, W1T 4BQ as soon as possible.
Data Security Notice Updated 27th February 2020
[ top ]
Website Terms and Conditions
The contents of this web site are protected by copyright and other intellectual property rights under international conventions. No copying of any words, images, graphic representations or other information contained in this web site is permitted without the prior written permission of the webmaster for this site.
Oasys accepts no responsibility for the content of any external site that links to or from this site.
[ top ]
Software Licensing Terms
Terms and Conditions of Purchase
The full conditions of purchase and maintenance for all Oasys software are set out in the Oasys Software Licence and Support Agreement. All prices are subject to TAX at the current rate.
Prices and specifications are subject to change without notice – please ask for a written quotation.
Although every care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of all information contained herein, the contents do not form or constitute a representation, warranty, or part of any contract.
Superseded Versions of Terms and Conditions
Oasys keeps copies of all superseded versions of its terms and conditions.
Maintenance & Support Services
Support and maintenance is included with all subscription licences for their full duration.
Annual maintenance contracts are available for software under a perpetual licence, prices are based on a percentage of the most recent list price.
This service includes:
telephone/email/web based support
free software updates available via internet download
personalised output header for many products
Help with ordering
Your guide to making purchases and information about returns, your privacy, payment terms, and terms and conditions of the purchase.
Purchasing Licences or Renewing Maintenance
From the ‘Products’ menu, select the software you wish to purchase
From the ‘Buy Now’ section, select the ‘Licence’ from the dropdown (not applicable to all products)
If there is not a ‘Buy Now’ option but a ‘Price Enquiry’ option – contact us to enquire about purchasing
Select to Buy, Rent or Maintain from the ‘I would like to’ dropdown
Add the quantity required into ‘No. of Licences’ and click ‘Add to Basket’
Repeat for any other Products until you have everything you require in your Shopping Basket. Then visit your basket in the top right corner; oasys-software.com/basket/
Check your basket and apply a coupon if applicable, ‘Proceed to checkout’
Complete the short form to create an account, or if you are already registered simply ‘Log In’
Choose your payment method, as either Credit/Debit Card, Cheque or Bank Transfer
If you selected cheque or bank transfer you will be emailed your invoice
If you selected Credit/Debit Card, follow the instructions and enter your card details. The payment is processed via Stripe.
You will receive an order acknowledgement via email
Cards we Accept
When processing an order with Credit/Debit Card, there is no maximum spend and we accept the card types Mastercard, VISA, and American Express.
Not for Profit Organisations
Oasys provides significant discounts to not-for-profit organisations and developing countries.
Please Contact us for details.
Is it safe to order online?
Yes, we use industry standard SSL encryption to protect your details. Stripe is one of the most trusted payment gateways online. Potentially sensitive information such as your address, name and card details are encoded so they can only be read on the secure server. This information is authenticated to ensure it only gets sent to this secure server and is checked to make sure it has not been tampered with during transfer. Security checks are also made on all payment, to ensure the authenticity of each card payment.
Shipping
The software is via download from our website. The licence activation details are issued by email, usually the same or next working day.
Licensing Portal – tutorial video:
Returns
Most of our software can be downloaded from our web site and installed for a trial period free of charge. We encourage all customers to install and test the software prior to purchase, ensuring that it meets your expectations. If having purchased the software you are dissatisfied and wish to obtain a refund, please write to the following address providing evidence of your purchase and stating the nature of your claim:
Oasys Limited
Central Square
Forth Street
Newcastle Upon Tyne
NE1 3PL
Refused Orders
We reserve the right to refuse any order.
If your order is refused by us we will refund you. We reserve the right to choose the method of refund e.g. cheque, bank transfer etc.
Privacy – Sales transactions
As part of a sales transaction we may ask for your contact details and other information. This information is only used by Oasys Ltd and its parent Company Arup Group Ltd to process your order and maintain contact with you for support, product updates and notifications. We do not pass your data on to any other organisations. Please view our Privacy Policy for full details.
Maintenance & Support Services
Twelve months support and maintenance is included with most products. Thereafter maintenance is typically 20% of the current sales price.
An annual maintenance service is available for most programs after the first year.
This service includes:
telephone/fax/email/web based support
free software updates available via internet download
personalised output header for many products
Terms and Conditions of Purchase
You are required to accept Oasys Terms and Conditions which are concluded in English.
The full conditions of purchase and maintenance are set out in the Oasys Software Licence and Support Agreement. All prices are subject to TAX at the current rate.
Prices and specifications are subject to change without notice – please ask for a written quotation.
Although every care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of all information contained herein, the contents do not form or constitute a representation, warranty, or part of any contract.
Payment Terms
Payment is due upon presentation of Oasys’ invoice to you. This will normally be generated automatically by our shopping cart which will also email a copy to you when you place your order.
All credit card payments are processed by Stripe.
Payment by any other method is via prior arrangement. Oasys reserve the right to withhold delivery of licences/products until payment is received.
Superseded Versions of Terms and Conditions
Oasys keep copies of all superseded versions of terms and conditions.
Newsletter Sign up
Please fill out your details below to receive the latest oasys news.
Name*Email*
Terms and Conditions*
Tick here to agree to our terms and conditions. Read more
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.