http://www.igem.org.uk/policy-and-research-hub/policy-responses/
Cookie Settings
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer, to improve your experience. One of the cookies this site uses is essential for parts of the site to operate and has already been set. You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site will not work. To find out more about the cookies this site uses and how to delete them, please see the Cookie page
I accept cookies from this site.
Search our Site
Keywords
close
Log out
Show Mobile Menu
Search
My IGEM Login
Basket
Contact us
Home
About Us
Who we are
Our history
Governance
Annual Report & Accounts
Awards and medals
Funds
Meetpoint Midlands
Membership
Who can join?
Why join?
Which grade?
Apply now
Membership workshops
FAQs for membership
Professional registration
Directories
IGEM Sections
Professional Development
What is professional development?
What counts as CPD?
Assessing professional development
Professional registration
Get into Gas
Recording CPD
Scholarships and Grants
Events & Courses
Sponsorship and exhibition opportunities
Technical services
Technical gas standards
Accessing our standards
How our standards are produced
Recently published standards
Standards under review
Comment on draft standards
Technical standards enquiries
Other technical publications
Gas Quality Working Group
Large Business Forum
Low Pressure Supply Working Group
RIDDOR Working Group
Recognition of training
IGEM House library
News & Publications
Gas International
Historic Gas Times
E-newsletters
IGEMtv
Policy & Research
Upcoming Publications & Events
Policy responses
Industry consultations
Research library
Get Involved
Ways to volunteer
Why volunteer?
Collaborative working
Industry consultations
Gas International
Working for us
Close
Home >
Policy and research hub
>
Policy responses
Policy responses
IGEM welcomes Government's Ten Point Plan for a Green Industrial Revolution
November 2020 Covering clean energy, transport, nature and innovative technologies, the Prime Minister’s blueprint will allow the UK to forge ahead with eradicating its contribution to climate change by 2050, particularly crucial in the run up to the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow next year.
IGEM welcomes report from National Engineering Policy Centre
November 2020
The report urges policy makers to make bold moves in five key areas to avoid being locked into a high carbon future. IGEM fully support the report’s recommendations to make the best use of the UK’s existing assets and infrastructure and to mobilise a workforce that can meet the technical needs of the UK’s net-zero future.
Spending Review must support innovation to improve resilience and cut carbon emissions, say engineers
October 2020 The government’s Spending Review should include support for innovation, especially to achieve the aims of net zero emissions, resilient infrastructure and nationwide digitalisation, according to recommendations published by the National Engineering Policy Centre (NEPC) today. The UK should aim to be not just a science superpower, but a science, engineering and innovation superpower, enabling it to deliver the maximum economic and social returns from its investment in science.
IGEM welcomes Climate Assembly report on the path to net zero
September 2020 See IGEM’s latest policy response to the Assembly’s backing for including hydrogen in decarbonising heat supply, alongside heat pumps and heat networks; acknowledging the call for local areas being able to choose the solutions that best suit them.
IGEM welcomes new APPG hydrogen report
July 2020 See IGEM’s latest policy response to the All Party Parliamentary Group (APPG) on Hydrogen's latest report urging the Government to move quickly on hydrogen and set ambitious policies to unlock investment, create employment opportunities and support the UK's net-zero targets.
Net Zero: A systems perspective on the climate challenge
May 2020 See IGEM’s latest policy response to the National Engineering Policy Centre's publication names Net Zero: A systems perspective on the climate challenge.
Two new policy reports highlight why Gas Quality matters
February 2020 See IGEM’s latest policy response to the Hydrogen Taskforce’s publication named The Role of Hydrogen in Delivering Net Zero, and ADBA's publication named Biomethane: The Pathway to 2030 and what they mean for immediate policy support across the sector.
UKERC - Energy Policy Review 2019
October 2019
This year’s Review of Energy Policy focuses on seven themes that form the backbone of UKERC’s research programme for the next five years. The Review sets out some of the challenges the next government will face and makes specific recommendations about future policy priorities.
IGEM welcomes a new report from the Energy Networks Association (ENA)
October 2019 The report recognises a number of key requirements in ‘preparing for the transition’ and outlines the low-regret actions for policy makers and stakeholders to support now.
Third instalment in IGEM-sponsored Future Gas Series presents some “Uncomfortable Home Truths” about low carbon heat
October 2019 A new IGEM-sponsored report has called for an urgent Green Heat Roadmap by 2020 to scale low carbon heating technologies and help Britain’s homeowners access the help they need to take smarter, greener choices on heating their homes.
National Engineering Policy Centre – Engineering priorities for our future economy and society  August 2019 This is the first joint publication by the National Engineering Policy Centre, an ambitious new partnership between IGEM and 38 UK engineering organisations, led by the Royal Academy of Engineering. The report calls on government to work with the sector to invest in skills, innovation, digital and traditional infrastructure, and clean energy technologies.
IGEM echoes MPs’ demands for government to “make a commitment on CCUS now” following carbon capture report April 2019
This report follows the Committee’s inquiry examining the Government’s commitment to deploying CCUS technology and whether it has a “plan b” to meet the UK’s climate change targets should the desired cost reductions not materialise.
Institution of Gas Engineers & Managers (IGEM) comments on CCC hydrogen report November 2018
This report contains the key finding that hydrogen will play a substantial role in the long term progression to a decarbonised power, heat and transport system. However, the CCC envisages much more energy efficient homes with heat pumps that use electricity to draw heat from the ground or air, running alongside gas boilers.
HomepageSite MapAbout usMembershipProfessional developmentGet involvedNews and PublicationsTechnical ServicesTerms and conditionsPrivacy policyRegistrationContact UsEvents and coursesDisclaimerCopyrightCookiesAccessibilityprivacyPolicy and research hubUpcoming Publications & EventsPolicy responsesThird instalment in IGEM-sponsored Future Gas Series presents some “Uncomfortable Home Truths” about low carbon heatNational Engineering Policy Centre | Engineering priorities for our future economy and societyIGEM echoes MPs’ demands for government to “make a commitment on CCUS now” following carbon capture reportInstitution of Gas Engineers & Managers (IGEM) comments on CCC hydrogen reportIGEM welcomes a new report from the Energy Networks Association (ENA)UKERC - Energy Policy Review 2019 Two new policy reports highlight why Gas Quality mattersIGEM teams up with National Engineering Policy Centre to tackle net zeroIGEM welcomes Government's Ten Point Plan for a Green Industrial RevolutionIndustry consultationsResearch library
Contact us
IGEM House26 & 28 High StreetKegworthDerbyDE74 2DAUnited Kingdom
t: +44 (0)1509 678 150e: general@igem.org.ukCharity No: 214011Vat No: 674772885
Quick links
Site Map
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Terms of use
Meetpoint Midlands
Accessibility