http://www.aseg.org.au/terms-use
Important announcement of COVID 19 - Click here
Terms of Use
Welcome to www.aseg.org.au (the site). This site is operated and owned by The Australian Society of Exploration Geophysicists (The ASEG). Your access to and use of the site is conditional on acceptance of the terms and conditions of use.
GENERAL TERMS & CONDITIONS
1. Access
The ASEG reserves the right to deny you access to, or use of, all or part of the site, without prior notice, if you engage in any conduct that The ASEG believes, in its sole discretion:
(a) violates any term or provision of the Terms and Conditions; or
(b) violates the rights of The ASEG or third parties; or
(c) is otherwise inappropriate for continued access and use of the site.
2. System integrity and user conduct
2.1 You must not use the site to:
(a) impersonate or otherwise misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any other person or entity;
(b) send junk, obscene, indecent, offensive or threatening electronic mail or 'spam' to people who would not wish to receive mail from you;
(c) falsify or delete any attributions, legends, or other proprietary designations of origin or source of any content of the site;
(d) conduct, display, or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes, or chain letters;
(e) interfere with or disrupt the site or servers or networks connected to the Site, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of networks connected to the site;
(f) attempt to gain unauthorised access to the site or computer systems or networks connected to the site through any means;
(g) commit forgery (or attempted forgery), harass any individual, or harm minors in any way;
(h) collect, store, post, disclose or transmit personal data about other users, including without limitation tax file number information and email addresses; or
(i) violate any applicable state, Commonwealth or international law, convention or regulation.
2.2 You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of any passwords and/or identification or login information for the site. You agree to notify The ASEG immediately of any unauthorised use of your password or any other breach of security.
3. Privacy and security statement
3.1 The ASEG values the user's right to keep personal information private. Personal information collected online by The ASEG, either as a result of visiting the site or by users directly providing personal information to The ASEG, is collected, stored and used by The ASEG in accordance with The ASEG’s Privacy Policy.
4. Discussion forums and social media
4.1 You expressly acknowledge and agree that the discussion forums on this site provide a means of public, not private, communication.
4.2 By participating in a discussion forum or ASEG social media service, you expressly agree to comply with guidelines and rules as outlined in the Discussion Forum and Social Media Guidelines.
4.3 The ASEG will not be liable for any information displayed on such discussion forums or social media sites, whether offensive to persons or group of persons, upsetting, defamatory, in any way unsuitable for people under the age of 18 years, or otherwise, or for the accuracy of such information.
5. Online financial transactions
The site may allow you to purchase different types of products and services online that are provided by The ASEG. When ordering products or services on the site, you must provide complete and accurate personal information as requested.
When you provide credit card information, you warrant that you are fully entitled to use that card and that it has sufficient funds to cover any purchases.
When you make payment on the items in your shopping cart, The ASEG or The ASEG's nominee will process the payment against your credit card payment instruction details.
A printable invoice will be sent via email acknowledging payment once the payment has been processed.
6. Links and advertising
6.1 This site may contain links to third party websites. Those sites are not under the control of The ASEG and The ASEG is not responsible for the content or the links contained in those sites. Neither The ASEG nor its officers, directors, employees, agents, or related bodies corporate recommend or endorse the content of any third party sites which may be linked to or from the site, or products or services of any third party organisations mentioned or described on this site or linked to or from this site. You acknowledge that you enter any third party websites at your own risk.
6.2 The site may contain advertisements for third parties' goods and/or services. The third party advertisers are responsible for the accuracy of all representations made in those advertisements. Neither The ASEG nor its officers, directors, employees, agents or related bodies corporate recommend or endorse the goods or services that may be advertised on the site, nor do they offer the goods or services for sale or make any other representation whatsoever about them. If you choose to order a product or service advertised by a third party on the site, you do so at your own risk.
7. Disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability
7.1 Subject only to 7.2 below:
(a) This site is provided by The ASEG on an 'as is' basis without any express or implied warranty of any kind;
(b) The worldwide web exists across open public networks that are neither secure nor private and, whilst The ASEG will take precautions to ensure the security of data entered on the site, you acknowledge and accept the risk that any communication to or from the site may be intercepted, used or modified by third parties.
(c) The ASEG does not warrant that access to or use of this site will be uninterrupted or error free or that the site or any material on or accessible through the site is free from errors or viruses, worms, or other harmful components;
(d) The ASEG does not warrant anything about the reliability, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, suitability, quality, physical state or for a particular purpose of any material on or accessible through the site;
(e) The ASEG may change any of the material on the site at any time without notice;
(f) The ASEG makes no commitment to update any material on the site;
(g) You are responsible for assessing the accuracy, reliability, suitability and accuracy of the material on or accessible through the site;
(h) You accept all risks and responsibility for all loss, damage, costs and other consequences resulting from using the site or the material on or accessible through the site; and
(i) Neither The ASEG nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents or related bodies corporate shall be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, losses or damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of information, indirect, special, punitive or consequential losses or damages arising our of the use or inability to use the material or information available on or accessible through the site, even if The ASEG has been advised of the likelihood of such damages.
7.2 Where the laws of any country or state in which these terms and conditions are effective implies into these terms and conditions any term, condition or warranty, and those laws avoid or prohibit provisions in a contract excluding or modifying them, then the term, condition or warranty shall be deemed to be included in these terms and conditions provided that the liability of The ASEG, its officers, directors, employees, agents and related bodies corporate for a breach of any such term, condition or warranty, including any economic or consequential loss which you may sustain shall be limited, at the option of The ASEG, to:
(a) in the case of services, the supply of the services again, or the payment of having the services resupplied; and
(b) in the case of goods, the replacement or repair of the goods, the supply of equivalent goods, or the payment of the costs of replacing or repairing the goods or acquiring equivalent goods.
8. Indemnification
8.1 You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless The ASEG, and its officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and related bodies corporate from any and all third-party claims, liability, damages, and costs (including, but not limited to, reasonable lawyers' fees) arising from your use of the site or your failure to comply with these terms and conditions, or from your violation of any applicable law.
9. Intellectual property rights
9.1 The information, text materials, html coding, graphics, logos, button icons, images, video and audio clips, trade marks (whether registered or not), advertisements, layout, arrangement, graphical user interface, look and feel, and control features of the site (the 'content') is protected by copyright, trade mark and other intellectual property laws.
9.2 You must not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, frame, upload to a third party, transmit or distribute in any way the content except as expressly provided in these terms and conditions or as permitted by the Copyright Act.
9.3 The ASEG logo and name are the trade marks of The ASEG, and may not be used as part of your business or in connection with any goods or services without the prior written consent of The ASEG.
10. General
10.1 The ASEG may from time to time amend, update, or change the site, including these terms and conditions, without prior notice.
10.2 The ASEG shall not be liable by reason of the failure in the performance of obligations under the terms and conditions by reason of strikes, riots, fire, explosion, acts of God, governmental action, or any other cause which is beyond the reasonable control of The ASEG, including any form of technological failure or the actions of third parties.
10.3 These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and The ASEG with respect to this site, and the terms and conditions replace all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding the site.
10.4 If any provision of these terms and conditions is found to be invalid or unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent possible and will be deemed deleted to the extent that it is nor enforceable, and the remaining provisions of the terms and conditions shall remain in full force and effect.
10.5 The failure by The ASEG to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any of these terms and conditions will not be construed as a waiver of any right or remedy of The ASEG in respect of any existing or subsequent breach of these terms and conditions.
11. Contacting us
If you wish to ask questions or provide suggestions regarding the information on this page, please email the ASEG webmaster.
Recent Tweets
@ASEG_News
AboutAboutAbout ASEGAbout ASEGOverview
Honours & Awards
Executive
2018 Photo competition
2016 Photo Competition
Data collection policy
Annual reports
Competitions Policy
Professional accreditation
ASEG Strategic plan
Committees
Supported organisations
Diversity, Ethics and Equity
BranchesBranchesACT
NSW
QLD
SA-NT
TAS
VIC
WA
HistoryHistoryHistory of ASEG
History of Geophysics
History of Members
Preview articles of a historical nature
Equipment museum
Digital Picture Archive
SIGSIGASEG Young Professionals
Corporate Sponsors
Affiliate Organisations
MembershipMembershipOverview
Corporate Membership
Apply to join the ASEG
FoundationFoundationOverview
How to apply
Donate to the Reseach Foundation
Project results
Research foundation impacts
Sponsored projects
EventsEventsCurrent Conference
Past Conference
Events
Petroleum-related conferences
Professor David Boyd 90th Celebrations
News
ProfessionalProfessionalPublicationsPublicationsOverview
ASEG Extended Abstracts
ASEG Newsletters
Exploration Geophysics
Preview digital library
Preview: Current edition
Special publications
Uncover
Book Shop
Geological Interpretation of Aeromagnetic Data
Principles of Publication
TechnicalTechnicalASEG Videos
ASEG Technical Standards
Test Ranges
Manuals
Open source geophysical software
Historical technical reports
Equipment Museum
EmploymentEmploymentContractor Database
Job Listing
Job Seeker
Job advertising policy
Continuous EducationContinuous EducationEAGE EET
OzSTEP/OzLEAP
SEG DISC/DL
Voodoo Geophysics
Technical talk proceedings
Workshop proceedings
Contact
×
Login Notice
Authentication for the website is handled by Currinda, our membership database.
Click “Continue” to login via the Currinda website. Once you have logged in you will automatically redirected back to the ASEG website.
Continue
Close