http://www.igem.org.uk/policy-and-research-hub/upcoming-publications-events/
Cookie Settings
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer, to improve your experience. One of the cookies this site uses is essential for parts of the site to operate and has already been set. You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site will not work. To find out more about the cookies this site uses and how to delete them, please see the Cookie page
I accept cookies from this site.
Search our Site
Keywords
close
Log out
Show Mobile Menu
Search
My IGEM Login
Basket
Contact us
Home
About Us
Who we are
Our history
Governance
Annual Report & Accounts
Awards and medals
Funds
Meetpoint Midlands
Membership
Who can join?
Why join?
Which grade?
Apply now
Membership workshops
FAQs for membership
Professional registration
Directories
IGEM Sections
Professional Development
What is professional development?
What counts as CPD?
Assessing professional development
Professional registration
Get into Gas
Recording CPD
Scholarships and Grants
Events & Courses
Sponsorship and exhibition opportunities
Technical services
Technical gas standards
Accessing our standards
How our standards are produced
Recently published standards
Standards under review
Comment on draft standards
Technical standards enquiries
Other technical publications
Gas Quality Working Group
Large Business Forum
Low Pressure Supply Working Group
RIDDOR Working Group
Recognition of training
IGEM House library
News & Publications
Gas International
Historic Gas Times
E-newsletters
IGEMtv
Policy & Research
Upcoming Publications & Events
Policy responses
Industry consultations
Research library
Get Involved
Ways to volunteer
Why volunteer?
Collaborative working
Industry consultations
Gas International
Working for us
Close
Home >
Policy and research hub
>
Upcoming Publications & Events
Upcoming Publications & Events
We closely monitor the progress of external policy publications, research reports and events that are relevant to our industry and may be of interest to you. Here you can find a summary of those upcoming publications and events, when they are expected and where you can find out more information.
Publications
Climate Change Committee's Sixth Carbon Budget Report
The Sixth Carbon Budget report is based on an extensive programme of analysis, consultation and consideration by the Committee and its staff, building on the evidence published last year for our Net Zero advice.
Published date: December 2020
View publication page
Policy Connect - Pipeline to 2050: Building the foundations for a harmonised heat strategy Following up on our report Uncomfortable Home Truths: why Britain urgently needs a low carbon heat strategy, Pipeline to 2050 sets out recommendations for BEIS’ forthcoming Heat and Buildings Strategy, across six themes: A joined-up approach, Urgent at-scale action, Governance, Finance, Deployment development & innovation, and public engagement.
Published date: November 2020
View publication page
UK Government – Policy Paper: The ten point plan for a green industrial revolution
This report sets out the Government’s plan to achieve a Green Industrial Revolution, including investment in clean technologies, including ‘up to’ £500m on Hydrogen. Under Point 2 of the plan – ‘Drive growth of Low Carbon Hydrogen’ the Government plans include:
Working with industry the UK is aiming for 5GW of low carbon hydrogen production capacity by 2030, that could see the UK benefit from around 8,000 jobs across our industrial heartlands and beyond. This will be supported by a range of measures, including a £240 million Net Zero Hydrogen Fund
Hubs where renewable energy, CCUS and hydrogen congregate will put our industrial ‘SuperPlaces’ at the forefront of technological development.
Pioneering hydrogen heating trials, starting with a Hydrogen Neighbourhood and scaling up to a potential Hydrogen Town before the end of this decade.
Lower carbon heating and cooking with no change in experience for domestic consumers through hydrogen blends and reducing the emissions of the gas used by up to 7%.
Pioneer a new British industry dedicated to capture carbon and storage under the North Sea
Key milestones include: Expected date: November 2020
View publication page
National Engineering Policy Centre - Beyond COVID-19: laying the foundations for a net-zero recovery
The report urges policy makers to make bold moves in five key areas to avoid being locked into a high carbon future, including:
Ensure recovery packages work together as a whole to pivot the UK towards a net-zero economy
Apply outcomes-based procurement processes for all public-sector infrastructure and building projects with a focus on low carbon
Prioritise diversity and inclusion for jobs and skills to reverse COVID-19 impacts and help build net-zero capacity and strengthen long-term capability
Drive digital transformation as an essential enabler of net-zero and resilience
Deploy cross-sectoral systems approaches to policymaking that underline the interconnectedness of different policy areas and economic sectors
Expected date: November 2020
View publication page
BEIS - Energy Policy White Paper
The government have announced that Clean Growth Strategy published in 2017 will be refreshed in light of the Government's net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 target. Expected date: Winter 2020
View publication page
BEIS - Heat Policy Roadmap
The Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy is working with stakeholders to save carbon and transform the way we heat our homes and businesses.
Expected date: Winter 2020
View publication page
Events
Energy Institute – Energy Policy Debate: UK Energy Policy Priorities for 2021
In 2021 the UK Government will have much on its plate, from COVID-19 to Brexit, as well as being at the forefront of the climate change debate by playing host to COP 26. But what will the UK’s energy policy priorities for 2021 be? And how will it balance these priorities alongside the significant economic issues that the pandemic has wrought?
2 December | Online Webinar
View the event
CCUS 2020: Delivering Clean & Sustainable Growth
A two-day virtual conference, hosted by the Carbon Capture and Storage Association. The event will provide delegates with the latest developments in this rapidly evolving sector. It will include a number of parallel programmes that enable you to explore the wider landscape for CCUS and to deep-dive into specific aspects of project delivery.
2 - 3 December | Online Webinar
View the event
National Grid ESO - Clean heat and its implications for electricity and gas system operation
In National Grid ESO's 2020 Future Energy Scenarios one of their Key Messages is that reaching net zero is achievable but requires immediate action across all key technologies and policy areas. One of these areas is heat decarbonisation, which is identified as requiring urgent policy decisions to drive change across the whole energy system. They have recently published a thought piece on the future of clean heat here.
8 December | Online Webinar
View the event
Energy Networks Innovation Conference 2020
A free interactive virtual conference for anyone involved in managing, developing or implementing innovations that will pave the way for our future net-zero emissions gas and electricity transmission and distribution networks.
8 - 9 December | Online Webinar
View the event
Utility Week Health, Safety and Wellbeing Digital Conference 2020
The UK’s only dedicated digital event for health, safety, and wellbeing professionals in the utilities sector.
9 - 10 December | Online Webinar
View the event
Sustainable Gas Institute Annual Lecture 2020
This year's Annual Lecture will be given by Professor Maroto-Valer, Associate-Principal (Global Sustainability) at Heriot-Watt University, on ‘Industrial decarbonisation: The role of gas for a green economic recovery’.
10 December | Online Webinar
View the event
WEET Policy Conference – The future of the gas network in the UK
The conference will explore areas such as the RIIO-2 price control regime and its implications for operators, their partners and consumer; priorities for modernising infrastructure assets for decarbonisation, and the latest thinking on developing the hydrogen and low-carbon heating economy.
15 December | Online Webinar
View the event
HomepageSite MapAbout usMembershipProfessional developmentGet involvedNews and PublicationsTechnical ServicesTerms and conditionsPrivacy policyRegistrationContact UsEvents and coursesDisclaimerCopyrightCookiesAccessibilityprivacyPolicy and research hubUpcoming Publications & EventsPolicy responsesIndustry consultationsResearch library
Contact us
IGEM House26 & 28 High StreetKegworthDerbyDE74 2DAUnited Kingdom
t: +44 (0)1509 678 150e: general@igem.org.ukCharity No: 214011Vat No: 674772885
Quick links
Site Map
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Terms of use
Meetpoint Midlands
Accessibility