https://www.janegoodall.org/privacy/
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic the Jane Goodall Institute USA office is closed. We are more committed than ever to fulfilling our mission and advancing Dr. Goodall’s vision while our staff works remotely.Our work continues with the generosity of our supporters and the whole JGI family. We are so grateful for your continued support.
Our Story
About Jane
Our Legacy of Science
Timeline
Fun FAQs
Where’s Jane?
Our Work
Our Approach
Our Research & Science
Where We Work
Our Projects
Our Impact
Impact Stories
Make a Difference
Donate
Give Monthly
Give in Honor of Someone
Leadership Giving
Gift & Estate Planning
Give Stock
Chimp Guardian
Shop
About
Leadership & Staff
Our Global Presence
Financials
Press Room
Jobs & Internships
Contact (Old)
Donate
Get Updates
Top Bar LeftGet Updates
About
Leadership & Staff
Our Global Presence
Financials
Press Room
Jobs & Internships
Contact
Press Room
Good for All News
Roots & Shoots
Wiki
Shop
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updated – July 5, 2018
Privacy Policy
Your right to privacy is important to us all of us at the Jane Goodall Institute (JGI). We appreciate the trust you place in JGI when you share your contact information. We crafted our privacy policy with a deep respect for the trust you’ve placed in us.  Our privacy policy outlines how we collect, store and protect your information.
Our intention is to provide informative tools for those interested in our work and a means of allowing our constituents and the public to become more involved in our mission. We recognize that visitors to websites on the janegoodall.org or rootsandshoots.org domains (collectively Sites) may be concerned about the information that they provide to us and how we treat that information.
This Privacy Policy applies to www.janegoodall.org and all associated subdomains, mobile applications and any online services to which this Privacy Policy links. By visiting any of the Sites, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you disagree with any of the terms herein, please immediately discontinue use of the Sites.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to JGI by email, community@janegoodall.org.
Changes to this Policy
We may occasionally update this policy so that it evolves with the rapidly changing technologies used for engagement with our constituents like you. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy is reflected by the version date located at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. All updates and amendments are effective immediately upon notice to you, which we may give by any means, including, but not limited to, by posting a revised version of this Privacy Policy or other notice on the Site. You should review this Privacy Policy often to stay informed of changes that may affect you.
What Information We Collect from You
JGI collects two types of information about visitors to our Sites: (i) personal information you provide voluntarily, and (ii) tracking data, which may be automatically collected from visitors to our Sites.
Information You Provide
When contact us by email, use a web form, register or complete a financial transaction on one of our Sites we and our service providers may collect personal information about you including but not limited to: contact information, such as your name, home or other physical address, email address, telephone number and any other information you choose to provide.
If you leave comments or submit any content to our Sites, we collect the information whatever submission method you used such as an email or Web form, and may also collect your IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment or content, your associated profile picture may be made visible to the public in the context of your comment. (Note if you upload images to the Sites, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) because other visitors may be able to download and extract location data from the images).
The information you provide may be augmented by other information available on social media websites should you choose to connect your accounts with our Sites, and/or from information available in publicly accessible databases.
If you submit any personal information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Sites, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected Automatically
In addition, JGI and its service providers use a variety of techniques including the use of cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts to analyze behavior, gather demographic information and improve site administration. Our Sites do not use these services to collect any personally identifiable information not otherwise provided by you in using our Sites, and they do not track your browsing habits across other third-party websites on our behalf. These services may collect, among other information, your IP address, browser type, mobile device type, content visited while on the Sites and the duration of your visit to the Sites.
How We Protect Your Information
All sensitive information (such as your credit card information) submitted via one of our Sites is transmitted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us.
A lock icon in the address bar of your Web browser and a website address beginning with https:// indicate that a site is secure. In addition, the globally recognized company GeoTrust allows you to learn more about the websites that you visit before you submit any sensitive information. Our investment in this additional layer of security ensures that the web page on the Site you are visiting is authentic, secure and that any data or information you submit will be protected by 128-bit SSL encryption.
Whenever you see the GeoTrust on our Sites, you can personally verify that the web page in question is both secure and administered directly by JGI. You may submit personally identifying information and/or sensitive data (such as credit card numbers) to the website with the assurance that:
The website has a GeoTrust ID
GeoTrust has verified the organizational name and that the Jane Goodall has the proof of right to use it
The website legitimately runs under the auspices of JGI. All information sent to the website, if in an SSL session, is encrypted, protecting against disclosure to third parties.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
However, we caution that no data transmission over the Internet can ever be 100% secure. We strive to protect your information to the fullest extent, but cannot completely guarantee the security of such information. If at any point you feel that you have submitted information that you would like to have deleted, please call (703) 682-9220 and we will delete the information accordingly.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect for purposes of personalizing your experience on the site, to understand preferences of our visitors, administering, protecting and improving our Sites, to identify server problems, to compile aggregated statistics about usage of the Sites, and to engage in marketing activities.
For example, we may use your information to:
To send you information about our mission, programs, action opportunities, campaigns or our partners;
To customize your web and email content based on your interests;
To send you requests to participate in events in your area and otherwise target content and communications to you;
To process donations, renew your membership, as well as to provide membership services;
To allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules, which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information;
To send administrative information to you, such as information regarding the Sites and changes to tour terms, conditions and policies; and
For our internal purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products and services, enhancing, improving or modifying the Sites, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our activities
How We May Share Your Information
We share the personal information you provide us with our service providers as necessary for the provision of services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, information technology, customer service, email delivery, auditing, and similar services. We do not undertake all of our processing activities ourselves, but we ensure that we have agreements with vendors and partners, and as part of that agreement the supplier agrees to respect the security of your information and to treat it in accordance with the law.
The information you provide us becomes part of JGI’s supporter database, which is occasionally made available to reputable advocacy and nonprofit organizations and commercial companies. We may sell or rent your name and address to other organizations. You have the option to request that your information be withheld from any such transmission of information. Whether or not you decide to limit the usage of your information for these purposes, such a decision will not impact your interactions with us.
JGI complies with legal processes, meaning we will disclose your personal information if needed to abide by applicable laws, to respect government authorities, including outside of your country of residence, to protect our operations and privacy. Additionally, if we are required by law to combine other information with personal information, we will do so.
How Long We Keep Your Information
We only keep your information on file for as long as is necessary to satisfy any reporting, accounting, or legal requirements. If you request to unsubscribe from any communication from JGI, such as email marketing materials, we will keep a record of any appropriate contact information to enable us to comply with your request to prevent any future communication from us.
How You Can Unsubscribe and Limit the Collection of Your Information
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from us or would like to update or change your personal information or preferences, please follow the instructions below. However, we may send you service-related announcements, announcements about changes in policies, and transactional emails such as confirmations and receipts, from time to time through the general operation of the Site or by email. If you do not want to receive any marketing emails from us in the future, click the “unsubscribe” reference in any email we send you.
If you wish to review the contact information we have on file for you, correct your contact information, provide a change of address, or if you have any questions, comments or suggestions about the Site, our Services, or JGI, please contact us by email at community@janegoodall.org
If you correspond with us through the Site or via email, the information collected may include the content of, and metadata regarding, any correspondence you may have with us. We may share your messages with those within our organization who are most capable of addressing the issues contained in your message.
To prevent or limit the collection of your information:
Do not provide your information when prompted by the Sites.
Set your web browser to inform you of when cookies are being set before a cookie is stored, refuse any request to set cookies and do not accept cookies from JGI. Erase all JGI cookies from your hard drive.
Please note, however, that if you choose to reject or erase cookies, your ability to navigate the Sites may be limited. Further, in the event you choose not to share information, JGI will be unable to respond to your request for information, enter you in any sweepstakes or contests, or facilitate advocacy actions.
Linked Websites
For your convenience, hyperlinks may be posted on the Site that links to other websites (the “Linked Sites”).  Some Linked Sites are not under our control, such as facebook.com. We are not responsible for, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to, the privacy practices of any Linked Sites or of any companies that we do not own or control. Linked Sites may collect information in addition to that which we collect on the Site. We do not endorse any of these Linked Sites, the services or products described or offered on such Linked Sites, or any of the content contained on the Linked Sites. We encourage you to seek out and read the privacy policy of each Site that you visit to understand how the information that is collected about you is used and protected.
Social Media Platforms and Sites
Any information, communications, or material of any type or nature that you submit to any of our pages contained on a social media platform or website by email, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading, or otherwise (collectively, a “Submission”) is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of a social media platform and we are therefore not responsible for any Submissions contained on a social media platform or website. By visiting any of our pages that are contained on any social media platform or website, you are representing and warranting to us that you have reviewed the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of such website or social media platform and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein.
Sweepstakes, Promotions, Contests & Surveys
You may wish to participate in online polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other promotions (“Optional Activities”) that we may offer through the Site. Participation in these Optional Activities is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to disclose the information required to participate. Information requested may include personal contact information such as your name, address, date of birth, phone number, mobile phone number, email address, username, and/or similar information. We use the information you provide to administer the Optional Activities, contact you or the people you select about the Optional Activities and we may share this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interactions with Children
Portions of the Sites may contain content directed at children. Children should make sure their parents, or the adults who are caring for them, know they are using the Sites. None of the Sites covered by this policy knowingly collect personally identifying information from children under age 13. If we discover that a person under the age of 13 has provided us with any personally identifying information without parental consent, we will delete that information from our systems. We are unable to reply to information requests from children under the age of 13 if so identified. A parent or guardian must initiate any requests for information from children under the age of 13 on their behalf. If you believe we have collected information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent, please contact us.
California Privacy Rights
Under California law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of personally identifiable information, such as name, email, and mailing address, and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the name and address of all such third parties.  To request the above information, please email us at community@janegoodall.org with a reference to California Disclosure Information.
Questions? California and Deleware “Do Not Track Disclosures”
California and Delaware law requires JGI to indicate whether it honors “Do Not Track” settings in your browser concerning targeted advertising. “Do Not Track” is a standard that is currently under development. As it is not yet finalized, JGI adheres to the standards set out in this Privacy Policy and does not monitor or follow any Do Not Track browser requests.
Visiting the Site from Outside the United States
If you are visiting the Site, or any part thereof, from outside of the United States of America, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located and our central database is operated. By using any portion of the Site, you understand and consent to the transfer of your information to our facilities in the United States and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
Cross-Border Transfer
The Sites are controlled and operated by JGI from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and, by using the Sites, you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country.
We are part of a global network, and there are instances in which we may share your data within our Network. We may need to transfer your personal data to suppliers based in the US or other countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) to allow them to perform services on our behalf (such as when you sign up for a petition to help safeguard the natural environment). In doing so, your data may be stored or otherwise processed outside of the EEA. Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure the utmost protection is afforded to it.
Your Rights
Under data protection laws you have various rights over your personal data. You have the right to 1) Request access to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you; 2) You can request we correct any personal data we hold about you; 3) You have the right to request we erase your personal data. However, please note there may be circumstances we are legally required or entitled to retain it; 4) You may request to object to us processing your data under the legitimate interest condition. However, in some cases we may demonstrate we have a compelling legitimate ground to process your information.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at community@janegoodall.org. We will need to keep a copy of your name, postcode and email address in order to identify you within our databases and ensure we do not contact you in the ways that you have specified.
Questions?
We welcome your comments and questions on this policy. We are dedicated to protecting your information and will make every reasonable effort to keep that information secure.
If you have any questions, please email us at community@janegoodall.org or call (800) 592-5263 between Monday and Friday from 9 a.m. – 5 p.m.
You can help us maintain the accuracy of your information by keeping your information up to date. To update your records with us, email us at community@janegoodall.org or write us at:
the Jane Goodall Institute
1595 Spring Hill Rd
Suite 550
Vienna, VA 22182
USA