http://www.lhasalimited.org/news/takeda-joins-lhasas-effiris-consortium-powering-model-development-through-privacy-preserving-data-transfer/7914
shared knowledge shared progress
ABOUT US    |
CONTACT US    |
CAREERS    |
Login
Search this site
Home
Products
Derek Nexus
ICH M7 Assessment using Derek Nexus
Skin Sensitisation Assessment Using Derek Nexus
Derek Knowledge Editor and Web Services
Derek Features and Benefits
Member Only ContentEffiris
Effiris Features and Benefits
Member Only ContentKaptis
Kaptis Features and BenefitsLhasa Carcinogenicity Database
Carcinogenicity Database FAQsMeteor Nexus
Meteor Reasoning Methodologies
Meteor Features and Benefits
Member Only ContentMirabilis
Mirabilis Features and Benefits
Member Only ContentSarah Nexus
Sarah Nexus Model Building
Sarah Nexus Features and Benefits
Member Only ContentSetaria
Setaria Features and Benefits
Member Only ContentVitic
Vitic Features and Benefits
Member Only ContentZeneth
Zeneth Features and Benefits
Member Only ContentNexus
Member Only ContentThe Lhasa Cloud
ICH M7
ICH M7 Expert Review
FAQsRDC 53
Skin Sensitisation
Training & Technical SupportLibrary
Publishing about Lhasa?Membership
Benefits of Membership
Lhasa SymposiaBecome a member
Current membersInitiatives
AI/PDE
Aromatic Amines
Elemental Impurities
ICH Q3D Risk Assessments - Elemental Impurities
Elemental Impurities FAQseTRANSAFE
EU-ToxRisk
Excipients
FDA RCA
Intermediates
Nitrites in ExcipientsNews
Blog
Events
Members
Home >
News >
Takeda Joins Lhasa’s Effiris Consortium – Powering Model Development Through Privacy-Preserving Data Transfer
Takeda Joins Lhasa’s Effiris Consortium – Powering Model Development Through Privacy-Preserving Data TransferDate: 08 September 2020Time: 11:00
Effiris delivers state-of-the-art secondary pharmacology models, where each model has had the opportunity to learn from the private data of all pharmaceutical collaborators. Lhasa Limited are today pleased to announce that Takeda have joined Lhasa’s Effiris consortium of pharmaceutical partners, including GSK and UCB.
The Effiris consortium members work closely with Lhasa to collectively guide and inform the initiative’s direction, ensuring that Effiris development remains tightly focussed around accelerating their drug discovery and development pipelines. This pre-competitive forum also facilitates cross-organisation discussion between like-minded collaborators.
Takeda have been members of Lhasa since 2007, sponsoring Lhasa’s Derek Nexus and Mirabilis initiatives alongside Effiris.
Lhasa are excited to continue to work with the Effiris consortium through the initiative’s second year and beyond, by delivering a growing suite of secondary pharmacology models. Each target model is innovatively trained on the private data of all consortium partners, without any data ever leaving the respective firewalls of the pharmaceutical partners involved.
Lhasa CEO, Chris Barber said “Our members are becoming increasingly dependent upon accurate in silico models in order to make confident decisions faster and more cheaply. For many years, companies have trusted Lhasa with their proprietary data, allowing our scientists to develop models informed by a combined dataset much greater than any held by a single organisation. Effiris is our next step in that journey - combining advanced machine learning techniques with automated learning from proprietary data without exposing any confidential information, allowing us to learn more efficiently from ever-larger volumes of data. We are excited to welcome Takeda into the consortium. This will further improve the accuracy and the chemical space of our models which in turn will help our members better triage and prioritise compounds to synthesize, develop more efficient testing strategies and reduce the risk of downstream failure.”
Lhasa’s Effiris consortium has expanded quickly since the initiation of the Effiris project in 2019 and remains open to new members. Find out more about Effiris on our website or watch a recording of our recent webinar - ‘Building Secondary Pharmacology Models: A Novel Approach to Proprietary Data Transfer’. Alternatively you can get in touch to discuss Effiris further.
Summary: Effiris delivers state-of-the-art secondary pharmacology models, where each model has had the opportunity to learn from the private data of all pharmaceutical collaborators. Lhasa Limited are today pleased to announce that Takeda have joined Lhasa’s Effiris consortium of pharmaceutical partners, including GSK and UCB.Categories: Collaborative ProjectsEffiris
DerekNexus
MeteorNexus
Mirabilis
SarahNexus
Setaria
Vitic
Zeneth
Text only
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility
Governing Documents
Sitemap
Contact Us
Sitemap
About us
Charitable Statement
The Board and SAB
Careers
Membership
Benefits
Become a Member
Current Members
Products
The Library
Initiatives
News
Events
Lhasa Symposia
© 2020 Lhasa Limited | Registered office: Granary Wharf House, 2 Canal Wharf, Leeds, LS11 5PS, UK Tel: +44 (0)113 394 6020
VAT number 396 8737 77 | Lhasa Limited is registered as a charity (290866)| Company Registration Number 01765239 (England and Wales).
Thanks to QuestionPro's generosity, we now have survey software that powers our data intelligence.