http://www.cryobank.com/privacy-policy/
Home /
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOU
At California Cryobank, your privacy is our top concern. Please contact us any time with questions or comments about our privacy practices here or by mail at the address listed in the "What if I have questions about my Personal data or your privacy practices?" section.
We have created this privacy policy to:
Explain how California Cryobank collects, uses, and discloses Information about you;
Help you understand your choices and options for accessing, updating, or removing Personal data (also, "Personal Information", "Data" or "Information").
If you choose to provide Personal Information to us, you explicitly agree to our collection and use of such Information, as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not access or use our Services or interact with any other aspect of our business.
Except as otherwise noted, California Cryobank is a data controller (as that term is defined under the EU General Data Protection Regulation), which means that we decide how and why the Information you provide to us is collected, processed, and stored.
WHO IS COVERED BY THIS POLICY
The terms "California Cryobank", "CCB", "our", "we" , “CCLS” or "us" refer to California Cryobank Life Sciences,  California Cryobank, LLC, California Cryobank Stem Cell Services, and CCB DEB, LLC, as well as any officer, affiliate, director, employee, agent, or contractor of California Cryobank. The terms "you", "user", "client", "customer", "data subject" and "your" mean any person using our products or Services, or otherwise interacting with us (for example, using our website or phone calls with customer service representatives), unless a different privacy policy is displayed. This policy applies to both you and California Cryobank.
WHERE THIS POLICY APPLIES
We offer a range of websites and services, including those related to, but not limited to, providing donor semen, donor eggs, stem cell storage and processing, cryogenic preservation, and biostorage.
We refer to all these services collectively, together with any other California Cryobank products, websites, and apps, as "Services" in this policy.
This Privacy Policy must be read along with our website user agreement and other agreements or contracts that are relevant to the Services, including, but not limited to, the Purchase and Storage Agreement and the Donor Consent Agreement (such agreements will be considered a "Service Agreement"). If the terms of use (also known as the "website user agreement") conflict with the terms of this Privacy Policy, the terms of this Privacy Policy shall control. If this Privacy Policy conflicts with the terms of a Service Agreement, the terms of the Service Agreement shall control.
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY
California Cryobank does not knowingly collect data from children under 13, and in the EEA under 16. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personal information without their consent, that parent or guardian should contact us. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our files.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We have provided the links below to help users understand how we collect and use their information. The Information (or "Data") that we gather can generally be categorized as either anonymous or personally identifiable.
How do we use anonymous, non-identifying Information?
How do we use your Personal Information?
How do we track and collect your Data?
How do you opt out of emails and other marketing communications?
How do you access, correct, modify, port, or remove your Personal Information?
How do you close your account and what Information is retained?
How do we secure your Personal Information?
Notice to California Residents
General data protection regulation (GDPR) recourse for EU individuals
What else should you know about your online privacy?
What if I have questions about my personal data or your privacy practices?
What happens if this privacy policy is changed?
1. HOW DO WE USE ANONYMOUS, NON-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION?
Anonymous (also referred to as "aggregate") data does not contain personally identifying Information. This Information may be used to measure or identify certain behavior patterns on our websites, such as the number of visits to a web page, most popular devices or operating systems, country of origin, average time spent on the website, viewed web pages, and more.
If we do combine Anonymous Information with Personal Information, the combined Information will be treated as Personal Information, as long as it remains combined.
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We collect and use your Personal Information for business uses. Personal Information includes any personally identifiable Information like your IP address or purchase history, which we may collect automatically through Technologies, or Information that you provide us, such as your name, address, email address, phone numbers, payment information, photographs, Social Security number, or any combination of Information that could reasonably be used to identify you. Please note that if you contact California Cryobank for any reason, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
A. General ways in which we use your information may include, but are not limited to:
Using your Information to respond to requests;
Using your Information for internal purposes, such as auditing, data analysis, and research, to improve California Cryobank's products, Services, and customer communications;
Contacting you with promotional or informational emails that might be of interest if you opt in to receive them. You have the right to opt out of these emails by selecting the "unsubscribe from all future emails" link in the marketing emails we send you;
Contacting you or providing you with general health Information (like Information on certain health conditions) as well as Information about our products and Services;
Asking you for personal information when you answer a survey or quiz, or enter a sweepstakes, contest or promotion sponsored by California Cryobank on our websites or through social media channels, including Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, etc.;
Using our best judgment, we may disclose to your spouse, family member, or any other person you identify, information related to your services received from us. If you do not want these disclosures made, it is your responsibility to notify us;
When you report a problem with one of our sites or Services.
B. General ways in which we share your information may include, but are not limited to:
Sharing your Personal Information with agents, contractors, or partners of California Cryobank, in connection with services that these individuals provide to us, in order to improve our products and services and develop new ones. Please note that:
These agents, contractors, or partners are restricted from using your Personal Information in any way other than to provide Services for California Cryobank, or Services for the collaboration in which they and California Cryobank are engaged;
We will provide an individual the choice to opt-out or opt-in before we share your data with third parties other than those specified in our privacy policy, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. An individual who seeks to opt out of these transfers should submit a written request to the privacy contact listed in the "What if I have questions about my Personal data or your privacy practices?” section below.
Disclosing Personal Information to respond to legal requirements, to enforce our policies or federal regulations, or to protect anyone's rights, property or safety.
We may disclose Personal Information to other business entities, should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity. Should such a transaction occur, we will require that the new entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Information;
We may disclose to the FDA health information relative to adverse events with respect to product and product defects or post marketing surveillance information to enable product recalls, repairs or replacement;
As required by law, your health information may be used or disclosed for public health activities such as assisting public health authorities or other legal authorities to prevent or control disease, injury, disability or for other health oversight activities.
C. Here are some, but not all of, the common ways in which we may collect, use, and/or share Information for each Service:
Donor Sperm & Biostorage
Registration & Account Login
In order to use our Services, we require certain Personal Information. When you register, you will no longer be anonymous; you will be considered a client. You may also be asked to set a security question or use a password to access your account online. You will also be required to provide security answers for authentication purposes when you log into your account. Our registration forms will specify the Information that you must provide, which may include, for example, your legal name, email address, and date of birth. You may edit this Information at any time in your online account or call us to have it updated. We collect this Information in order to provide you with our Services. Once you register, you are no longer anonymous to California Cryobank.
Billing & Credit Card Information
If you decide to participate in any of our Services, you may be required to provide billing Information (such as credit card or debit card Information). Please note that CCB does not directly collect or store your financial Information – instead we use a reputable third-party company (the "Payment Processing Company") to collect and process your payment Information.
Orders
When you place an order for any of our businesses, we send you an invoice and/or email confirmation so that you may reference or print any orders you have placed. This may require us to collect Information, including name, email, contract or customer number, or shipping address. This invoice may also be stored in your order history (where applicable). We may also reference these orders at any time in order to help you resolve account issues.
Account Information
In addition to the Personal Information collected at registration, you have the option to provide us with other Information that will be required if you choose to proceed with a purchase. For example, we would require your address if you wish to place an order to store or ship donor sperm or donor eggs.
Storage Renewal
For some of our businesses, we provide users the option to renew their storage accounts online. The Information we may need to collect in order to process your storage renewal includes your country, customer number, storage contract number, legal name, billing Information, and contact Information.
Pregnancy, Birth, or Loss Reports
When you submit a pregnancy report (also called an "outcome of insemination report"), you will be asked to provide certain Personal Information, including your name and email address, along with health Information relating to your insemination procedure. We collect this Information to help us track donor pregnancies and to provide customers with medical updates on donors or donor offspring. We may also share this information with our stem cell services division.
Bulletin Boards
Our bulletin boards are hosted on third-party software called "Vanilla Forums." At the user’s request, Vanilla Forums uses the email and password with which they registered on Cryobank.com to log them into the bulletin boards.
A Screen Name is created by a user. It is the user’s responsibility to use a unique screen name that doesn’t reveal personally identifiable information. Users may edit their screen name at any time.
An IP Address is collected by Vanilla Forums to identify users that may abuse the forum by using spam. Admins may block an IP address to prevent a user from spamming the forum.
Please note that any Information you post on our bulletin boards becomes public immediately and any Information (including, but not limited to, Personal Information) you disclose becomes publicly available. You should, therefore, use discretion in what you submit to these forums. Please click here for terms of use specific to our bulletin boards.
Sibling Registry
Customers with reported pregnancies or births have the option of signing up for our Sibling Registry. California Cryobank uses Information submitted to confirm data subject status (for individuals who placed orders directly with us) and shipment of vials. If inseminations are done at a physician’s office, we cannot confirm the actual use of the specimen and/or resulting pregnancy. Individuals also may have opted to place orders through their physician. These individuals do not have their own CCB account number. In this case, we are only able to verify the physician’s account number and the approximate date of vial purchase.
Success Stories & Featured Photos
Some users may choose to submit a photo of their family or their child and a testimonial for use on any of our websites or in any of our promotional materials. You agree that you will not search for or seek out clients featured on our website, nor use their likenesses for any purpose. This includes sharing images in Facebook pages or groups (or other digital or social media channels), via email, forums, or other channels. Users may contact us any time to have their photo or story removed from our website.
Website User Testing
In order to improve new features and Services, we sometimes engage in website user testing. We will collect user names and email addresses, as well as device types, to set up user testing sessions. After user testing is complete, we may ask for a user’s address to ship items like gift cards. Once user testing is complete, we store a recorded voice or video recording of the user testing session. Users may contact us any time to have these recordings deleted or removed from our servers.
Donor Egg
Personal Information & Health Records
The personal information and medical information, collectively "Health Information", that may be provided to us by your fertility practice is private and confidential. While we are not a healthcare entity, we are required by law to maintain the privacy of consumers’ Health Information.
You have the right to request a restriction on certain uses and disclosures of your information as provided by applicable law, inspect and copy the information we received from your healthcare provider as provided for by applicable law, request an electronic copy of your electronic file with us, request to amend the information we have on file with you as provided by applicable law, obtain an accounting of disclosures of the information we received as provided by applicable law, notify us if we may NOT disclose information to a spouse, family member or other person you have authorized, request communications of the information we have received by alternative means, revoke your authorization to use or disclose the information we have on file except to the extent that action has already been taken, or transmit copies of your information to third parties when requested by you, in writing.
We may disclose information on the phone voice mail that you have provided us. We attempt to leave the minimal information necessary unless you have authorized the security of your voice mail. After coordinating with your fertility practice, we may also send you information to the address provided in case we need to notify you of an adverse outcome from either the donor or offspring of the donor in the future.
Assured Refund Plan
Your fertility practice may share your health information in the attempt to authorize you to participate in the Assured Refund Plan. While we request a standard template amount of information, it is sometimes necessary for us to request operative reports, among other items to confirm a decision to participate in the financial plan. We will ensure the security of this information in good faith.
Registration & Login
In order to use our Services, we require certain Personal Information. When you register, you will no longer be anonymous; you will be considered a client. You may also be asked to set a security question or use a password to access your account online. You may also be required to provide security answers for authentication purposes when you log into your account. Our registration forms will specify the Information that you must provide, which may include, for example, your legal name, email address, and date of birth. You must call us to have this information updated. We collect this Information in order to provide you with our Services.
Enrollment
If you choose to enroll, we may ask for certain Personal Information, including, but not limited to, your name, mailing or shipping address, fertility practice, physician name, nurse coordinator, e-mail address, date of birth, and phone numbers. Once you enroll, you are no longer anonymous to us and are considered a client.
Matches
When we process any transactions applicable to your match, we will send you an invoice and/or email confirmation so that you may reference or print your transaction information. This may require us to collect Information, including legal name, email, contract or customer number, mailing address, or physician shipping address. We may also reference this information at any time in order to help you resolve account issues.
Care & Outcome Information
Members of the staff or members of the quality improvement team may also use information in your health record to assess the care and outcomes in your case and others like it. This information will then be used in an effort to continually improve the quality and effectiveness of the services we provide.
Quality Control & Regulatory Reporting Requirements
We may disclose your information in a de-identified way for quality control and regulatory reporting requirements. For example, among other items, the embryological development of embryos, uterine lining, and pregnancy outcome are captured which allows us to identify quality trends. We may also share your name with the donor’s retrieval clinic for their tracking of tissue and for purposes of ensuring the appropriate tissue is shipped.
Research
We may disclose information to researchers after we have reviewed the research proposal and established protocols to ensure the privacy of your information.
Potential Sperm Donors & Egg Donors
Donor Information Application & Donor Portal
If you intend to become a donor, including online or over the phone, you will be asked to provide certain health-related, social, and family-specific information prior to and throughout the donor qualification process. This may include, but is not limited to, your medical history, including pre-existing conditions, social information, and other health-related Information.
This information may be collected over the phone, via email, and/or the donor application and the donor portal. We will use the provided health Information for the purposes of providing our Services and communicating important, non-identifying updates to clients. In addition, you will be asked to create a donor profile, which will include, but is not limited to, photographs of yourself, religious and educational background, ancestry, and your interests and hobbies.
In the event that we have access to HIV-related information, genetic information, mental health records and other specially protected health information, it should be noted that this health information may be subject to certain special confidentiality protections under applicable State and Federal law. Any disclosures of these types of records will be subject to these special protections.
Any identifying information collected is strictly confidential and is never released without your written consent. For more information regarding confidentiality of our donors, please refer to our sperm donor confidentiality or egg donor confidentiality
policies.
Stem Cell
Information Requests
When you request Information from us, we may ask for your name, email address, due date and other Information that will help us assist you. Some Information is required while other Information may be optional. We will use this information to email you or snail mail you the requested information.
Enrollment
If you choose to enroll, we may ask for certain Personal Information, including, but not limited to, your name, mailing address, e-mail address, credit card number, phone number and government-issued identification number, as well as certain health-related Information. This may include the expected due date, your health care plan, delivery hospital and doctor, midwife, or other medical professional. Once you enroll, you are no longer anonymous to us and are considered a client.
Friend & Family Referrals.
When you refer a friend or family member, we may collect the Information you provide about that person, such as name, mailing address, email address and phone number. We may use that Information to reach out to and communicate with the person you referred. It is their responsibility to provide the correct Information to us. We will then use that information to communicate with them.
Gift Registry
If you sign up for our gift registry, we may use and/or display your full name, state and expected due date to personalize your information on our gift registry site and/or in an email that we may send on your behalf, announcing your CBR gift registry.
Alerts
If you sign up to receive alerts to track your newborn stem cell collection kit, we will use the email address and/or mobile cell phone number you provide when signing up to track your kit for the sole purpose of providing you with tracking information about your collection kit.
Billing & Credit Card Information
If you decide to participate in any of our Services, you may be required to provide billing Information (such as credit card or debit card Information). Please note that we use a reputable third-party company (the "Payment Processing Company") to collect and process your payment Information.
Storage Renewal
We provide users the option to renew their stem cell storage accounts, online or over the phone. The Information we need to collect in order to process your stem cell storage renewal include, but may not be limited to, your country, customer number, storage contract number, legal name, billing Information, and contact Information.
Surveys
If you take one of our surveys and indicate that you want to receive more information about a product or Service, your first name, last name, and email address will be used to email you the requested information.
Sweepstakes
If you enter into a sweepstake, contest or similar promotion, we may use the information you provide to administer that program and as otherwise set forth in the sweepstake/contest rules.
3. HOW DO WE TRACK AND COLLECT YOUR DATA?
In order to improve our Services and website experiences for users, we track and collect Information about consumers’ behavior and use of our websites across all of our systems using various technologies ("Technologies"), including, but not limited to, cookies, tags, and other online tracking technologies, marketing automation tools, retargeting and remarketing tools, A/B testing tools, third-party ad networks, and more.
We may use these types of Technologies to help us do various things, like analyzing which parts of the site are most popular to visitors, measuring the effectiveness of online advertisements, identifying lifestyle interests and demographic information, gaining customer insights, etc.
Consumer information remains anonymous and is considered aggregate information until it is shared it with us voluntarily, for example, by registering for an account, completing a lead magnet, filling out a contact form, enrolling in a storage program, signing up to receive emails, purchase donor information or vials, etc.
Cookies
Cookies are files that web servers place on an Internet user’s computer that are designed to store basic Information (such as visitor preferences).
Cookie technology remains a fundamentally important part of how we customize users’ online experiences.
Cookies allow us to collect and store basic Information about people’s visits to our website, so that we can help improve consumers’ online experiences.
You do not have to use cookies, but if you choose not to accept cookies, you may be unable to use all functionality related to our Services. Our site does not change its behavior when receiving the "Do Not Track" signals from browser software.
Users are welcome to opt out of future Data collection and use tied to website analytics by clearing their browser’s cookies for the domain or URL that uses California Cryobank’s Services, or by blocking the use of cookies when they visit such domains or URLs. You may also be given the option to accept or decline the use of cookies on the website.
Tags
Tags are tiny snippets of third-party code that are inserted into our website and which may be used by various Technologies to track the online movements of our web users.
Clear GIFS
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages.
Third-Party Ad Networks
We partner with third-party ad networks to manage our advertising on other sites and gain audience insights. These third-party ad networks may include Google and various others. We utilize Google Analytics features based on Display Advertising (which may include but are not limited to: Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting and DoubleClick Platform integrations).
As part of their services, they may use cookies and clear gifs. These Display features enable Google Analytics to collect data about site traffic via Google advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers, in addition to data collected through standard Google Analytics implementation.
We and our third-party ad server will collect and use your IP address and certain aggregate Information about you, such as your browser type, the server your computer is logged onto, the area code and zip code associated with your server and whether or not you responded to a particular advertisement.
Using Google's Ads Settings, you can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads.
Additionally, the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), and EDAA provide opt-out tools so that consumers can choose not to receive targeted advertising from any NAI or DAA affiliates:
NAI opt-out page
DAA’s opt out page
EDAA opt out page (for visitors from European Union)
Please note that using any or all of these tools will not necessarily turn off all internet advertising, but they may help reduce advertising targeted at you based on your web browsing activity. Please be sure to do your research and review their policies before using these sites. You agree that you are solely responsible for your use of these sites and any Information you share with them, and that we are exempt from any responsibility with regards to your use of the site. We have no affiliation with these organizations, nor can we vouch for their accuracy or efficacy. We are simply letting you know these tools exist, so you can decide whether or not to use them.
4. HOW DO YOU OPT OUT OF EMAILS & OTHER MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS?
We may occasionally send you email or direct mail about products and Services that we feel may be of interest to you, or that you have requested. We offer recipients the opportunity to opt in to and opt out of future marketing communications via our marketing emails or via direct requests.
Please note that we may not allow an opt-out option for non-marketing Service emails (for example, emails concerning your order information, privacy policy updates, contract updates, medical updates, vial availability notification, etc.). We will not share your Personal Information with a third party for the purpose of solicitation without your prior consent.
5. HOW DO YOU ACCESS, CORRECT, MODIFY, PORT, OR REMOVE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
California Cryobank acknowledges that data subjects have the right to request access, correction, modification, portability, and removal of their personal Data. Clients may be able to update or edit most of their Personal Information online. To remove, update, or correct Personal Information that is not editable or accessible online, data subjects must call Client Services. Changes will be made as permitted by applicable law in section #6.
If records or Personal data are requested, we are happy to provide that Information. Please contact us at privacy (at) cryobank.com and allow for up to 30 days to fulfill your request.
For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests.
6. HOW DO YOU CLOSE YOUR ACCOUNT AND WHAT INFORMATION IS RETAINED?
We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes and as permitted by applicable law.
You may request account closure at any time – please email us at privacy (at) cryobank.com. Please allow for up to 30 days to fulfill your request.
In practice, we can close your account and remove your information, unless:
We must keep it to comply with applicable law;
We must keep it as evidence of our compliance with applicable law;
There is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; or
For the purposes of public interest as it affects other persons, such as other clients or donor offspring. This Information may include, but is not limited to, reported pregnancies for sperm or egg donors, or a donor’s medical or genetic history.
7. HOW DO WE SECURE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
California Cryobank takes precautions, including, but not limited to, technical, organizational, and physical security measures to safeguard your Personal Information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
California Cryobank uses a variety of means to protect website users’ Personal Information, including any Information we receive from your healthcare provider. However, no server is 100% secure, and you should take this into account when submitting Personal Information about yourself on any website, including this one. We may suspend your use of all or part of the Services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. In the event of a data breach, we will notify you without undue delay.
Please keep in mind that your password is the key to your online account. Use unique numbers, letters, and special characters, and do not disclose your password to anyone. If you do share your password, remember that you are responsible for all actions taken using your account, and we will treat that person as "you." If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your Personal Information or your account and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately notify us and change your password.
8. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Sale of Personal Information
We do not “sell” your personal information as we understand that term to be defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act and its implementing regulations. We have not sold your information in the past 12-months.
Non-Discrimination Rights
California residents have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising their rights as described in this section. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your CCPA rights.
Your Rights With Regard to Your Personal Information
In addition to the rights described in this privacy policy, subject to certain restrictions, California residents have the right to request that we disclose the personal information we collect about them and to delete any personal information that we collected from or maintain about them. Additionally, they have the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information.
As a California resident, you also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise your rights and our process for handling those requests.
Right to request access to your personal information
California residents may request that we disclose the categories of personal information we collect, use, or sell about you, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information, and the third parties with whom the business shares personal information. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you. However, we may withhold some information where the risk to you, our customers, our donors, donor offspring, or our business is too great to disclose the information.
Right to request that we delete your personal information
You may request that we delete any personal information we have collected from or about you. However, we may retain personal information as authorized under applicable law. For example, we may retain personal information if it is required to provide our services, protect our business and systems from fraudulent activity, or to debug and identify errors that impair existing functionality.
We may retain personal information as necessary for us, or others, to exercise other rights, including but not limited to: free speech, scientific research, for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, to comply with law enforcement requests, or to comply with legal obligations.
Since certain information is vital to order placement, the deletion of that information may prevent us from being able to provide you with some or all services.
How to request access to and deletion of your personal information
Submit a request to access or delete your information to our Privacy Officer at privacy@cryobank.com. Please allow for up to 45 days to fulfill your request.
For your security and that of the rest of our users, we may ask you to verify your identity when you request to exercise your California privacy rights.
Categories of Information We Collect & Sources From Which Information is Collected
Category
Examples
Sources
Collected
A. Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Web application, phone, email, fax
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics, address,
telephone number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number,
education, employment, employment history, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical
information, or health insurance information. Some personal information
included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Web application, phone, email, fax
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship,
religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability,
sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions),
sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Web application, phone, email
YES
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained,
or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Web application, phone
YES
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints,
and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
Phone, in person
YES (CCLS sperm and egg donors)
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Web application, Technology (as defined in section 3 of this Privacy Policy)
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
Sources
NO
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Web application, in person, email
YES (CCLS sperm and egg donors)
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Web application, in person, email
YES (Full and part-time CCLS Employees)
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting
on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
No
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences,
characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Web application, in person
YES (CCLS sperm and egg donors)
Please refer to section 2, item B of this Privacy Policy for the categories of third parties with whom we may share Personal Information.
Other states (Nevada, for example) have similar consumer protection statutes with which we comply. We will protect the data of residents of those states in a manner that is consistent with the relevant statute and substantially similar to the way in which we comply with the CCPA. Residents of those states may also contact us at privacy (a) cryobank.com.
9. GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR) RECOURSE FOR EU INDIVIDUALS
EU individuals with privacy complaints pursuant to GDPR have the right to lodge a privacy complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority.
Please go to http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/dataprotection-authorities/index_en.htm for more information on how to locate your DPA and file a complaint.
10. WHAT ELSE SHOULD YOU KNOW ABOUT YOUR ONLINE PRIVACY?
Third-Party Links
Our Websites, Privacy Policy, and/or Website User Agreements may contain links to websites that are not operated by California Cryobank LLC. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites nor for any adverse consequences that may result from your interaction with such third-party websites. Just because we link to, receive data from, or partner with a particular site or app does not mean that we endorse it or its privacy practices. These other websites and apps have their own terms of use and privacy policies; we encourage you to read those terms and policies when you visit those websites and use those apps.
11. WHAT IF I HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT MY PERSONAL DATA OR YOUR PRIVACY PRACTICES?
If you have any questions regarding your Personal data or our privacy practices, please contact California Cryobank online or via snail mail at:
California Cryobank
Attention Legal/Privacy Officer
11915 La Grange Avenue
Los Angeles, CA 90025
United States
12. WHAT HAPPENS IF THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS CHANGED?
We reserve the right to change all or part of this Privacy Policy at any time, including, but not limited to, content and design updates, without notifying you. If we propose to use your Personal Information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, you will have a choice as to whether we may use your Personal Information in this different manner. If you have an online account, you will be notified of the modification so that you can confirm your acceptance of the modification. If you do not have an online account, your continued use of the site will indicate acceptance of the changes.
Effective date: April 2, 2020.
Your Cart
{{vialItem.TypeDescription}} Remove
{{vialItem.availabilityCopy}} {{vialItem.phone}}
Price:
${{vialItem.Price}}
Qty:
Subtotal:
${{(vialItem.Quantity * vialItem.Price)}}
Total ({{cartCont.totalVials}} Vials)
${{cartCont.totalValue}}
Add {{ (cartCont.familyTodayMinVials - cartCont.totalVials) }} vial(s) to qualify for free storage!
Get More Info
You qualify for FREE storage!
Low vial alert: Final inventory for this donor
{{cartCont.message}}
Vials aren't guaranteed until you complete checkout.
How many vials do I need?
Why should I think about storing vials?
Secure Checkout
Your Cart Is Empty
Important: Vials sell out quickly. Availability is not guaranteed until checkout is completed.
Need Help?
Browse our Most Recent Donors
Try our Purchasing Faqs
HOW MANY VIALS DO I NEED?
National averages range from 3-4 insemination cycles per successful pregnancy.
We recommend purchasing at least 5 vials per child to guarantee your donor remains available until reaching your personal family goals.
Additionally, you get 1 Year FREE storage if you purchase 4 or more vials ($475 value).
WHY SHOULD I THINK ABOUT STORING VIALS?
Our donors sell out and retire quickly! We have thousands of clients forced to choose between a new donor or not having a second child because they chose not to store vials for future use while they were available.
To help you plan for your future, we offer 3 Years FREE storage if you purchase 3 Years+ vials ($1,050 value) - as well as the ability to sell back any unused vials that have not left our control.
STILL HAVE QUESTIONS?
WE'RE JUST A PHONE CALL AWAY
Domestic: 866-927-9622
International: +1-310-443-5244
Monday - Friday
Mon-Fri:
6:00am - 6:00pm (PST)
Saturday:
Sat:
8:30am - 12:30pm (PST)
REGISTER FOR A FREE ACCOUNT
Have an Account? Log In
Have an Account? Log In
Gain Free Access to:
Download Donor Profiles and Medical Histories
Read Donor Essays and Staff Impressions
Save Favorite Donors
Customize and Save Donor Searches
Post Messages on Bulletin Boards
Cancel
Register
LOG IN
Don't Have An Account? Register
Welcome Back! Please log in below using your email address and password.
show
Forgot Password?
Log in
;