http://www.star-oddi.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Star-Oddi Service Status
In light of the Covid-19 outbreak
Orders & Deliveries
Sales & Tech Support
Email & Phone
External Visits
For more information click here
Privacy Policy1. Information we collectWe may collect personally identifiable information about you, such as your full name, phone number and email address. Any information is stored in our CRM (customer relationship management) system, Zoho CRM, and/or the Mailchimp direct mail and newsletter platform. Their privacy policies can be found here and here. Your information is only available to Star-Oddi’s sales and marketing team and is never shared or sold to third parties.2. How we use your informationWe use the information we collect to manage our relationship with our customers. This includes keeping you informed of the applications of Star-Oddi's products, scientific research, product updates and responses to service cases, questions and concerns.3. How we share your informationStar-Oddi will not share your information with others. We may store your information in locations outside of the direct control of Star-Oddi, for example on servers or in CRM software. However, we make every effort at all times to keep your information secure.4. How we protect your informationProtecting your information is of utmost importance to us, but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Star-Oddi, or guarantee your information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our safeguards. No method of transmission over the internet or method or electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.5. For EU customersStar-Oddi complies with the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC framework as set forth by the European Union regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from EU member countries, EEA member countries and Switzerland. If you have any questions about how your information is stored or protected please contact us.This privacy policy may be updated without notice.