http://www.icnirp.org/en/privacy-policy.html
On this website we use technical cookies only and with the sole purpose of offering the best functionality. No third parties are given access to those. By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies. Find out more about our cookie poliy and privacy policy.>
ACCEPT
Key Visual
Thank you for visiting our website and for your interest in getting to know how the International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection (ICNIRP) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Data Controller
This privacy policy relates to information obtained by ICNIRP and for which ICNIRP is the Data Controller as per the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
ICNIRP e.V.Ingolstaedter Landstr. 185764 OberschleissheimGermany
Telefon: +49 (0) 89/ 31603 2156Fax: +49 (0) 89/ 31603 2155E-Mail: info@icnirp.org
ICNIRP Chair: Eric van Rongen
Collection, processing and use of personal data
The legal basis on collecting and processing of personal data is given in particular by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG). Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); (§4.1 GDPR). These include in particular, name, address, telephone number or email address. Furthermore, such information related to affiliation, membership, or for example visited websites can also fall under the term personal data. When we collect, process and use your data we apply the principles of scarcity and security. Your rights
In relation to your personal data you have the following rights:
Right to get information on which personal data is retained,
Right to have your data corrected or deleted,
Right to limit the processing of your data,
Right to oppose the processing of your data,
Rights of data subjects by ensuring 'data portability'.
You retain also the right to lodge any complaint with the data protection authority in regards to the processing of your data.
Revocation of consent and objection to the processing of your data
You may, at any time, retract consent given regarding the processing of your data. Data processing remains legally valid until the time of revocation.
The legal basis for practicing a specific data processing operation is described in this privacy statement. You can object the processing of your data when such data processing is based on weighing competing interests (§6.1f GDPR). This is the case when data processing is in particular not required to perform a contract with you. When exercising your right to object we ask that you indicate the reasons for your claim. If the objection is duly documented, the case will be analyzed and either the data processing will be stopped or limited or data processing will be continued invoking compelling legitimate grounds.
We collect data when you contact us
When you choose to enter in contact with us (by email or through a relevant form on the website such as a public consultation form), the data submitted will be retained only as long as is necessary to answer the request and until the purpose for which it was given remains. The legal basis for this is provided in §6.1b) GDPR. When the purpose is fulfilled, the data hereby collected are deleted having regard to the statutory data retention requirements.
Use of the webshop
When you order a book or a service (workshop participation), you are asked to forward your personal data. Data, which are necessary to complete the specific transaction, are marked by a star. Other data (not marked) are optional. The data you provide us is used to carry out the order. In this context, as per §6.1 b) GDPR, we may exchange data relevant to the payment with banks or payment service companies. Those service providers can only access the personal information that is required to fulfil the relevant contract.
As provided by laws, in particular tax regulations, we are bound to store your address, payment and order data for 10 years.
To protect your personal data from undue access through a third party, and in particular your data related to financial transaction, our online forms are encrypted.
Transmission of data to third parties
We will transmit the data you have provided to us with your order or registration to third parties only when this is necessary to complete the contract (i.e. address data to perform the shipment will be transmitted to the logistic service partners (BfS, DHL, etc.) or to complete payment orders, as per §6.1 b) GDPR. We will not forward your personal data to third parties for marketing or advertising purposes.
Newsletter
By subscribing to our newsletter you can get information about us and our activities in due time. Upon registration you will be requested to provide a valid email address only via a double opt in functionality. After having entered your email address in the form and accepted the privacy policy, an automated email will be sent out to you asking you to confirm your registration by clicking on a specific link. Your acceptance is documented on our side, as we keep your email address, the confirmation email, the IP address from where the registration was performed and the date and time of registration and confirmation.
We use the email addressed provided at registration only to the purpose of sending you the newsletter. We will not forward your email address to third parties.
The legal basis for the processing of your email is your approval to the policy given at subscription as per §6.1a GDPR.
You can at any time request to be opted out from our list and unsubscribe from the newsletter or object the storage of your personal data. For this, either send us an email or use the unsubscribe link provided at the end of the newsletter subscription page. Data processing remains legally valid until the time of revocation.
Server-Log-Files
We want to bring to your attention that personal data we receive from you via the website are stored on the servers of our external Internet hosting providers. Additionally, our technical IT partner has access to this data. Protection of data is assured with our partners through controller-processor agreements.
At each visit on our website, certain information are transmitted automatically and stored in log files by our Internet provider. This information may include the files viewed on the Site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), referring/exit pages, date/time stamp, clickstream data browser type, operating system, and/or internet service provider (ISP). This data cannot be allocated to specific persons.
In addition to these, your IP address is also transmitted and stored at each visit. Your IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to the device you are using. This data is not directly allocated to specific persons.
The above-mentioned data is collected and processed only to allow us to offer you an optimum, efficient, stable and safe visit of our website. We use the personal data submitted to us in accordance with the applicable data protection legislation (GDPR §6.1f).
Use of Cookies
As a general use, our website uses cookies. Cookies are files saved by your browser and stored on your device (computer, smartphone, tablet, etc.) when browsing on the Internet and in particular on our site. A cookie is used to optimize the user experience, the efficiency and safety of our website. Through the use of cookies, it is possible for example to generate statistical data related to website visits which can be used to improve its content. Cookies do not transport virus and will not damage your device.
You can choose to decline acceptance of all cookies in your browser. Most web browsers allow you to get control over the type of cookies that are stored on your computer. For more information on declining cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutCookies.org. However, if you reject cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features and functionalities of our site.
You can delete cookies on your device or block all future cookies. For this you can configure your browser to deactivate the cookie functionality in general or preventing access to cookies generated by specific domains/sites. The help function in the menu list of most web browsers explains how to proceed:
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=de
Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/de-de/help/278835/how-to-delete-  cookie-files-in-internet-explorer
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/de/kb/cookies-erlauben-und-ablehnen
Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?viewlocale=de_DE&locale=de_DE
Safari auf IOS: https://support.apple.com/de-de/HT201265
Opera:  http://help.opera.com/opera/Windows/2393/de/controlPages.html#manageCookies
Google Web Fonts
We use Google Web Fonts on our website to preserve fonts over different systems. The necessary web fonts will be served by your browser from the Google server, to display the text and fonts homogeneously. Through this process, Google gets information about the visit of your device through its IP address. We use Google Web Fonts on technical grounds in view of offering you the best visibility of our content, in accordance with the applicable data protection legislation (GDPR §6.1f).
If your browser does not allow displaying Web Fonts, your browser will use a font set by default.
Further information related to Google Web Fonts are available here: https://fonts.google.com/ and in the Google Privacy Policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de
SSL encoding
To protect the security of your data during transmission, we use state-of-the-art encryption methods (e.g. SSL) via HTTPS.
Links to external web sites
Our website contains hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by other organizations. We cannot accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third-party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
As a result of changes to practices or and changes to the law, our data protection provisions may be updated from time to time. In case of major changes, in the future, a specific note will be either sent out or displayed on our website news feed.
If you would like more information or have any questions, which have not been answered by this privacy policy, please send an email to the following address: info@icnirp.org.
Date of reviews: May 2018 - Editorial changes July 2018
News > View all
Oct
2020
International NIR Workshop
Due to the COVID-19 crisis, the ICNIRP NIR Workshop, Seoul, Korea is cancelled. Other arrangements will be planned and information on those will follow. Thank you for your interest.
May
2020
UVC LAMPS and SARS-COV-2
ICNIRP cautions against use of UVC lamps to kill/inactivate the coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2)
Apr
2020
COVID-19 and RF EMF
Exposure from 5G telecommunications devices does not cause COVID-19
Tools & Topics
Follow us!Support ICNIRPFAQ re certificatesUV Index
jump to top