https://www.thoughtco.com/expansionary-monetary-policy-and-aggregate-demand-1146843
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
carlp778/Getty Images
Social Sciences
Economics
Supply & Demand
U.S. Economy
Employment
Psychology
Sociology
Archaeology
Ergonomics
Maritime
By
Mike Moffatt
Professor of Business, Economics, and Public Policy
Ph.D., Business Administration, Richard Ivey School of Business
M.A., Economics, University of Rochester
B.A., Economics and Political Science, University of Western Ontario
Mike Moffatt, Ph.D., is an economist and professor. He teaches at the Richard Ivey School of Business and serves as a research fellow at the Lawrence National Centre for Policy and Management.
our editorial process
Mike Moffatt
Updated February 16, 2018
To understand the impact of expansionary monetary policy on aggregate demand, let's take a look at a simple example.
Aggregate Demand and Two Different Countries
The example starts as follows: In Country A, all wage contracts are indexed to inflation. That is, each month wages are adjusted to reflect increases in the cost of living as reflected in changes in the price level. In Country B, there are no cost-of-living adjustments to wages, but the workforce is completely unionized (unions negotiate 3-year contracts).
Adding Monetary Policy to our Aggregate Demand Problem
In which country is an expansionary monetary policy likely to have a larger effect on aggregate output? Explain your answer using aggregate supply and aggregate demand curves.
The Effect of the Expansionary Monetary Policy on Aggregate Demand
When interest rates are cut (which is our expansionary monetary policy), aggregate demand (AD) shifts up due to the rise in investment and consumption. The shift up of AD causes us to move along the aggregate supply (AS) curve, causing a rise in both real GDP and the price level. We need to determine the effects of this rise in AD, the price level, and real GDP (output) in each of our two countries.
What Happens to Aggregate Supply in Country A?
Recall that in Country A "all wage contracts are indexed to inflation. That is, each month wages are adjusted to reflect increases in the cost of living as reflected in changes in the price level." We know that the rise in Aggregate Demand rose the price level. Thus due to the wage indexing, wages must rise as well. A rise in wages will shift the aggregate supply curve upwards, moving along the aggregate demand curve. This will cause prices to increase further, but real GDP (output) to fall.
What Happens to Aggregate Supply in Country B?
Recall that in Country B "there are no cost-of-living adjustments to wages, but the workforce is completely unionized.Unions negotiate 3-year contracts." Assuming the contract is not up soon, then wages will not adjust when the price level rises from the rise in aggregate demand. Thus we will not have a shift in the aggregate supply curve and prices and real GDP (output) will not be affected.
The Conclusion
In Country B we will see a larger rise in real output, because the rise in wages in country A will cause an upward shift in aggregate supply, causing the country to lose some of the gains it made from the expansionary monetary policy. There is no such loss in Country B.
Aggregate Demand & Aggregate Supply Practice Question
The Slope of the Short-Run Aggregate Supply Curve
Cost-Push Inflation vs. Demand-Pull Inflation
The Slope of the Aggregate Demand Curve
Expansionary vs. Contractionary Monetary Policy
How Money Supply and Demand Determine Nominal Interest Rates
Inflation in Economics
The Costs of Inflation
Online Macroeconomics Textbook Resources
The Impact of an Increase in the Minimum Wage
10 Supply and Demand Practice Questions
History of the North American Free Trade Agreements
The Quantity Theory of Money
The Phillips Curve
How to Read Shifts in the Supply Curve
Nominal Versus Real Quantities