http://www.pro-lab.co.uk/privacy
HomeAbout UsMeet the TeamResourcesProductsMicrobank™ 2DProlex™ Latex Agglutination KitsProflow™ Lateral Flow KitsPro-Stains™ Microbiology StainsVision™ AntiseraLaboratory EquipmentCoagulase PlasmaProlisa™ EIADirect Fluorescent Antibody KitsPro-Cult® First Generation Quality Control OrganismsEssentialsWomens HealthClostridium difficile Algorithmi2a – Total Laboratory AutomationPro-Slides™ – QC SlidesRax and StaxVIASURE® Real Time PCR Detection KitsNewsEventsCovid-19DistributorsContactOrders Login RegisterTerms and Conditions & Privacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsGeneral – All materials are sold for laboratory, diagnostic or allied use only, and are not intended for administration as a drug.Title – Until paid for all goods remain the property of Pro-Lab Diagnostics.Payment – All invoices are due for payment 30 days from date of issue; please quote invoice number on all correspondence. Acceptable methods of payment are cheque, direct deposit, electronic remittance, and credit card payments by Visa or MasterCard at point of order.Delivery – Delivery of goods will be via a route chosen by Pro-Lab Diagnostics unless otherwise specified. Pro-Lab Diagnostics will endeavor to select the most cost effective method.Returns – Please contact Pro-Lab Diagnostics prior to making a return to receive a Return Authorization number. In the case of customer error, we will accept the returned product if the following conditions are met: The item is unused, was shipped directly by Pro-Lab Diagnostics, was received within the last 15 days, and has not been damaged or marked in any manner. In such cases, there will be a 25% restocking charge.Damage – All claims for shortages or breakage must be made to Pro-Lab Diagnostics within seven days of receipt. Note that if damage occurs during transit, a claim must be filed with the courier.Quotations – For large consignments and standing orders, pricing is available on request.Orders – Our sales department will be pleased to take your orders, accompanied by a purchase order number.Legal & Privacy PoliciesTerms of UseThese Terms of Use (“Agreement”) set forth the terms and conditions that apply to your use of this website. BY USING THIS WEBSITE OR DOWNLOADING MATERIALS FROM THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT JUST AS IF YOU HAD SIGNED IT. If you do not agree with any of these terms, do not use this website. Pro-Lab Diagnostics Inc. reserves the right to make changes to this Agreement from time to time at its sole discretion. Your continued use of this website constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. Pro-Lab Diagnostics Inc. retains the right to deny access to its websites to anyone at its sole discretion for any reason, including violation of this Agreement. In addition, you agree not to use this website for any unlawful purpose.Links to Other WebsitesWe have provided links to other websites that we think might be of interest to you. If you access any of these linked websites, you may leave this website. You agree that if you visit any linked website, you do so at your own risk. Pro-Lab Diagnostics Inc. makes no warranty or representation regarding the content on any linked website.Links do not imply that Pro-Lab Diagnostics Inc. sponsors, endorses, is affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyrighted work displayed in or accessible through the links, or that any linked website is authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyrighted work of Pro-Lab Diagnostics Inc. You agree that Pro-Lab Diagnostics Inc. is not responsible or liable for the availability of, or content on, other websites or for supplementing, updating or correcting information contained on other websites.PRIVACY POLICYInformation CollectedAs a general policy, we have designed our website to minimize the amount of personal information collected and request only the information that is required to ensure that visitors can effectively use our services. No personal information is collected from visitors to this website unless you provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly.How We Use InformationIf you voluntarily provide us with any requested information, we generally use that information for internal purposes only, such as to fulfill your request for our documents and to provide the services you have requested. In addition, we may use this information to communicate directly with you, such as to respond to your inquiries.Contacting UsIf you have questions, comments or concerns about these Terms of Use or Privacy Policy, you may contact us by e-mail at support@pro-lab.com, by telephone at 1-800-268-2341, or by mail at:Pro-Lab Diagnostics Inc.Attention: Legal Department20 Mural Street, Units #3 & 4Richmond Hill, ON, L4B 1K3CanadaWe are happy to respond to your inquiries.Last Updated: January 1, 2006.PRIVACY NOTICEPro-Lab Diagnostics have created this Privacy Notice in order to demonstrate our strong commitment to protecting the privacy of all visitors to our site. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, they can be directed to uksupport@pro-lab.com or in writing to the address supplied at the bottom of this page.Part One: All visitors to www.pro-lab.co.uk are promised that:Pro-Lab Diagnostics will always respect your right to privacy. However, we understand that the internet is not a secure medium and therefore we have implemented security measures to, where possible, protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information placed under our control.All data gathered will be treated as confidential.Part Two: How we use your dataFor our ‘customers’, we use your personal data for certain legitimate business purposes, for example we may ask for your name, address, phone number and email, to tell you about new products and services and to send you marketing communication and offers.You can opt out of regular updates at any time by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ at the bottom of any marketing emails you receive from us.We may use personal and profile data to tailor the updates you receive.We may use your IP address or other identifying information to help diagnose problems with our server, to monitor numbers of users and/or to administer our interactive services as well as to identify and eliminate fraud.Accordingly, Pro-Lab Diagnostics would encourage you to be cautious about the information you choose to release and to safeguard passwords.We do not transfer your personal information outside the European Economic Area.We will request that users who wish to submit personal information are aged 16 years or older or that minors obtain permission from their parents or legal guardians before submitting such information.Whenever we process your personal data for these purposes we will ensure that we always keep your personal data rights in high regard and take account of these rights. You have the right to object to this processing if you wish. Please bear in mind that if you object this may affect our ability to carry out the tasks above for your benefit.Part Three: How long will you keep my data?We’ll normally hold onto your data, for as long as is necessary to give you the services you’re using in accordance with our retention policy.If you don’t use our services for over 24 months then your account may be classified as dormant and may be deleted in line with our privacy notice and retention policy.Part Four: Your rights as a data subjectAt any point while we are in possession of or processing your personal data, you, the data subject, have the following rights:Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.To get in touch, email: uksupport@pro-lab.comYou may be asked for ID to confirm your identity.Part Five: CookiesCurrently cookies are used on www.pro-lab.co.uk to identify you for usability purposes. These in no way track your movement around the service or record any information about you. They are used specifically for identifying if you have used the site before and welcoming you as a returning user.Part Six: DisclaimerIf Pro-Lab Diagnostics links to other services, Pro-Lab Diagnostics is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these services. Pro-Lab Diagnostics reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy notice at any time and you are therefore encouraged to review it from time to time.Part Seven: Trademarks and CopyrightAll content included on this site, such as text, graphics, button icons, images and software, is the property of Pro-Lab Diagnostics and is protected by UK and European copyright laws. The content and software on this site may be used as either or both of an informational or shopping resource. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content on this site is strictly prohibited.Part Eight: Terms and ConditionsOur Terms and Conditions can be viewed above.Part Nine: Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by us, or how your complaint has been handled, you have the right to lodge a complaint.The details for the latter are:Data Protection uksupport@pro-lab.comPro-Lab Diagnostics3 Bassendale RoadBromboroughWirralCH62 3QLExclusive distributors for
Latest News
Cleaning With UV LightThis year has seen an unprecedented surge in sales of cleaning products – especially those that promise to kill bacteria and viruses. Due to COVID-19, the public, employers, and manufacturers... Read More
Who Are Pro-Lab Diagnostics? Read More
Preparing For The Fight Against Pneumonia This Winter Read More
Pro-Lab Diagnostics is pleased to announce CE marking is now complete for the VIASURE® Winter Multiplex CFR kit. Read More
Bio•Wand Portable UV Sanitiser Read More
View All News