http://www.zsf.org/privacy-policy
Menu
Zoo Hours
Open Today: 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Last ticket sold at 4:00 PM
Home
About Us
Zoo Miami
Zoo Miami Foundation
Careers
Media
Media News
Newsletter
Contact
Plan Your Visit
Know Before You Visit
Ticket Information
Rentals
Dine & Shop
Directions
Zoo Map
Local Hotels
FAQ
Zoo Rules
Guests with Disabilities
Experience
Activities
Feedings and Encounters
Rides
Presentations
Meet the Zookeeper
Animal Fun Factory
Education & Learning
Zoocademy
Field Trips
Zoo Camps
Earth Agents
Night Programs
Fishing Derby
Outreach
Nature Play
Speaker Series
Partnerships
BioTECH High School
Host Your Event
Birthday Parties
Picnic Packages
Catering
Facility Rentals
Evening Facility Rentals
Virtual Programs
Special Tours
Zoo Squad
Your Magic Memories Photos
Explore
Meerkam
Animals
Mammals
Birds
Reptiles
Amphibians
Plants
Exhibits
Art
Zoo Miami Walls
In-Kind Art Donations
Events
Conserve
Programs
Florida Bonneted Bat
REU Program
Florida Flamingos
Citizen Science
Imperiled Butterflies
Gopher Tortoises
Tropical Amphibians
Invasive Species in Florida
Harpy Eagle Project
Ron Magill Endowment
Florida Panther
Pine Rockland Restoration
Lake Enhancement
Native Photo Gallery
Mammals
Birds
Reptiles
Invertebrates
Plants
Resources
Annual Reports
Partners
Conservation Grants
Eco-Hero Contest
Ron Magill Heroes Award
Ron Magill Scholarship
UF Ron Magill Scholarship
Apps and Links
Shop
Gift Shop
Zoo Doo
Adopt an Animal
Buy a Brick
Support Us
Ways to Give
Corporate & Individual
Planned Giving
Foundation Grants
In-Kind Giving
Sponsorships
Donate Now
Become a Member
Premier Membership
Wild Bunch
Internship Programs
Volunteer
Programs
Volunteer Login
Buy a Brick
Adopt an Animal
Official Partners
Today: 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Last ticket sold at 4:00 PM
Current Temperature:
Tickets
Membership
Donate
Zoo Map
Events
Contact
Search
Privacy Policy
1
2
3
4
5
6
Home About Us
Personally Identifiable Information Personally Identifiable Information ("Your Information") includes information such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, street address, credit card number and credit card expiration date.
How We Collect Your Information
Zoo Miami Foundation (ZMF) collects Your Information only when you voluntarily provide it to us on our Site, such as during an online transaction to purchase products or subscriptions, make donations, sign up to receive emails, become a member or complete registrations or surveys. You may need to provide Your Information to participate in certain ZMF programs and activities or receive certain services or offers. Please note that when you purchase some items offered on our Site, you must provide Your Information to a third-party service provider on its Web site. In these circumstances, you will know that you are on another Web site because the URL will change. You should read the privacy policy of the third-party site before providing Your Information. Your credit card information will be used only as needed to process your transaction.
How We Use Your Information
ZMF will use Your Information for the purpose for which you give it to us (e.g., to complete an online purchase, donation, membership, subscription, or program registration). We may use Your Information to send you occasional postal and/or electronic mailings about ZMF and its programs that we think interest you. ZMF may also use Your Information to send you occasional postal and/or electronic mailings about third parties whose information or services we think may be of interest to you.
Online Surveys
From time to time, ZMF may invite you to participate in surveys posted on the ZMF Website or sent to you by e-mail through a third party web source such as facebook or survey monkey. You may decide whether or not you wish to complete such surveys, which may ask about your background, occupation, or similar questions. We use this information to help us better understand our audience, which in turn allows us to better meet your needs and interests.
Online Contests
ZMF will occasionally offer visitors the opportunity to participate in online contests or sweepstakes. If you choose to enter, you will need to provide your name and e-mail address so that we may contact you in connection with the contest. We may also request that you provide us with certain other information, such as your zip code, state of residence and grade in school (provided that you are at least thirteen years of age).
Security
We employ reasonable and current security methods to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information. Please note that no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we try to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Children Under 13
We neither solicit nor knowingly accept any information from children under the age of 13. If a child has provided us with personally identifying information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information and opt out of promotional opportunities.
Third-Party Practices
ZMF may share your Information with third parties that perform services for ZMF, such as fulfilling magazine subscriptions, conducting membership mailings or providing postal and electronic mailing platforms and services. ZMF also reserves the right to disclose Your Information in circumstances that ZMF deems necessary or appropriate, such as to respond to legal process or request from a governmental agency, security reasons or similar situations. Please note that if you become a Member of ZMF, your Information may be shared with third parties (e.g., other nonprofit organizations, marketers) whose information or services we think may be of interest to you. These third parties may wish to communicate with you by regular mail or email or share your information with others. From time to time, we may allow our third-party partners to present advertisements or other offers on our website. You should be aware that the privacy policy of these third-party partners may differ from ours. We encourage you to read that policy before responding to any such advertisement or offer.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our site may include links to other Web sites that may be of interest to you. Any links are provided only as a convenience and do not imply any endorsement of another site. Be sure to read the privacy policies on other sites other Web sites.
Changes to Our Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to maintain the highest protection for our users and to comply with a changing environment. We recommend that you check the policy when you visit our site to be sure you are aware of and understand our current policy. If we make material changes to this policy or in how we will use or collect your personally identifiable information, we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. We will not make changes in how we handle previously collected personal information that has retroactive effect unless legally required to do so.
Become a Member
Enjoy free admission, exclusive events and deals throughout the year, discounts inside the Zoo and more! Plus, your membership helps support our mission in conservation and education, making your Zoo better for you.
Join Now