https://www.infinity-usa.com/return-policy/
Skip to content
Return Policy
Need to Return a Product?
At Infinity Photo-Optical Company, we are committed to making sure you are completely satisfied. If by chance you would like to return a stock product within 30 days of purchase, all we ask is the following:
Obtain a return merchandise authorization number (RMA) by contacting our customer service department at 303.440.4544 or emailing info@infinity-usa.com
Return product with original packaging and the return authorization number clearly noted on the shipping carton
Additional Details
After 30 days, you will still need to obtain a return authorization number; however, unless otherwise provided in a specific warranty, only products found to be defective are accepted for repair or replacement for a period of one (1) year from invoice date.
Return authorizations are valid 14 days from issue.
All returned products are subject to inspection. Products displaying use, misuse, or other damage will not be accepted.
Products must be returned in original manufacturer’s packaging (wrap mirrors in lens tissue before placing in foam packaging). Products should be packaged in a separate carton with the return authorization number clearly marked on the shipping container.
A minimum 25% restocking fee will be charged for all returns between 31 and 120 days if the item is received in its original packaging and is unopened.
Shipping and handling charges will not be refunded.
Select products do not qualify for a refund based on usage.
Refunds are issued by check for pre-paid merchandise. Credit order refunds are issued to the credit card or seller’s open account to which the product was charged.
Please note that custom or made to order products are non-cancellable and non-returnable, except if the product is defective. Volume, standard product returns are subject to Infinity Photo-Optical Company discretion.
Questions? Need additional assistance? Please contact a customer service representative for additional details.
PRODUCTS
By Series
By Solution
INSTRUCTIONS
ABOUT
Our Company
Awards
Media Information
Media Information MikroMak
Media Information TS-160 ROBUSTO
Cinec Interview
SUPPORT
Software Freeware
Downloads
Links
Warranty
Limited Warranty
Terms and Conditions
Return Policy
Legal Notice
Privacy Policy
NELSONIAN AWARD
PRICING
CONTACT
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Log in
Remember me
Lost your password?