https://www.caleva.com/privacy-and-cookies/
Formulation Development
Caleva Multi Lab
Mix & Blend Small Batches
Multi Bowl Spheronization Kit
Variable Density
Mixer Torque Rheometer
Coat & Dry Tablets & Pellets
Scale Up
Extrusion and Spheronization System 50kg per hour
Extrusion and Spheronization System 100 kg per hour
Extrusion and Spheronization System 150 kg per hour
Knowledge Base
Caleva Worldwide
News
Contact us
Privacy and Cookies
How we use the information that we collect or that you provide to Caleva
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Why you should read this policy
We ask that you read this Privacy Policy carefully as it contains important information about who we are, how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information, your rights in relation to your personal information and how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.
Who we are
https://www.caleva.com/ (Website) is brought to you by Caleva Process Solutions Limited, a company incorporated and registered in England and Wales under company number 03073156 whose registered office address is at Earley Works, Butts Pond Ind. Estate, Sturminster Newton, Dorset, DT10 1AZ (‘We’ or ‘us’).
We take the privacy of our customers and website visitors very seriously. We ask that you read this privacy policy (Policy) carefully as it contains important information about how we will use your personal data.
We collect, use and are responsible for certain personal information about you. When we do so we are regulated under the General Data Protection Regulation which applies across the European Union (including in the United Kingdom) and the Data Protection Act 2018. We are responsible as ‘controller’ of that personal information for the purposes of those laws.
Our collection and use of your personal information
Information that you provideWe will obtain personal information about you when you send us feedback, submit data on our website or over the phone, get in touch using the website’s instant messaging tool, complete forms, report a problem with the website, contact us for any reason and by any medium and when you receive goods/services from us.
We do not collect, store or process data that is labelled as sensitive under the General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (‘GDPR’).
We may retain a record of any contact you make with us.
The personal information we collect about you depends on the particular activities carried out and the reason for the processing. Such information includes, but is not limited to:
• your name, address and contact details;• the company/business you work for/are representing, along with your job title;• potentially your location;• details of any feedback you give us by phone, email, post or via social media; and• information about the goods/services we provide to you.
Personal information about other individuals
If you give us information on behalf of someone else, you confirm that the other person has appointed you to act on his/her behalf and has agreed that you can:
• give consent on his/her behalf to the processing of his/her data; • receive on his/her behalf any data protection notices; • give consent to any transfer of his/her data.
Information from third parties
Occasionally, we may receive information about you from other sources, which will be added to the information already held about you in order for us to help supply our services and products to you.
How your personal data will be used
Under data protection legislation, we can only use your personal information if we have a legal reason for doing so, e.g.:
• to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;• for the performance of our contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract;• for our legitimate interests or those of a third party; or• where you have given consent.
A legitimate interest is when we have a business or commercial reason to use your information, so long as this is not overridden by your own rights and interests.
The table below explains what we use (process) your personal information for and our reasons for doing so:
What we use your personal information for
Our reasons
To provide goods/services to you
For the performance of our contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract
To prevent and detect fraud against you or us
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, i.e. to minimise fraud that could be damaging for us and for you
Conducting checks to identify our customers and verify their identity
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Ensuring business policies are adhered to, e.g. policies covering security and internet use
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, i.e. to make sure we are following our own internal procedures so we can deliver the best service to you
Operational reasons, such as improving efficiency, training and quality control
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, i.e. to be as efficient as we can so we can deliver the best service for you at the best price
Ensuring the confidentiality of commercially sensitive information
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, i.e. to protect trade secrets and other commercially valuable information.  To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Statistical analysis to help us manage our business, e.g. in relation to our financial performance, customer base, product range or other efficiency measures
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, i.e. to be as efficient as we can so we can deliver the best service for you at the best price
Preventing unauthorised access and modifications to systems
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, i.e. to prevent and detect criminal activity that could be damaging for us and for you.  To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Updating customer records
For the performance of our contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contractTo comply with our legal and regulatory obligationsFor our legitimate interests or those of a third party, e.g. making sure that we can keep in touch with our customers about existing orders and new products
Statutory returns
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Ensuring safe working practices, staff administration and assessments
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligationsFor our legitimate interests or those of a third party, e.g. to make sure we are following our own internal procedures and working efficiently so we can deliver the best service to you
Marketing our goods/services to:—existing and former customers; —third parties who have previously expressed an interest in our goods/services;—third parties with whom we have had no previous dealings.
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, i.e. to promote our business to existing and former customers
We may monitor and record communications with you (such as telephone conversations, instant messaging and emails) for the purpose of quality assurance, training, fraud prevention and compliance.
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, i.e. to ensure our employees are trained to provide you with the best possible service.
To notify you of changes to the Website or to our services or products that may affect you
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, i.e. to ensure you’re up to date with our services and to promote any change.
External audits and quality checks, e.g. for ISO or Investors in People accreditation and the audit of our accounts
For our legitimate interests or a those of a third party, i.e. to maintain our accreditations so we can demonstrate we operate at the highest standardsTo comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Disclosure of your personal data
We routinely share personal information with:
• third parties we use to help deliver our services to you, e.g. warehouses and delivery companies;• other third parties we use to help us run our business, e.g. marketing agencies or website hosts – our main partner in this regard is HubSpot who provide us with Content Management and Contact Relationship Management systems;• third parties approved by you;• our bank.
We only allow our service providers to handle your personal information if we are satisfied that they take appropriate measures to protect your personal information. We also impose contractual obligations on service providers relating to ensure they can only use your personal information to provide services to us and to you. We may also share personal information with external auditors, e.g. in relation to ISO accreditation and the audit of our accounts.
We may disclose and exchange information with law enforcement agencies and regulatory bodies to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
We may also need to share some personal information with other parties, such as potential buyers of some or all of our business or during a re-structuring. Usually, information will be anonymised but this may not always be possible. The recipient of the information will be bound by confidentiality obligations.
Transfer of your information out of the EEA
To deliver services to you, it is sometimes necessary for us to share your personal information outside the European Economic Area (EEA), e.g.:
• with your and our service providers located outside the EEA;• if you are based outside the EEA;• where there is an international dimension to the services we are providing to you.
These transfers are subject to special rules under European and UK data protection law.Non-EEA countries do not have the same data protection laws as the United Kingdom and EEA. We will, however, ensure the transfer complies with data protection law and all personal information will be secure.
Marketing
We may use your personal information to send you updates about our products and services, including exclusive offers, promotions or new products/services.
We have a legitimate interest in processing your personal information for promotional purposes. This means we do not usually need your consent to send you promotional communications. However, where consent is needed, we will ask for this consent separately and clearly.
We will always treat your personal information with the utmost respect and never share it with other organisations outside the business for marketing purposes.
You have the right to opt out of receiving promotional communications at any time by:
• contacting us at info@caleva.com• using the ‘unsubscribe’ link in emails.
We may ask you to confirm or update your marketing preferences if you instruct us to provide further products or services in the future, or if there are changes in the law, regulation, or the structure of our business.
Your Rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), you have the following rights:
• You have the right to be informed about the collection and use of your personal data.• You have the right of access to your personal records or other information that we hold about you. We reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee for our administrative costs involved with providing you with access if we receive a request which is manifestly unfounded or excessive to access personal records. We may also charge a reasonable fee, in relation to administrative costs, if further copies of your data is requested following your initial request. • You have the right to rectify any errors in the data we hold about you. If any data or information we hold about you is inaccurate, or out of date, please contact us and we will correct this immediately.• You may have the right to have the data we hold about you erased. • You have the right to restrict processing.• You have the right to ask us to stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. You may also specify that you object to direct marketing by particular channels such as by email or telephone. If this is the case, please specify the channels you are objecting to in your communications with us.• You have the right to data portability. If you wish to obtain your data for your own purposes across different services, we will provide this information to you in an electronic format such as a PDF file, CSV file or via other electronic means. We reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee for the administrative costs of complying with any requests that are manifestly unfounded or excessive.• You have the right not to be subject to automated decision-making, including profiling.
To revise your consent, request access, amend or remove your records or assert any of your rights set out above, you should send your request in writing to us at info@caleva.com.
You may need to provide proof of identity and address (e.g. a copy of your driving licence or passport, and a recent utility or credit card bill); and specify the personal data you want access to, amended or removed.
How long we will store your data
We will keep your personal information while you have an active account with us or we are providing products and/or services to you. Thereafter, we will keep your personal information for as long as is necessary:
• to respond to any questions, complaints or claims made by you or on your behalf;• to show that we treated you fairly;• to keep records required by law.
We will not retain your personal information for longer than necessary for the purposes set out in this policy. Different retention periods apply for different types of personal information.
When it is no longer necessary to retain your personal information, we will delete or anonymise it.
Children
We do not actively collect or process any personal data related to an individual under the age of 18.
Keeping your personal information secure
We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We also confirm that your data will be stored on secure servers.
If you want detailed information from Get Safe Online on how to protect your information and your computers and devices against fraud, identity theft, viruses and many other online problems, please visit www.getsafeonline.org . Get Safe Online is supported by HM Government and leading businesses.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your computer (or other electronic device) when you access the website.
The information we obtain from the use of cookies will not usually contain your personal data. Although we may obtain information about your device such as your IP address, your browser and/or other internet log information, this will not usually identify you personally. In certain circumstances we may collect personal information about you, but only where you voluntarily provide it.
In most cases, we will need your consent in order to use cookies on this Website. The exception is where the cookie is essential in order for us to provide you with a service you have requested.
Description of cookies The cookies that we utilise on our Website are placed to fulfil such functions as analysing how you use the Website to give you a better and more personalised experience, generate statistical data and allow visitors to share content with a range of networking and sharing platforms.
The cookies we utilise on our Website include:Cookie Name Cookie Description _cfduid _cfruid How to turn off cookiesIf you do not wish to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted. If you do this, please be aware that you may lose some of the functionality of the website. For further information about cookies and how to disable them please go to: www.aboutcookies.org  or www.allaboutcookies.org .
Changes to this Policy
This privacy notice was last updated on 12th October 2020.
We may change this Policy from time to time. You should check this policy frequently to ensure you are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time you use the Website.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about this privacy notice or the information we hold about you.
If you wish to contact us, please send an email to info@caleva.com
Concerns and Questions
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information.
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/  or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
Close
Support
Calculators
Published Papers
FAQ
Application Notes
Glossaries
Company
Distributors
About Us
Blog
Contact
Legal
Terms of Use
Privacy & Cookies
Sitemap
Talk to Us
Please call us without obligation.
+44 (0) 1258 471122
Social Channels
Social Channels
Support
Knowledge Base
Published Papers
About Us
Company
Distributors
Contact
Legal
Terms of Use
Privacy & Cookies
Sitemap
Talk to Us
Please call us without obligation.
+44 (0) 1258 471122
Cert No. 1503 ISO 9001
© 2020. Caleva Process Solutions Ltd.