https://www.lisafea.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how Sonnenhof Holdings collects and uses personal data about you through your use of our website and communicating with us by email.
Information we collect about you from your use of the website
A cookie is a small, unique text file that a website sends to your computer when you visit a site. If you do not want cookies deployed to your browser, you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer.
The information collected is about which pages were viewed, length of visit to the pages and what files were downloaded. Technical information also includes the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, browser type and version, country, operating systems, and device platform.
How we use the information we collect
We will keep a record of your email whenever you contact us by email. You may receive product announcements to your email typically once every few years. If you do not want Sonnehof Holdings to send you an email you can respond to any such email communications with a request to unsubscribe.
We will use the information collected from you on your visit to our website to compile broad statistics about our visitors.
If you purchase our product we will keep a record of your name, email and mailing address. This is used for checking against repeat purchases in the future should you already have a valid license, in order to refund your purchase.
Personal data storage
We will retain your personal data for the entire time that Sonnenhof Holdings remains in business. Your data will be stored offline in a computer in Canada in a secured building. The personal data that we store is not highly sensitive, and is in compliance with 2018 EU GDPR privacy regulation for EU residents.
Contact information
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy you may contact us at support@lisafea.com