http://www.nist.gov/srm/ordering-policies-and-pricing/ordering-policies
Skip to main content
Official websites use .gov
A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A lock (
LockA locked padlock
) or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
https://www.nist.gov/srm/ordering-policies-and-pricing/ordering-policies
Standard Reference Materials
About NIST SRMs
Expand or Collapse
SRM Frequently Asked Questions
How to Cite a NIST SRM
Ordering Policies and Pricing
Expand or Collapse
Sales and Customer Service
SRM Price List
Terms and Conditions
Pricing Policy
Payment Policy
Licensed Distributors
Ordering Policies
Required Ordering Information
Measurement Services Policy Letter
Shipping Information
Registration and Surveys
Expand or Collapse
Register Your SRM
Product Survey
Customer Service Survey
SRM Order Request System
Using the Online Catalog
SRM Exhibits
SRM Definitions
Publications (SP260s)
Archived SRM/RM Certificates/Reports of Investigation
SRM Shoutouts Newsletter
Standard Reference Instruments
Ordering Policies
Share
Facebook
Linkedin
Twitter
Email
Ordering Policies
Purchasing an SRM
HOW TO ORDER AN SRM
Find your SRM on the web at: http://www.nist.gov/srm
- By number search
- By keyword search
- By searching the Order Request System by
category: https://www-s.nist.gov/srmors
To order online, once your find the SRM you need, click on the Add Material to Cart usa-button. You will be asked to sign into your account or create a new account
To order by phone, call 301-975-2200
Sales and Customer Service: srminfo@nist.gov
New Required Ordering Information
Mail OrdersOut-of-Stock MaterialsPricingLate ChargesProforma Invoices (Price Quote)
Shipments:
DomesticInternationalRestrictedRush
Returned GoodsDocumentationCertificates/MSDS
Mail Orders
Mail Orders (in English) for all NIST SRMs/RMs should be directed to:
Standard Reference Materials Group
National Institute of Standards and Technology
100 Bureau Drive, Stop 2322
Gaithersburg, MD 20899-2322
USA
Telephone: (301) 975-2200srminfo@nist.gov
Each purchase order should give the number of units, catalog number, and name of each reference material requested.
Example: 1 each, SRM 79a, Fluorspar Customs Grade.
The following information must be included with each order:
end user contact info;
name of customer;
shipping address;
billing address;
email address;
telephone number;
fax number;
purchase order number;
a customer identification number, i.e., a social security number (SSN) for consumer customers, tax identification number (TIN/EIN) for commercial customers, or agency code (ALC) for U.S. Government customers.
Note: NIST SRMs/RMs are only distributed in the units of issue listed.
Receipt of an order does not imply acceptance of any provisions set forth in the order that are contrary to the policies, practices, or regulations of the National Institute of Standards and Technology or the United States Government.
Top of Page
Out-of-Stock Materials
Orders for out-of-stock SRMs/RMs are generally filled with the renewal reference materials when available. A notification list is used to contact customers when the reference material (or its renewal) is again available. Upon notification, customers are told the price of the material and are asked to contact the sales office if they still wish to purchase it.
Pricing
Prices nist-quoted for SRMs/RMs are in U.S. dollars ($), and are published in the catalog supplement (price list). The prices shown therein are subject to change without notice and orders will be invoiced for the prices in effect at the time of shipment. Shipping and handling charges for regular and special (for SRMs in restricted categories) shipments are also applied to all orders. These charges will be added to the invoices.
SRM Terms and Conditions can be found at http://www.nist.gov/srm/terms.cfm
Top of Page
Late Charges
In accordance with U.S. Treasury regulations, late charges will be levied for each 30/45-day period, or portion thereof, that an invoice payment is overdue.
Top of Page
Proforma Invoices (Price Quotation)
A request for nist-quote is available for each SRM requested and includes the shipping cost.  Please email srminfo@nist.gov to submit a request.
Top of Page
Shipments
Domestic Shipments
SRM/RM shipments within the continental United States are shipped F.O.B. Gaithersburg, MD. There are several shipping modes which can be used, including UPS Ground, Federal Express, Air Freight, and Motor Freight (Collect). Unless otherwise instructed by the customer, the mode of shipment will be selected by NIST. Fewer shipping modes are available to SRMs/RMs in restricted categories and NIST reserves the exclusive right to select the proper shipping mode for these types of shipments. For restricted SRM/RM shipments, an additional charge is incurred for each shipping container used. This charge is added to the invoice.
Top of Page
International Shipments (and shipments to Alaska and Hawaii)
SRM/RM shipments outside the contiguous United States are also shipped F.O.B. Gaithersburg, MD, by one of the following modes:
UPS International;
Federal Express International (subject to size, weight, and category of material limitations);
Air Freight.
Unless otherwise instructed by the customer, the mode of shipment will be selected by NIST. Any other mode of shipment requested by the customer must be paid by the customer. Fewer shipping modes are available to SRMs/RMs in restricted categories and NIST reserves the exclusive right to select the proper shipping mode for these types of shipments.
Top of Page
For Standard Reference Instrument (SRI) shipments
Please refer to the individual certificate at:
http://www.nist.gov/srm/standard-reference-instruments.cfm.Restricted Shipments
Dangerous Goods (Hazardous Materials)
Some SRMs/RMs are classified as ``Dangerous Goods' by the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT), the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), or the International Air Transport Association (IATA). These organizations have published regulations and procedures for packaging and shipping dangerous (hazardous) goods which must be followed to safely transport these materials. Such regulations and procedures are very specific and do not allow exceptions. NIST reserves the exclusive right to select the proper packaging and shipping mode to assure that shipments comply with these regulations and procedures.
Temperature Sensitive Materials
Some SRMs are extremely temperature sensitive and will perish unless shipped by the most expedient mode available. To ensure the stability of these materials, they must be packaged with cool packs or dry ice which will maintain the necessary low temperatures for a short period of time. However, several SRMs are so temperature sensitive that they are restricted to domestic sales only, and must be shipped according to a set schedule.
Top of Page
Rush Shipments
Requests for rush shipments will be accommodated when possible. However, they will be made in compliance with existing regulations pertaining to the SRMs/RMs being shipped and when hazardous materials are involved, all regulations governing their transportation will take precedence. The following types of rush shipments are available:
Same day shipping - Orders must be placed by 10:00AM Eastern Standard Time (EST). In addition to the normal shipping fees, a processing fee of $50.00 will be added to the customer's invoice.
Next day shipping - In addition to the normal shipping fees, a processing fee of $25.00 will be added to the customer's invoice.
(Exception: Hazardous materials will not be shipped the same day.)
Top of Page
Returned Goods
NIST SRMs/RMs are generally not returnable, with the exception of defective goods or shipments made in error by NIST. However, normal transaction of business inevitably requires the occasional return of merchandise for exchange or credit. NIST has, therefore, instituted the following return goods policy:
Return shipments are accepted by NIST only after specific arrangements to do so have been made. To return a SRM/RM, contact the SRM Sales Office to obtain a Return Authorization Number and shipping instructions. REQUESTS FOR RETURN AUTHORIZATION MUST BE MADE WITHIN 30 DAYS OF RECEIPT OF SHIPMENT.
Return shipments of hazardous SRMs/RMs authorized by SRM Sales Office, must be packed, marked, labeled, and shipped in accordance with national and international regulations governing their transportation. Opened, leaking or damaged hazardous SRM/RM units and/or their containers CANNOT BE RETURNED TO NIST but should be disposed of in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
Returns which will not be authorized or accepted UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES include:
Perishable SRM/RMs,
Unsealed, partially used, modified or mutilated SRMs/RMs
Top of Page
Documentation
All documents are printed in English. The documentation NIST furnishes (if required) are:
Commercial invoice(s);
Packing slip(s);
Air waybill for air shipments (provided UPON REQUEST ONLY);
NAFTA Certificate(s) (when applicable);
SRM/RM Certificate(s), one for each unit ordered;
Material Safety Data Sheet(s), one for each type of ordered material requiring it.
Top of Page
Certificates and Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS)
Each SRM/RM shipment contains sufficient copies of Certificates and Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS) (if applicable) for the number of units ordered. However, if these documents are misplaced, NIST will provide additional copies free of charge upon request. Customers may call, fax, or use the following e-mail addresses to send in their requests:
Certificates: srminfo@nist.gov
MSDS: srmmsds@nist.gov
Older, archived certificates are available at www.nist.gov/srm; click on Historical Archived Certificates.
CUSTOMERS ARE REQUIRED TO INSPECT ALL PACKAGES AND DOCUMENTATION IMMEDIATELY UPON RECEIPT OF SHIPMENT. ANY DAMAGE, SHORTAGES OR DEFECTS MUST BE REPORTED TO SRM GROUP CUSTOMER SERVICE AT (301) 975-2200, WITHIN FIVE (5) DAYS OF RECEIPT OF SHIPMENT.
Reference data
Created January 6, 2010, Updated October 22, 2020