http://www.prospecbio.com/privacy
Privacy
Home
LEGAL
PRIVACY
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Privacy
ProSpec-Tany TechnoGene Ltd (www.prospecbio.com) is committed to protecting your privacy. To inform you of steps we take to protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. By using this Website you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy policy applies to the website owned and operated by [ProSpec-Tany TechnoGene Ltd], with a homepage located at [www.prospecbio.com]. This Privacy Policy does NOT apply to any other websites, and we make NO representations as to the privacy practices of other websites.
ProSpec-Tany TechnoGene Ltd. takes reasonable steps to limit the uses of information provided by you to those described in this statement. Credit Card information entered by the customer on http://www.prospecbio.com/is encrypted with 128-bit public key encryption Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. However, slight and remote, there is always a possibility that your information could be lost due to technical problems or stolen from our databases. ProSpec-Tany TechnoGene Ltd. is NOT responsible for any such loss or theft.
ProSpec-Tany TechnoGene Ltd. is NOT responsible for the content or privacy policies of web sites to which it may link.Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart/basket and to identify your browser session for your account.
Information Collection and Use:
We collect ONLY the Internet Service Provider identity, not the email addresses of visitors to our web site, UNLESS you volunteer such information. We do collect the email address of persons who communicate with us via email. These addresses are used for purposes of correspondence only.
We also collect information on pages visitors access and information you volunteer, such as name, address, telephone number, fax number and credit card information. We request this information when you place an order through www.prospecbio.com, when you register to receive our newsletter and special product announcements, when you ask a technical question, or when you ask to be on our mailing list. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and insure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Information collected from our web site will NOT be used for purposes of sending mailings unless the user agrees, such mail includes announcements about new products, catalogs and technical information requested specific to our products. We also use non-identifying information to improve the content of our web pages, and for systems administration. We do not share this information with any other organizations for commercial purposes. This kind of information includes which pages you visit, search engine and key words used, and length of time you visited our site.
Your information is stored on servers located in the United States and/or Israel. We and our agents who help us with hosting and security use a number of procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure, including use of encryption, "firewalls" and Secure Socket Layers. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet.
The Effective date of this Privacy Policy is December 1, 2007.
Changes to our Privacy Policy:
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will always post these changes on this page so that you are aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we will disclose it. Thank you for visiting www.prospecbio.comIf you have any questions or require additional information regarding this information. ProSpec can be contacted by email at info@prospecbio.com or by post at:
ProSpec-Tany Technogene Ltd.P.O. BOX 4157, Ness Ziona 7414003, Israel