http://www.agdia.com/customer-support/privacy-and-security
Skip to Main Content
This site provides information using PDF, visit this link to download the Adobe Acrobat Reader DC software.
Customer Support
Home
Customer Support
Privacy and Security
Privacy and Security
Information we collect:
We collect information from you when register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter(s), respond to survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
Like most websites, we use cookies and / or web beacons to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website.  We use cookies to to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
If you prefer, you can have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off cookies via your browser settings.  Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly.  However, you can still place an order on the telephone.
What do we use your information for?
The information we collect from you may be used to personalize your experience on our site, to improve our website, to improve customer service, to process transactions, to administer a contest, promotion, or survey, and / or to send periodic e-mails.
The email address you provide to us for orders may be used to send you product updates, company news, and advertisements in addition to information pertaining to your order.
If you would like to unsubscribe from receiving e-mails, other than those that relate to your order, please contact Agdia to be placed on an opt-out list.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service.
Protecting your information:
Any financial or other sensitive information you provide to us is transmitted using  Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Once a transaction is completed, your financial information is not stored on our servers.
Disclosure:
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal information.  This does not include trusted third parties who assist in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep your information confidential.  We may also release your information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Terms and Conditions:
Please visit our Terms and Conditions page which establishes the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at your site.
Your Consent:
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy:
The policy modification date below will be changed should we decide to change this Privacy Policy.
Date of Last Modification:  02/25/2009
Contacting Us:
For questions regarding this policy, please contact Agdia at:
http://www.agdia.com
52642 County Road 1
Elkhart, IN  46514
USA
info@agdia.com
574-264-2615
Orders & Billing
Privacy and Security
Terms of Use
Return Policy
Safety Data Sheets (SDS) (opens in new window)
Frequent Questions and Troubleshooting
AmplifyRP FAQ
ELISA FAQ
ImmunoStrip FAQ
Latest News
Agdia Commercializes Rapid Molecular Assay for Detection of Potato Virus Y (PVY)
December 1, 2020
Agdia Expands Their AmplifyRP® Field of Use to Include Detection of Conferred Traits and Native Plant Genes
November 20, 2020
New ToBRFV ELISA Test from Agdia Now Available for Evaluation
November 4, 2020
Agdia Releases Rapid Isothermal Molecular Assay for Detection of HLVd (Hop Latent Viroid)
September 9, 2020
View all