http://www.mgrc.com.my/privacy-policy/
MGRC
Sequence.Analyse.Innovate // Bionexus
Biotech Corporation Malaysia
Home
Services
Genome Sequencing
Whole Genome Transcriptome Metagenomics and Metatranscriptomics
Genome Analysis
Bioinformatics Trait Analysis Trio Sequencing
Genetic Screening
Dtect
News & Events
Press Releases
News
Newsletters
Publications
Archives
Investor Relations
Board of Directors
Corporate Governance
Annual Reports
Announcements
IR Contacts
About Us
Corporate Mission and Vision
Partners and Customers
Key Management
Corporate Social Responsibility
Corporate Video
Join Us
Contact Us
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
These terms and conditions set out under this Privacy Policy, govern your access to/use of www.mgrc.com.my (“Portal”).
You acknowledge that MGRC reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time. MGRC will post the latest version of this Privacy Policy at the Portal. At all times, the latest version of this Privacy Policy shall be binding and shall supersede any earlier version.
MGRC hereby gives you notice that by visiting the Portal, your personal data may be collected. By your continued use of the Portal, you hereby expressly give your consent to MGRC to collect and process your personal data in the manner and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
If you do not accept the terms & conditions of this Privacy Policy and do not consent to the processing of your personal data, please discontinue your use of the Portal immediately and issue a notification to the Privacy Officer at the email address listed below.
Definitions
“Content” means all available content on the Portal.
“MGRC” means Malaysian Genomics Resource Centre Berhad (Company No. 652790-V), a company incorporated under the laws of Malaysia and having its main place of business at No.27-9, Level 9, Signature Office, Bandar Mid-Valley, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, and reference to MGRC may include its subsidiaries, affiliates and parent companies.
“Services” means the services offered on the Portal.
“You/your” refers to you, the end user accessing the Portal.
PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
Examples of personal data which may be processed include:
Name (first & last)
Address
Phone
E-mail
Payment details
Name of the domain and host from which you are accessing the Portal
IP address of the computer you are using
Date and time you access the Portal; and
Internet protocol (IP) address of the site from which you linked directly to the Portal.
PURPOSE FOR WHICH PERSONAL DATA IS PROCESSED
Your personal data is processed in order to:
ascertain and verify business contact information;
facilitate the transmission of notices and communications;
provide future services and support;
better tailor the Services to your specific needs;
enable development and improvement of the Content;
enable the operation of certain functionalities & features of the Services;
generate internal reports; and
send you promotional materials and other information.
You may unsubscribe from mailing lists at any time by opting out. To do so, please email your request to be removed from the mailing list, to admin@mgrc.com.my.
MGRC’S USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
MGRC does not collect/process/disclose your personal data for a purpose other than for which it was disclosed by you at the time of collection.
Save as expressly provided above, MGRC will share/disclose your information with/to unrelated third parties only when required to do so by applicable law or at the request of regulatory authorities. MGRC will not retain your personal data longer than necessary and will ensure that reasonable steps are taken to ensure that the said personal data is destroyed or permanently deleted in the event it is no longer required.
Should MGRC undergo a corporate exercise such as a merger, acquisition, or sale of its assets or part thereof, your personal data may form the part of the assets transferred/acquired. In such event, dealings with your personal data will continue to be in compliance with the provisions of the Personal Data Protection Act 2010.
YOUR OBLIGATIONS AS A DATA SUBJECT
You are also responsible for protecting your own personal data by keeping your password and other login details confidential and secure at all times.
YOUR RIGHTS AS A DATA SUBJECT
You may make a data access request to the Privacy Officer, in order to view or access your personal data.
You may make a data correction request to the Privacy Officer, in order to make corrections or update your personal data.
You may by notice to the Privacy Officer at any time, withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data.
You may by notice to the Privacy Officer at any time, request MGRC to cease processing your personal data on the basis that the continued processing of the same is likely to cause substantial and unwarranted damage to you or to another person.
You may by notice to the Privacy Officer, request MGRC to cease or not to begin processing your personal data for the purposes of direct marketing.
QUERIES AND COMPLAINTS
If you have questions or complaints about MGRC’s handling of your personal data, please send an email addressed to:
Privacy Officer,
Legal Department,
Malaysian Genomics Resource Centre Berhad.
Email : privacy@mgrc.com.my
Copyright © 2004-2020 Malaysian Genomics Resource Centre Berhad (652790-V). All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright Policy
Security Notice
Back to Top