http://www.saesgetters.com/group/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Toggle navigation
About Us Our History
Innovate the Future
Find us
Events
News & Media
Quality, Environment & Safety
Contact Us
Whistleblowing
Products & Functions Products
Functions
Markets
Applications
Product development
Benefits
Research & Innovation Method
Laboratory & People
Technologies
Intellectual Property
Investor Relations Financial results
Press Releases
Financial Reports
Presentations
Investors Area
Corporate Governance
Sustainability
Financial Events
Analyst Coverage
Investor Relations Contacts
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
SAES Getters S.p.A. (SAES Getters) would like to thank you for your visit and your interest in our company, products and services.
This disclosure describes the characteristics of the processing of the personal data collected via the websites www.saesgetters.com and https://shop.saesgetters.com/ (jointly the Website), by SAES Getters; it does not apply to any third-party websites, apps or contents in general, even if accessible from the Website. In these cases, the provisions made for data protection by said third parties shall apply and these may differ from our own; we recommend you consult them before disclosing any data.
By filling in forms featured on the Website and sending the information requested, you consent to its processing in the ways and for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
Please read this information on personal data processing before contacting us and supplying us with your personal data.
If in doubt as to the characteristics of the data processing, contact us::
by e-mail: click here
by regular mail, writing to SAES Getters S.p.A., Viale Italia 77, 20045 Lainate, Milan (FAO Legale [Legal Office])
*****
Data Controller
Data collection
Purpose of processing and time for which personal data is stored
Communication and transfer abroad of personal data
Processing method
Rights of the Data Subject
Data Protection Officer
Supplements
Data Controller
Your personal data controller is SAES Getters S.p.A., with registered office in 20045 - Lainate (MI), at Viale Italia 77, tax code and VAT no. 00774910152.
The Website is administered by SAES Getters.
Data collection
Data disclosed by users
Some areas of the Website require the disclosure of personal data in order to benefit from functions that cannot be offered to those choosing not to supply the information required; more specifically, these include the sending of contact requests or information to SAES Getters, signing up for the Investors Newsletter service and the online submission of purchase orders for SAES Getters products. The conferral of this information is voluntary: if not supplied, you may continue to browse the Website but will not be able to benefit from the relevant function.
Data is collected if and to the extent it is disclosed by the data subject. Data that is essential to the activities requested is marked with an asterisk.
SAES Getters collects and processes only relevant data and in no way that exceeds the purpose of processing: users are asked to please not disclose any unnecessary data (and therefore to pay careful attention when filling in free text fields: e.g. the “Message” field of the “Contact us” area); however, this will in any case be deleted immediately.
Data processed includes personal and contact data (e.g. name and surname, address, mobile telephone number, e-mail address) and data relating to activities carried out (e.g. company and role within said company).
Users are asked to please not disclose any third party personal data to SAES Getters, unless this is absolutely necessary (e.g. because the user does not have their own e-mail address and has no other direct means of contact); in this case, we would remind you that the user is responsible for fulfilling the legal requirements in matters of personal data protection and, in particular, for informing the third parties of the disclosure and, if necessary, obtaining their consent.
Data collected automatically by the Website
Each time you access the Website, our systems automatically register and analyse access data (such as the IP address of your provider, information on the browser used, pages visited, website from which you visited us, date, time and duration of each visit). The information is collected automatically by the Website and does not require you to do anything. The data collected is anonymous and aggregated only and cannot, therefore, lead to the identification of users. The information collected simply allows us to better understand the visits we received, how often we are visited and which parts of the Website are of greatest interest.
We analyse this data in anonymous form, for statistical purposes, and only use it to understand how our Website is used by users, so as to improve ease of access and increase its appeal, as well as note any technical issues as quickly as possible.
Purpose of processing and time for which personal data is stored
SAES Getters processes the data collected via the Website in strict compliance with applicable data protection legislation and the instructions given by the Personal Data Protection Authority.
Data is only processed to satisfy specific requests made by data subjects and, where referring to customers of SAES Getters, may also be processed to carry out customer satisfaction surveys with a view to verifying user satisfaction and improving SAES Getters products and services, as better described below.
Replies to contact requests
The data supplied by filling in the contact request form will be processed to allow the user to benefit from this service and, therefore to respond to the requests sent using the contact details supplied. The data is compulsory: any refusal will make it impossible for SAES Getters to contact and reply to the user.
This processing is carried out on the legal grounds that it is necessary in order to fulfil a specific request made by the data subject.
If the user is a customer of SAES Getters, the data may also be processed to carry out customer satisfaction surveys by e-mail, aimed at verifying customer satisfaction and improving SAES Getters products and services.
This processing is carried out on the legal grounds that it is in the legitimate interests of SAES to improve its products and services, and is compatible with the position of the data subjects insofar as: (i) market research is anonymous and the outcome is not shared with any subjects other than SAES Getters; and (ii) the interest of SAES Getters would appear to be reasonably also that of the data subjects.
You can object to the processing of data for the purposes of customer satisfaction surveys at any time by following the procedure described below all the communications whereby you are asked to take part in the survey, or by writing to: privacy@saes-group.com or by post to SAES Getters S.p.A., Viale Italia 77, 20045 Lainate, Milan (FAO Legale [Legal Office]). Any objection to this will in no way prejudice the processing of data required to respond to user’s requests.
Data will be stored and processed for up to 18 months form the date of the last contact request. It may only be stored for longer if a contractual relationship is established with SAES Getters, in compliance with the description given in the additional privacy policy that will be supplied by SAES Getters.
Investors Newsletter sign-up request
The data supplied by filling in the form to sign up for the Investors Newsletter service, will be processed to allow the user to benefit from this service and, therefore to send out the Investors Newsletter (by e-mail). The data is compulsory: any refusal will make it impossible for SAES Getters to send the user the Investors Newsletter.
This processing is carried out on the legal grounds that it is necessary in order to fulfil a specific request made by the data subject.
Data will be stored and processed for up to 18 months from registration, and for subsequent periods of 18 months each in case the user confirms its acceptance upon SAES Getters’ written request, which will be sent with a month prior notice running from the relevant expiry of the deletion term.
Data may only be stored for longer if the user is and/or becomes an investor of ours, in accordance with that described in the additional privacy policy supplied upon establishing the relationship.
Online purchases (shop.saesgetters.com)
The data disclosed at shop.saesggetters.com (including delivery and payment data) will be processed to allow the user to complete the purchase of the products desired and provide customer assistance, where necessary. Processing involves the sending of service communications on order status and the fulfilment of legal requirements.
For this same purpose, data will be disclosed to third parties supplying accessory services to online sales, such as shippers and carriers (for the dispatch and delivery of the products purchased) and banks (to handle payments and reimbursements). These subjects will process data, as applicable, as autonomous controllers or data processors; in the latter case, this will be done by virtue of a specific written appointment made upon them by SAES Getters. The communication of these data is compulsory: any refusal will make it impossible for SAES Getters to receive and accept the purchase order placed by the user.
This processing is carried out on the legal grounds that it is necessary in order to execute a contract to which the data subject is party and in order to fulfil the related legal obligations.
The data may also be processed to carry out customer satisfaction surveys by e-mail, aimed at verifying user satisfaction and improving SAES Getters products and services.
This processing is carried out on the legal grounds that it is in the legitimate interests of SAES to improve its products and services, and is compatible with the position of the data subjects insofar as: (i) market research is anonymous and the outcome is not shared with any subjects other than SAES Getters; and (ii) the interest of SAES Getters would appear to be reasonably also that of the data subjects.
You can object to the processing of data for the purposes of customer satisfaction surveys at any time by following the procedure described at the foot of communications whereby you are asked to take part in the survey, or by writing to: privacy@saes-group.com or by post to SAES Getters S.p.A., Viale Italia 77, 20045 Lainate, Milan (FAO Legale [Legal Office]). Any objection to this will in no way prejudice the processing of data required to process the purchase orders.
Data will be stored for the period necessary to fulfil tax, accounting and regulatory obligations connected with the sale of SAES Getters products; as regards the purpose of carrying out market surveys and research, data will be processed for up to 18 months after delivery of the products purchased.
Request for registration to events and webinars
The Data collected by filling the registration form for an event or webinar organized by the Data Controller (such as name and surname, email address, job title and company affiliation) will be processed to allow the user to attend the event requested and to receive any follow-ups related thereto.
The events may be organized and/or sponsored by SAES Getters, also in collaboration with third parties, or they will be held by SAES Getters employees and/or collaborators as speakers and/or moderators. In this context, the Data may be communicated to public and private subjects, involved in the related organizational and management activities and/or suppliers of accessory and necessary services (e.g. speakers, hostesses, communication companies in charge of sending service communications on events): these subjects will process the Data as autonomous data controllers or external data processors by virtue of a specific written assignment conferred to them by SAES Getters.
The provision of Data is necessary to complete the registration to the event: therefore, in case of refusal or failure to communicate the requested Data, it will not be possible to participate in the event.
The legal basis for this processing are: (i) the need to perform pre-contractual and contractual measures adopted upon the user’s request, and the need to comply with the related legal obligations; and (ii) with reference to the sending of follow-ups related to the event, the legitimate interest of the Data Controller to promote its products and services and its expertise in technical matters dealt with during the event. The legitimate interest of the Data Controller is compatible with the position of the users as it is reasonable to believe that they are interested in being informed about the latest news and initiatives of SAES Getters in the matters dealt with during the event.
The Data will be stored and processed only for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purpose referred to in this paragraph and, in any case, up to 18 (eighteen) months since the last registration.
Should the user participate in events organized and/or sponsored (also) by parties other than SAES Getters and upon the user’s prior consent (which may be expressed at the time of sending the registration request for each event), the Data may also be communicated to such third parties who will operate as autonomous data controllers in accordance with the provisions of the respective policies on the processing of personal data that they will provide to the users within the legal deadlines. Consent is merely optional: failure to give consent will not prevent the user from participating in the event; any consent given may be revoked at any time, by writing to the contact details indicated at the bottom of the page, without prejudice to the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of consent before revocation.
Communication and transfer abroad of personal data
Please also note that your personal data, in respect of the purposes specified above, may also be disclosed to public authorities, where necessary in order to comply with legal obligations. These subjects will process the data as independent data controllers.
Data will also be disclosed to subsidiaries and associates of the SAES Group (acting, unless otherwise provided, as independent data controllers) if necessary in order to execute a sales contract or pre-contractual measures to be taken at your request, as well as for administrative-accounting purposes (therefore on the legal ground of the legitimate interests of SAES Getters) and, in this context, may be transferred outside the European Union. Any transfer will only take place to the extent necessary to execute the sales contract or pre-contractual measures to be taken at your request.
Your data may only be disseminated in fulfilment of legal obligations, first and foremost obligations relating to transparency and publishing deriving from legislation governing listed companies, including Consob regulations and circular letters.
Processing method
The data will be processed using manual and automated tools that can guarantee the protection of Data, by design and by pre-defined settings that are such as to guarantee security and confidentiality and using logics that are strictly related to the purposes, by staff from SAES Getters acting on specific instructions concerning purposes and arrangements of such processing as well as security measures adopted.
Data processors, duly appointed by SAES Getters, include consultants and companies providing accessory and instrumental services to those provided by SAES Getters. One of these is IAKI Srl, with registered office in Milan (MI), at Via Panzeri 10, tax code and VAT no. 04452600960, which acts as Website developer and administrator, by appointment as System Administrator conferred by SAES Getters.
A complete list of data processors is available on request, by contacting: privacy@saes-group.com write to SAES Getters S.p.A., Viale Italia 77, 20045 Lainate, Milan (FAO Legale [Legal Office]).
Rights of the Data Subject
At any time, you can ask that you no longer be contacted using one or more of the contact details supplied and can exercise the other rights granted in accordance with current personal data protection legislation and, in particular, the right to request from the data controller, where appropriate, to access to and rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing concerning the data subject or to object to processing as well as the right to data portability, to withdraw consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal, to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority and start judicial proceedings at the competent court.
You may also request a complete list of data recipients at any time.
These rights can be exercised by contacting us:
by e-mail: click here
by regular mail, writing to Viale Italia 77, 20045 Lainate, Milan (FAO Legale [Legal Office]).
For more information or clarifications as to your rights or the personal data processing, please contact us in any of the ways specified.
Data Protection Officer
SAES Getters has appointed a Data Protection Officer, LCA Servizi S.r.l., Mr. Gianluca De Cristofaro who can be contacted by e-mail dpo@saes-group.com or by phone: +39 02 7788751.
Supplements
SAES Getters S.p.A. is a dynamic company that prides itself in not standing still: it may amend all or part of this disclosure to fit with future extensions or changes made to the Website, products or services offered. Please check this information notice regularly. If substantial changes are made, SAES Getters may send an e-mail notification to this effect or may publish a notice on the Website to report the changes and potentially ensure receipt of any request to exercise rights over personal data, as described above.
<![endif]-->