http://www.migcom.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
This site is operated by Moore Iacofano Goltsman, Inc. (MIG). We are committed to protecting the privacy of users of this website. As part of the normal operation of this website, we collect information from you. This Privacy Statement describes the information we collect about you and how that information may be used.
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Other Notification
Links with Other Sites
Opt-in E-Mail
E-Mail Displays
Access
Security
Enforcement
Privacy Policy: It is our policy not to disclose any information that identifies our website visitors to third parties other than as described below.
We track activity on this website to create general statistical reports about the site and its visitors. We use this information to learn more about our users and how we can improve our site. You can visit our site without identifying yourself or revealing any personally identifiable information. There may be times, however, when you will choose to give us personal information. It is our policy to keep this information strictly confidential and to protect it with the utmost care.
We track the domains (for example, Google or Yahoo) from which people visit this site. We do this to gain aggregate data that may be analyzed for trends and statistics. This tracking is done through the use of IP addresses. Subject to the provisions of this Privacy Statement, we may use accumulated aggregate data for several purposes including audience analysis, evaluation of services, business planning and to improve client service.
We may conduct surveys or other studies of users and usage for planning purposes. You have the option to participate in these surveys or not to do so. We will notify you at the time a survey is taken if responses to that survey will be disclosed publicly. We will disclose only aggregate information, and will not associate specific responses or other personal information with any specific individual.
Cookies: this website employs "cookies" to provide you with tailored information. A "cookie" is an element of data that a website, when visited by a user, sends to that user's browser; the browser may, in turn, store that element on the user's hard drive or memory. Cookies allow the site to better serve users; any cookies sent will be marked so that they will be accessible only by websites subject to this Privacy Statement. At your option and your sole expense and responsibility, you may block or delete our cookies from your PC hard drive. However, if you disable or delete cookies, certain site features and functionality may no longer work properly, or at all.
Other Notification: In order to implement or enforce the Terms, we may use user-provided e-mail addresses to contact users on an individual basis. We may also use the e-mail address you provide to keep you informed of activities related to the System Strategic Plan.
Link with other sites:
This website contain links to other websites. Please note that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from ours. Neither MIG nor the owner of this website is responsible for the privacy policies and practices of any linked website. We encourage you to read the privacy statement of any website you may visit.
"Opt-in" E-mails:
You may "opt-in" to receive site notifications, newsletters, or other information via e-mail. You may remove yourself from such services at your discretion. Any email sent to an "opt-in" list will include directions for how to remove your email address from the list, or a URL where you can find these directions.
E-mail Display:
In some cases, you may have the opportunity to use this site to send electronic mail to another user or email list. In such cases, your valid email address and the name you provided to us will be included with these messages. To prevent abuse, you may not opt-out of including this information in your messages. However you may choose to refrain from using this site to transmit messages.
Access: Members can easily view, update or remove their personal data via the Personal Settings link under the Preferences section of the web site. We strongly encourage all members to review their Personal Settings and to regularly update their passwords.
Security : To secure site integrity, we use measures including security audits, encryption tools and software, and other reasonable security measures and procedures. Internal access to users' private and nonpublic personal information is restricted to site administrators and specific individuals on a need-to-know basis.
Enforcement: If we become aware that the security of this site has been compromised or that nonpublic user information has been disclosed to unrelated third parties, we will take appropriate measures including internal investigation and reporting and notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authorities, notwithstanding other provisions of this Privacy Statement.
If we become aware that your personal information has been disclosed in a manner not in accordance with this Privacy Statement, we shall make reasonable efforts to notify you as soon as reasonably possible and as permitted by law. In this unlikely event, we will notify you of the specific information that has been disclosed, to the extent that we know it.