https://www.capricorn-labs.co.uk/home/privacy-policy/
Sales and Servicing
About Us
User Instructions
Contact Us
Capricorn Labs
HomePrivacy policy
Privacy policy
This policy sets out our policy on the privacy of the individual. We take your privacy seriously and information will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Your Consent
Your use of this website signifies your consent to us collecting and using personal data about you as specified below in accordance with this policy statement. Should we choose to change these terms for any reason, the changes will be posted here so that you are always kept informed about the collection and use of your personal information, and when we disclose it.
How do we collect personal information about you and how is it used?
You may provide personal information when communicating with us.
You may use our services and give your name and e-mail address to make a comment about our services or Web site.
If you enter a competition or promotion we will ask your name, address and e-mail address.
We will collect information about your tastes and preferences, both when you tell us and by analysis of customer traffic, including using “cookies”.
It may be that some of the personal information you give us (for example, about your health and age) is sensitive personal data within the meaning of the Data Protection Act 1998. Such information (“sensitive information”) will only be disclosed with your express consent.
It may be that you provide us details of credit or debit cards or bank accounts in making payment to us. Any such information (confidential financial information) will be disclosed only in accordance with the disclosure policy below.
We may use personal information collected about you to help us develop the layout of our website to ensure that our site is as useful and enjoyable as possible.
We may use personal information collected about you to let you know about functions on our Web site or changes to our terms and conditions of use.
Traffic Data
We may provide aggregate statistics about sales, customers, traffic patterns and information to third parties, but these statistics will not include any information that identifies you.
Disclosure Policy
We reserve the right to access and disclose individually identifiable information to enable us to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests to operate its systems and to protect itself or its users.
How do we protect your information?
We have strict security procedures covering the storage of your information in order to prevent unauthorised access and to comply with the terms of the Data Protection Act 1998. This means that sometimes we may ask you for proof of identity or for other personal information before we can process your call or enquiry further.
All data stored is in  compliance with the GDPR rules. Please see our GDPR page for further information
What are cookies and how do we deal with them?
When someone visits our site we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.Use of Cookies by this Web Site
Cookies are small amounts of data that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More information
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
We will still be using Google Analytics on this site even when you have not accepted their use as we consider they are essential to the performance of our company.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
Online notification form cookie
ASP.NET_SessionId
This cookie is essential to the underlying technology used by the website and has to be set when you first visit
Visit the Microsoft website
Cookie Control
CookiesAccepted
cookie_privacy_hide
Used to store your acceptance to storing cookies on your browser.
Most web browsers allow some control of cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Embedded Cookies
We may embed content such as YouTube videos. Embedded content may set cookies which are completely outside of our control.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy, please email via our contact section.
Search
QUICKLINKS
Styles and instructions
Privacy policy
GDPR
Terms of use
Site map
Purchase new and refurbished Capricorn CEP 2000 centrifuges.
Further Information
Capricorn CEP 2000 Bench Top Centrifuges are now available to hire
Further Information
Capricorn CEP 2000 centrifuge servicing and certification.
Further Information
CookiesThis site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you