http://www.datumproducts.com/terms-of-use/
Customer Services
Sales and RefundsPrivacy NoticeTerms of Use
Terms of Use
1. INTRODUCTION
Datum Survey Equipment Ltd ("we") are a division of Vp plc who have an enviable reputation for providing quality products and services directly to the building and related trades. We strive to offer all our customers reliable goods and an excellent level of service. If you have any queries, please contact us on 01924 263 346 (between 9.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m.) or write to:
ESS Safeforce Paragon House
33 Church Street Ossett
West Yorkshire WF5 9DN
We shall do our best to provide you with answers and solutions.
2. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
Before using the Internet Web Site (the "Site") please read these terms of sale. Your use of this Site is subject to these terms and we reserve the right to review and revise these terms from time to time without prior notice.
3. THE GOODS, HIRE ORDERS AND AVAILABILITY
The Goods (the "Goods") shall be as described in this Site from time to time. It is possible that some information on the Site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. We reserve the right without notice at any time and from time to time to amend, improve, correct any information on this Site and to discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any range or line of Goods.
We only accept hire orders for deliveries to Inland United Kingdom, Orders placed on line for areas outside of inland UK will be refunded in accordance with these terms.
Occasionally, the goods you wish to hire may be out of stock, sold out or unavailable for some other reason. The display of any Goods on this site is an invitation for you to offer to hire them, it is not an offer to hire them at the listed price. If you place an order for Goods with the branch subsequent to viewing items on this site, it shall be an offer to hire them and shall be subject to acceptance by Datum Survey Equipment Limited. Datum Survey Equipment Limited reserves the right to reject any order or to cancel any order (whether or not it has been confirmed by us and your credit card charged) if the Goods are unavailable or for any other reason (such as without limit if the Goods have been displayed at an incorrect hire rate due to a typographical or other error).
If we cannot deliver any part of your order we will inform you and we may offer you an alternative product. If the alternative is not acceptable or none is available or offered then we will refund you for any payments made for undelivered Goods.
4. DELIVERY CHARGES AND HIRE RATES
The total cost of your order is equal to the rate of the items ordered plus delivery. We reserve the right to vary the rates displayed on the Site and/or the delivery charges without prior notice.
All our rates are quoted in pounds sterling and exclude United Kingdom VAT at the rate current at the rate of order.
We may from time to time make special rate offers available. If you are interested in taking up such offers then you should do so at the time that you see it, as we may withdraw the ability to take advantage of such offers at any time without notice.
5. PAYMENT
Payment for the goods which you wish to hire can be made via cash, cheque, credit and debit cards. Items which are purchased and not hired can be cancelled and goods can be returned that may already have been dispatched up to 14 days from receipt (see return policy). Our terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights. This may not apply to goods that been hired and delivery accepted.
Please see our terms and conditions of hire.
** Please note on some equipment a deposit may be required. **
6. DELIVERY
We will only deliver hire items to mainland United Kingdom. If we receive your order for Goods by 3.00 p.m. on a working day, then we will endeavour to deliver them by the next working day but this cannot be guaranteed. If the goods you order are "Out of Stock" we will send out the order to you as soon as the product becomes available again. If we cannot source the item we will contact you to inform you.
6a. SAME DAY HIRES
Same day hires are only for collection and return from one of our Branches, a list of which can be found on our branch finder.
7. QUALITY AND RETURNS
If you sign for the Goods and discover they are faulty then please notify your local branch immediately with details of your hire contract, product code and description and a brief reason for return. We will then contact you to arrange for a replacement product provided that it is available. All returned Goods must be received by us in their original packaging.
The cost of returns of defective goods will be borne by Datum Survey Equipment Limited. The cost for any other returns will be borne by the Customer.
We want you to be happy with goods you purchase from us. Please check the goods on delivery and ensure that they are supplied correctly. If any of the goods prove to be unsuitable please return them within 14 days in the original packaging and in an unused condition for a full refund less of any postage costs.
8. COPYRIGHT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All the contents of this Site are protected by copyright law. Copyright © 2014 Hire Station. All rights reserved.
All intellectual property rights (including without limit design rights, copyright, trade marks, moral rights, patents, service marks, trade names and goodwill) in the design and arrangement of the Site, text and graphics and all Software compilations, underlying source code, and all other material on the Site are reserved to Hire Station Limited or its licensors. Except as expressly provided below, nothing contained in these terms of use or on the Site shall be construed as conferring any license or right, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, under copyright or other intellectual property rights.
You may not replicate, incorporate, modify, display, publish, distribute, licence, transmit, create derivatives, transfer or sell any of the material including graphics on this Site, in part or full. However, downloading or printing extracts from this Site for your personal, non-commercial home or business use is allowed.
Datum Survey Equipment Limited and all other names, images, pictures, logos and icons identifying Datum Survey Equipment Limited are trademarks of Datum Survey Equipment Limited in the UK and other countries. Other product and company names mentioned on this Site may be trademarks of their respective owners.
9. INDEMNITY
You agree to fully indemnify and keep Datum Survey Equipment Limited and its associates, affiliates, officers, agents, partners and employees, fully indemnified from and against all liabilities, claims, actions, expenses or demand, costs (on a full indemnity basis) made by any third party due to or arising out of your use or misuse of the Site, your connection to the Site or your breach of these terms of sale.
10. DISCLAIMER
Except as specifically stated on this Site, to the fullest extent permitted by law, neither Datum Survey Equipment Limited nor anyone else who has been involved in the creation, production, supply of the Goods shall be liable for any damages (including without limit direct, special, indirect, consequential or incidental damages, loss of business profits, contracts, revenues, anticipated savings or information, business interruption or any other financial loss) arising out of the use or inability to use the Site or from errors or deficiencies in it whether caused by negligence or otherwise except as expressly provided herein (even if Datum Survey Equipment Limited has been advised of the possibilities of such damages).
Except as specifically stated on this Site, to the fullest extent permitted by law, this Site and its contents are provided by Datum Survey Equipment Limited on an "as is" and "as available" basis and no representations or warranties of any kind are made (and they are expressly disclaimed). Further, Datum Survey Equipment Limited does not make any representation or warranty (and they are expressly disclaimed to the fullest extent permitted by law) that: (I) any information available on this Site will be accurate, complete or fit for any particular purpose; (ii) the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free.
Nothing in this contract shall exclude or limit the liability of Datum Survey Equipment Limited for death or personal injury resulting from its negligence or fraudulent misrepresentation nor affect the statutory rights of consumers.
If any exclusion in this license is held to be invalid and Datum Survey Equipment Limited becomes liable for loss or damage that may lawfully be limited then such liability shall be limited to the amount paid by you for the Goods and their delivery.
If Datum Survey Equipment Limited is prevented or delayed in or from carrying out its obligations under the contract as a result of something beyond its reasonable control such as but not limited to governmental acts, war, riots, strikes, or trade disputes (including by and with our own employees), technical failure, weather, flood, fire or explosion, natural or local emergency then Datum Survey Equipment Limited will not be liable for this.
11. PRIVACY
We are committed to protecting your privacy. In general, you can visit this Site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. We do not sell, trade or rent personal information to others. We may choose to do so in the future with appropriate third parties. If you object to any of these uses at any time, then please inform us by writing to Datum Survey Equipment Limited, Paragon House, 33 Church Street, Ossett, West Yorkshire, WF5 9DN
12. COOKIES
Cookies are bits of electronic information that a web site can transfer to your hard drive to help tailor and keep records of your visit to the Site. Cookies allow us to better customise your visits to the Site to your individual preferences, helping us to provide you with the best possible service on our Site. Most major web sites use cookies and their use is standard on the Internet. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies but you can change your settings so that you are notified whenever you are sent a cookie. To view Our complete cookie policy click here
13. GOVERNING LAW
Your use of the Site will be governed by English law and will be deemed to have occurred in the United Kingdom. If you have any disputes with us over the Goods or any other aspect of the Site then these will be exclusively resolved in English Courts.
15. ILLEGALITY OF CLAUSES
The illegality, invalidity, or unenforceabiliy of any clause or part of the contract shall not effect the legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder.
16. MODERN SLAVERY ACT - POLICY STATEMENT
Datum Survey Equipment Limited fully supports the Modern Slavery Act 2015. Datum Survey Equipment Limited is a specialist rental business with the majority of our activity taking place in the UK. The company does not tolerate any slavery or human trafficking within its business operations and we expect all those in our supply chain to comply with our values.
Our procurement activities are aligned to our company values and to the laws of the countries in which we operate. We take a risk based approach regarding our supply chain; where possible we build longstanding relationships with our suppliers and make clear our expectations of behaviour and we have systems in place to encourage the reporting of concerns.
In the small number of instances where we assess the risk to be relatively high we carry out checks to ensure compliance with stated policies and procedures.
Datum Survey Equipment Limited is a company incorporated in England, and is a member of the Vp Plc Group ("the Group"). The Group ("we","us") includes UK Forks, Groundforce, Airpac Bukom Oilfield Services, Hire Station Limited, TPA Portable Roadways Limited, Torrent Trackside Limited, and their associated companies from time to time. A full list of companies is available upon request (see 'contact us' below).
The purpose of this statement is to set out how we use personal information that we may obtain about you. Personal information means information relating to a living individual who can be identified from that information or from that information and other information that is held by or is likely to be held by us. It is our policy to take all necessary steps to ensure that personal data held by us is processed fairly and lawfully. We will take all necessary steps to implement this policy. All our employees and data processors who have access to personal data are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your personal data. Furthermore it is our policy to ensure that, when dealing with personal data all relevant statutory requirements are complied with, including the eight Data Protection Principles contained in the Data Protection Act and to monitor our procedures periodically to ensure compliance. Personal data may be transferred to countries outside of the European Economic Area. In using the services you consent to such a transfer.
By either registering as a user of any services provided by Datum Survey Equipment Limited on this website and by using the Datum Survey Equipment Limited website generally you agree to our use of personal information.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
1. When you register and use this site:
You will be asked to provide certain information such as your contact details. We will store this data and hold it on computers or otherwise. We will use this data to fulfil our agreement with you.
2. We may use information that you provide or that is obtained by us:
(a) to register you with our website and to administer our website services;
(b) To fulfil our agreement with you and processing and obtaining payment.
(c) To analyse and profile your shopping preferences e.g. (market, customer and product analysis) to enable us to review, develop and improve the products and services we offer and to enable us to provide you and other customers with relevant information through our marketing programme. We may use your information to make decisions about you using computerised technology, for example automatically selecting products and services which we think will interest you from the information we have. We may keep you informed of such products and services including special offers, discounts, offers, competitions and so on by any of the following methods:
Email
Telephone (including automated calls)
SMS text messages and other electronic messages such as picture messaging
Post
Fax
Or otherwise
(including products and services of other companies and organisations) which we consider may be of interest to you. When you provide us with your information you will be given the opportunity to say if you do not wish to receive information of such products and services from either us or carefully chosen third parties
(d) To administer any prize draws or competitions you may enter.
3. We may supplement the information that you provide to us with information that we receive from third parties.
Fraud Prevention
4. In order to protect our customers and us from fraud and theft, we may pass on information that we obtain from making identity checks and other information in our customer records, including how you conduct your account, to other Group companies, and to financial and other organisations (including law enforcement agencies) involved in fraud prevention and detection, to use in the same way.
TELEPHONE CALLS
5. Calls may be recorded to verify content and may be used together with your customer records for regulatory compliance, quality control and staff training, preventing or detecting criminal activity and for complaint resolution.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
6. We may give information about you to companies and organisations whose products we provide to you, e.g. services as follows:
(a) To other companies and organisations to administer any prize draws or competitions.
(b) To our agents, staff and approved third parties to carry out services for us.
(c) To anyone to whom we transfer our rights and duties under our agreement with you.
(d) If we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so.
COOKIES
7. New technologies are emerging on the Internet that help us to deliver customised visitor experiences. In particular, there is a technology called "cookies" which may be used by us to provide you with, for example, customised information from our website. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Cookies allow us to understand who has seen which pages and advertisements, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our website. Depending on the type of cookie we use, cookies also allow us to make our website more user friendly, for example, permanent cookies allow us to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit our website.
If you wish, you can usually adjust your browser so that your computer does not accept cookies. If you do this, you will still be able to browse around the site but the functions that allow you to add items to your trolley, set up a new account or access an existing account will not be available. Alternatively you can adjust your browser to tell you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer. How you adjust your browser to stop it accepting cookies or to notify you of them, will depend on the type of internet browser programme your computer uses.
8. Please remember, cookies do not contain confidential information such as your home address, telephone number or credit card details. We do not exchange cookies with any third party websites or external data suppliers.
9. Your browser also generates other information, including which language the site is displayed in, and your Internet Protocol address ("IP address"). An IP address is a set of numbers which is assigned to your computer during a browsing session whenever you log on to the Internet via your internet service provider or your network (if you access the Internet from, for example, a computer at work). Your IP address is automatically logged by our servers and used to collect traffic data about visitors to our websites. We do not use your IP address to identify you personally.
10. We only keep cookies for the duration of your visit to our website, except where you save your login name as referred to above.
For further information on cookie please also see our Cookie Policy.
Security
11. We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose online. You accept the inherent security risks of providing information and dealing online over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.
12. For further information about the steps we take to protect your information and make online shopping as secure as possible please contact on the address below.
GENERAL
13. You have the right to see personal data (as defined in the Data Protection Act) that we keep about you, upon receipt of a written request and payment of a fee. If you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect please contact us (see details below).
14. Please be aware that our site may link to other websites which may be accessed through our site. We are not responsible for the data policies or procedures or the content of these linked websites.
HOW CAN I GET MY NAME REMOVED FROM THE DATUM SURVEY EQUIPMENT LIMITED MAILING LIST?
If you want to be removed from our mailing list, please send an email to datum@zenithsurvey.co.uk with the word 'remove' in the subject line and the email address that you wish to be removed within the email. Please note that it may take up to 28 days to action your request. In addition, each electronic mailing we send you will contain details of how you can un-subscribe.
CONTACT US
If you have any comments or queries in connection with our privacy policy, please E-mail datum@zenithsurvey.co.uk or call 01924 263 346 or write to the Data Protection Compliance Manager at Datum Survey Equipment Limited, Paragon House, 33 Church Street, Ossett, West Yorkshire, WF5 9DN
WHY DO DATUM SURVEY EQUIPMENT LIMITED USE COOKIES?
At Datum Survey Equipment Limited we use cookies and other technologies to help understand and improve browsing and shopping behaviour whilst on our website. This helps us target which sections of the site work well and which sections we feel we can improve.
By using the Datum Survey Equipment Limited website, you are agreeing to our Privacy and Cookie policies and consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies.
WHAT IS A 'COOKIE'?
A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Cookies allow us to understand who has seen which pages and advertisements, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our website. Depending on the type of cookie we use, cookies also allow us to make our website more user friendly, for example, permanent cookies allow us to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit our website.
If you wish, you can usually adjust your browser so that your computer does not accept cookies. If you do this, you will still be able to browse around the site but the functions that allow you to add items to your trolley, set up a new account or access an existing account will not be available. Alternatively you can adjust your browser to tell you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer. How you adjust your browser to stop it accepting cookies or to notify you of them, will depend on the type of internet browser programme your computer uses.
DO I NEED TO USE COOKIES?
To make sure you have the best experience when using the Datum Survey Equipment Limited website, it is advisable to enable cookies at all times during your visit. Cookies ensure that your visit and experience is personal and all of the site is available for use.
If you decide not to allow Cookies you will still be able to access the Datum Survey Equipment Limited website, but it will be restricted and your browsing experience will not be as personalised. Without cookies enabled you will be unable to place an order or raise a quote as cookies are required for this process to be completed.
If you would like to continue without the use of Cookies you can change your browsers settings to reject any cookies that are requested. There will be more information regarding this within your browsers 'Help' or 'Tools' menu. Alternatively you can clear Cookies after you have completed your visit through the same methods.
DOES DATUM SURVEY EQUIPMENT LIMITED STORE PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Cookies do not contain confidential information such as your home address, telephone number or credit card details. We do not exchange cookies with any third party websites or external data suppliers.
DOES DATUM SURVEY EQUIPMENT LIMITED STORE COOKIE INFORMATION?
We only keep cookies for the duration of your visit to our website, except where you save your login name as referred to above.
Your browser also generates other information, including which language the site is displayed in, and your Internet Protocol address ("IP address"). An IP address is a set of numbers which is assigned to your computer during a browsing session whenever you log on to the Internet via your internet service provider or your network (if you access the Internet from, for example, a computer at work). Your IP address is automatically logged by our servers and used to collect traffic data about visitors to our websites. We do not use your IP address to identify you personally.
SOCIAL NETWORK COOKIES
Datum Survey Equipment Limited hold a presence on different Social Networks, these sites may use Cookies, however these are determined by the hosting sites so we have no control on how they are used. Please see the relevant sites for more information on how they are managed.
If you require any more information regarding Cookies and your privacy, please visit www.aboutcookies.org
Sign up for our newsletter
We will never share your information and you can unsubscribe at any time.
Subscribe
×
Login to Your Account
Register
Forgotten My password
First Name
Last name
Email
Already a member? Login
Email Address
Already a member? Login