http://www.gtrlc.org/privacy-policy/
Past Time
Past Time
Privacy Policy
The Grand Traverse Regional Land Conservancy (GTRLC) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, disclosed, and protected by GTRLC. Constituents have the right to limit how their private information is used and requests from donors who wish to remain anonymous will be honored.
If you have questions about this policy, please do not hesitate to contact the Manager of Information Technology, Salesforce and Risk Analysis, at 231-929-7911 or by emailing info@gtrlc.org.
What Information Do We Collect And For What Purpose?
We generally collect two types of information: personal information you submit voluntarily and information we collect automatically as you use our platforms or third party sites.
Information you provide to us directly: We may collect personal information, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, location, gift amount, and gift payment method, time of year and project designation. When you make a donation to us, sign up for our mailing list, attend an event, or otherwise communicate with us, you consent to payment information and us obtaining this personal information.
Information we receive from third-party sites: We may receive personal information about you from third parties and combine that with information we collect. For example, we may obtain information when you access our website by logging in through a third-party social network or authentication service, such as Facebook or Google. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us, which could include your name, email address, address book and contacts, or other information. When you interact with GTRLC through a social media site or third-party service, such as when you “like”, “follow” or “share” GTRLC content on Facebook, Instagram or other sites, we may receive information from such sites. This may include your profile information, picture, user ID, or any other information you permit the social network or service to share with third parties. The data we receive from these third-party sites is dependent upon that third party’s policies and your privacy settings on that site.
Use of Collected Information
GTRLC will never sell, share, or rent your personal data to third parties for their use. We use personal information collected to:
Build and track relationships with constituents
Notify constituents about special events that GTRLC believes may be of interest
Provide requested services, such as register a constituent for a GTRLC event or subscribe a constituent to GTRLC newsletters
Purchase merchandise
Process donations authorized by donor
Communicate with the donor in the future, both about the impact of their gift and other
opportunities/updates – these communications could come via mail, email or phone
Analyze and identify fundraising trends
Other purposes disclosed at the time the information is collected or to which the
constituent consents
Links to Other Websites and Services
The GTRLC website may contain links to and from third-party websites and social
media sites, and our users may post links to third-party websites. If you follow a link to
any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies
and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. We strongly
recommend that you read their privacy policies, terms, and conditions of use to
understand how they collect, use, and share information. We are not responsible for the
privacy practices or the content on the websites of third-party sites.
Third-party vendors and other service providers that perform services on our behalf may
use your information as needed to carry out their work for us. This may include thirdparty
vendors providing mailing, tax and accounting, payment processing, web hosting,
or analytic services. Some of our webpages utilize framing techniques to serve content
from our third-party vendors while preserving the look and feel of our Site. Please be
aware that by providing your information to GTRLC, you are consenting to us sharing
your personal information to these third parties to the extent necessary to perform their
work for us.
Anonymity
Donor requests to have their name and gift information held anonymously will be honored in:
Listing of gifts and donors on the internet, in newsletters and annual reports, and in any
other public settings;
Internal use of information to mail newsletters, event invitations, special appeals,
renewals, and other solicitations;
Internal use of information to emailing news and information including solicitations;
Any other use or publication of information collected online or through the mail about
the donor and their giving information.
We cannot honor anonymity or where disclosure is required by law.
Keeping Your Information Safe
We care about the security of your information and employ appropriate and reasonable organizational,
electronic, physical, administrative, and technological safeguards designed to preserve the integrity and
security of all information collected through our website. We take our responsibility to secure your
information seriously, however, the electronic transmission and storage of information cannot be
guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe your use of the GTRLC website and/or
platforms is no longer secure, please immediately contact us.
Credit Card Information
GTRLC maintains a high level of confidentiality when it comes to your credit card information. Credit
card information is entered into a giving platform which accepts and processes credit card information
securely by immediately restricting access to the information from the point when it has been entered
and on an ongoing basis.
Information of Minors
GTRLC’s website is not directed towards minors under 16 years of age. Any minor wishing to submit
personal information to GTRLC must obtain parental consent.
Sensitive Information
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (e.g., social
security numbers, racial or ethnic status, political opinions, religion, health, biometrics or genetic
characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through GTRLC’s website and
platforms.
Retention Period
We retain Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy
Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. The criteria used to determine
our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide information
to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using the
Conservancy’s website or social media platforms);
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws
require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can
delete them); or
Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of
limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
Breach Notification
GTRLC values the trust that our customers place in us by letting us act as custodians of their data. We
take our responsibility to protect and secure your information seriously and strive for complete
transparency around our security practices. However, no security system is impenetrable and we
cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any information under our control
is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the
situation and, where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been
compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
Accessing, Correcting and Deleting Your Information
If you would like to access, correct or delete your personal information, please do not hesitate to
contact the Manager of Information Technology, Salesforce and Risk Analysis, at 231-929-7911 or by
emailing info@gtrlc.org. The supervisory body to address user complaints is the Conservancy Board of
Directors, and any complaint may be filed with the Manager of Information Technology, Salesforce
and Risk Analysis as the point of contact for the supervisory body.
When you contact GTRLC you may be required to provide some details to verify your identity. We
may not accommodate a request to change or delete information if we believe the change would violate
any law or legal requirement, cause the information to be incorrect or we are unable to verify your
identity.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
GTRLC will periodically review and update this Privacy Policy. If we do change the Policy, we will
post those changes to our website so our constituents are always aware of what information we collect,
how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We may also, in our sole
discretion, notify you of such changes via our mass email system. By continuing to access or use our
website after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
email signup
First Name:
Last Name:
Email:
Submit
X
We've updated our Privacy Policy. Take a moment to review it.
View Privacy Policy