http://www.comdig.org/privacy-policy/
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by using our contact form.
At ComDig.org we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by www.comdig.org and how we use it.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.comdig.org makes use of log files. These files merely logs visitors to the site – usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services’s analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referrer and exit pages, and potentially the number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies
ComDig.org does not use cookies.
Data Sharing
ComDig.org does not share your personal information with any third parties.
Children’s Information
We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity. www.comdig.org does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that www.comdig.org has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (using the contact in the first paragraph) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
California Privacy
If you reside in the state of California and you provide any personal information to www.comdig.org you may make a request for a list of any third parties that we have shared your personal data with.  You are allowed to make one such request per calendar year.  If you choose to make such a request you will need to state that you are a California resident and you will need to provide your current mailing address.  Please note that the list will always be empty as we do not share your personal information with any third parties.  You may make this request by contacting us via our contact form.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website and regarding information shared and/or collected there. This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
Updates
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: Wednesday, April 27th, 2016.
About Us The Internet has forever changed the way we live our lives.
We now spend huge amounts of time working, playing, learning, and communicating online.
Businesses, individuals, and other organizations are constantly creating new online tools and resources.
These massive digital collections allow anyone to access information that used to be very difficult or expensive to get, but they can also create privacy issues.
We focus on the pros and cons of a completely digital world.
We cover some of the amazing digital collections that are out there and we discuss privacy issues related to digital content.