http://www.chicagoenvironment.org/privacy/index.cfm
Privacy/Security Policy and Disclaimers
Web Site and E-mail Privacy Notice
We collect no personal information about you when you visit this web site, unless otherwise stated and unless you choose to provide this information to us. However, we collect and store certain information automatically. What we collect and store automatically is:
The Internet Protocol (IP) address of the domain from which you access the Internet (e.g. 123.456.789.012) whether yours individually or provided as a proxy by your Internet Service Provider (ISP),
The date and time you accessed our site,
The pages you peruse (recorded by the text and graphics files that compose that page), and
The Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our site.
We use the summary statistics to help us make our site more useful to visitors, such as assessing what information is of most and least interest to visitors, and for other purposes, such as determining the site's technical design specifications and identifying system performance or problem areas.
This information is NOT shared with anyone beyond the support staff to this web site except when required by law enforcement investigation, and is used only as a source of anonymous statistical information.
Comments Sent by E-mail
You may choose to provide us with personal information, as in an e-mail message containing your comments or questions. We use this information to improve our service to you or to respond to your request. There are times when your message is forwarded, as e-mail, to other Chicagoland Environmental Network representatives who may be better able to help you.
Except for messages sent in response to requests for public comments, or in the case of authorized law enforcement investigations, we do not share your e-mail, or your e-mail address, with any other outside organizations.
Disclaimer of Liability
With respect to documents available from this server, neither the Chicago Zoological Society, the Brookfield Zoo, the Forest Preserve District of Cook County nor any of their employees, makes any warranty, express or implied, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, or assumes any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process disclosed, or represents that its use would not infringe privately owned rights. Neither the Chicago Zoological Society, the Brookfield Zoo, the Forest Preserve District of Cook County nor any of their employees assumes any legal liability or responsibility for damages resulting from cyber security incidents involving this web site or the server on which it resides.
Disclaimer of Endorsement
Reference herein to any specific commercial products, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the Chicago Zoological Society, the Brookfield Zoo or the Forest Preserve District of Cook County. The views and opinions of authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of the Chicago Zoological Society, the Brookfield Zoo or the Forest Preserve District of Cook County, and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.
Home |
Volunteer Opportunities |
Jobs/Internships |
Teen Opportunities |
Events
Member Organizations |
Contact CEN |
Privacy Policy
The Chicagoland Environmental Network is administered by: