http://www.misco.com/index.php/about-us/privacy-policy
Skip to content PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITEVersion 12/01/12We consistently strive to develop new and innovative products and services as part of our commitment to better serve our customers. We recognize that privacy is an important issue, so we operate ourselves in a manner consistent with the protection of your privacy. We developed this Privacy Policy pursuant to applicable law regarding the collection and use of Personally Identifying Information (defined below) in those jurisdictions where we do business. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of Personally Identifying Information we gather when you use the MISCO web site, how we use that information, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard it. We urge you to read the Privacy Policy in its entirety and hope it will help you make an informed decision about sharing your Personally Identifying Information with us.This privacy policy is effective as of December, 2012. MISCO reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the MISCO’s services following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept these changes. MISCO will not notify you directly if there is a material change in our privacy practices with respect to use of the information you have provided to MISCO, however, we will conspicuously post these changes in our Privacy Policy and on our Website. These postings will occur on the MISCO website at least 30 days prior to any material change. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the MISCO practices, or feel that your privacy has been compromised, PLEASE CONTACT US IMMEDIATELY.Your privacy on the Internet is important to MISCO. As part of the operation of MISCO, certain pieces of information are gathered about the users registering to gain access to the site (individually, a “Registrant” and collectively, “Registrants”). This privacy policy contains explanations regarding the types of information collected, what is done with such information, and how to correct or change the information.By registering on the site, you are agreeing to receive targeted marketing via email from MISCO and you consent to MISCO employing its information collecting techniques in its continuing efforts to better serve you. If, after you have registered and consented to this privacy policy, you no longer wish to receive such marketing emails or do not consent to its information collecting techniques, please see the “opt-out” section below. Except as set forth in the “Limits of Confidentiality” section below, we do not use information about our members for any purposes unrelated to the services offered by MISCO.GENERAL PRIVACY PRINCIPLES ……………………………………………………………………………………………………………….AccountabilityMISCO is responsible for your Personally Identifying Information under its control. MISCO has appointed an officer who is accountable for MISCO’s compliance with this privacy policy. This individual can be reached by telephone at 440-349-1500, by regular mail at 6275 Cochran Rd., Solon, OH 44139, or using the CONTACT US form.Identifying Purposes“Personally Identifying Information” is information that individually identifies you, such as your name, company name, physical address, phone numbers, email address and any other information that would allow someone to identify or contact you. MISCO asks for your Personally Identifying Information so that it can understand your needs, determine if MISCO’s products and services meet your needs, inform you about its products and services that it believes may be of interest to you, or comply with the law. Of course, you may choose not to provide MISCO with Personally Identifying Information. However, this choice may prevent MISCO from providing you with the product, service or information you requested or that could be offered to you. Our server does not automatically record Personally Identifying Information. Such information can become known to MISCO via its websites only when you voluntarily submit it.ConsentYour knowledge and consent are required for the collection, use, or disclosure of your Personally Identifying Information. No information is collected without your express consent.Limiting CollectionMISCO only collects the information that it needs in order to deliver products, services and information to you, as well as offering customers the ability to instantly complete product registration online.Limiting Use, Disclosure and RetentionMISCO does not use or disclose your Personally Identifying Information for purposes other than those for which it was collected or as set forth in this privacy policy, except as otherwise set forth in this privacy policy under the heading Limits of Confidentiality, or as required by law. Your Personally Identifying Information is retained only as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes or as required by law.AccuracyYour Personally Identifying Information is kept as accurately and completely as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used. You have the right to update, modify, amend or correct errors in your Personally Identifying Information by contacting MISCO.SafeguardsMISCO protects your Personally Identifying Information by using safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. Each of our employees who has access to your Personally Identifying Information is informed about our Privacy Policy and procedures for protecting Personally Identifying Information.MISCO undertakes substantial efforts to protect the confidentiality of the identity, preferences and other information it has collected about individual Registrants and, except as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, will not knowingly allow access to this information to anyone outside MISCO as described below under the heading Limits of Confidentiality. MISCO has made a substantial investment in its server, database, backup and firewall technologies to protect our information assets, including the confidentiality of information collected about Registrants. These technologies are deployed as part of a sophisticated security architecture and protocol.Unfortunately, neither MISCO’s network nor data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect Registrant’s information, the MISCO cannot ensure or warrant the security of member information. Thus, any information a Registrant transmits to us is done so at the Registrant’s own risk. Once we receive Registrant information, we undertake substantial efforts to protect the confidentiality of this information consistent with this Policy.OpennessMISCO will make its complete policies and practices relating to the management of your Personally Identifying Information readily available to you.AccessUpon request in writing, either by email or letter, you will be informed of the existence, use or disclosure of your Personally Identifying Information and you will be given access to that information. MISCO will assist any customer who informs us that they need assistance in preparing a request concerning Personally Identifying Information. You may also challenge, in writing either by email or letter, the accuracy and completeness of the information and have it amended as appropriate, or request that MISCO delete or correct any Personally Identifying Information contained in your file.Challenging ComplianceYou may address any challenge concerning our compliance with this privacy policy using the CONTACT US form on this website.SPECIFIC PRIVACY POLICY……………………………………………………………………………………………………………….ScopeOur privacy policy applies to all websites owned and operated by MISCO and to any Personally Identifying Information collected by MISCO. It is designed to inform you of when, why, how and for what purpose MISCO collects Personally Identifying Information from visitors to its websites. It is also designed to inform you about the types of information that is collected about you at MISCO’s website. Finally, it is designed to inform you about our use of Personally Identifying Information collected at MISCO websites and to whom access to such Personally Identifying Information may be given. Our privacy policy is also designed to inform you about how you may access, amend, or delete Personally Identifying Information collected by MISCO and how you may limit MISCO’s use of your Personally Identifying Information.On occasion, MISCO’s websites are connected by “hyperlinks” to other companies’ websites. Please note that MISCO is not responsible in any way for the privacy practices of other websites and suggests that you review the privacy policies of those other companies’ websites before using them.What types of Personally Identifying Information does MISCO collect?On each visit to MISCO’s web site, MISCO collects certain limited non-personally identifying information your browser makes available whenever you visit a website. This log information includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, as well as the date and time of your visit. We use this information to operate, develop, and improve our website. This information does not include your Personally Identifying Information. Our server does not automatically record Personally Identifying Information. Such information can become known to MISCO via its websites only when you voluntarily submit it. No information is collected without your express consent.Warranty RegistrationIf you choose to register the warranty for a new MISCO product online, some of the information that we may collect from you is public information which is readily available in public directories such as name, address and telephone number. Other types of information that MISCO may collect from you is not currently found in publicly available directories such as your email address. In addition, MISCO may collect information on the product, including the model, serial number, and the date and place of purchase. MISCO may also ask you to share with us the nature of your business, the type of fluid you are testing, how you learned of MISCO, and the reason for making your selection. We offer you the option to tell us if you wish to receive any future email offers from us.“Contact Us” FormWhen you use the email form on MISCO’s website, we collect Personally Identifying Information from you and offer you an area to enter comments or questions.Shopping CartWhen you purchase products from MISCO online, we collect Personally Identifying Information as well as credit card or other payment information which we maintain in encrypted form on secure servers. We safeguard this information to ensure it is not disclosed to third parties, except in the limited circumstances described in the section on Information Sharing below.Login AccessWhen you purchase a product from MISCO, online, you will be given the opportunity to create a registered account or check-out as a guest. In either case, you will be required to submit that information that is usual and customary to complete the contemplated sale. If you opt to become a registered user, you will be given the opportunity to select a user name and password. On future visits to the MISCO website, your log-in information will identify you as a unique user. Registration is offered as a service to streamline your checkout process and provide you a history of past purchases. No credit card information will be stored in your registration profile.How does MISCO use your Personally Identifying Information?ConfidentialityExcept as set forth under the “Limits of Confidentiality” section below, or otherwise in this Privacy Policy, MISCO will not provide Personally Identifying Information about a Registrant to third parties. By making a purchase, requesting additional information, or communicating directly with MISCO after visiting our website, a Registrant is choosing to provide MISCO with Personally Identifying Information in such Registrant’s sole discretion.How we protect your informationMISCO may store and process Personally Identifying Information collected on our site on our own servers or on the servers of our Business Partners (defined below). Paper copies containing all or part of the Personally Identifying Information you supply to us may be made and kept in file cabinets as part of the course of normal business activity. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. The Personally Identifying Information that you provide to us, specifically your credit card information, is maintained on secure servers and protected by industry-standard Secure Socket Layer encryption. When entering personal information, look for “https://” at the beginning of the URL in your browser window as an indication that you are on a secure page. Our SSL certificate information can be found on our homepage. We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. We restrict access to your Personally Identifying Information to employees who need to know that information in order to perform their jobs and provide service to you.Limits of ConfidentialityIf you choose to share your Personally Identifying Information with us we may use it for the purposes of sending you requested information as well as occasional offers, announcement, technical bulletins and other similar purposes. We also will not give, rent, loan, or otherwise make available your Personally Identifying Information to third parties except in the limited circumstances described in this “Limits of Confidentiality” section, or with your consent.We may share such information in any of the following limited circumstances:(i) Marketing. As part of its day-to-day business activities, MISCO may share with third parties certain non-personally identifying log information your browser makes available whenever you visit our website.(ii) Transactions with MISCO. We may provide your Personally Identifying Information and credit card information to trusted businesses or persons (“Business Partners”) for the sole purpose of processing or storing personally identifying information on our behalf. These Business Partners include web site developers, internet service providers, banks and credit card processing companies, as well as other third parties we use to assist us in our mission of proving you with MISCO products and services. When we do disclose your information to others, it is with the understanding that those parties process such information only on our instructions and in an appropriate confidential and secure manner.(iii) Security. Due to the existing legal, regulatory and security environment, MISCO may disclose aggregate level and/or Personally Identifying Information about its Registrants to protect the rights, property or safety of MISCO, our customers, or the public.(iv) Sale or Transfer of Business: We may sell or otherwise transfer such information to a successor of MISCO, or any subsidiary or division of MISCO in connection with an asset sale, acquisition, merger, consolidation, divestiture, stock sale, purchase of part or all of the assets of the business, or other corporate transaction, or by way of assignment (whether by operation of law or otherwise) in connection with any such or similar transaction or in connection with the administration of a bankruptcy estate. In the case of such event, the Personally Identifying Information will become the property of the successor and will be subject to the successor’s Privacy Policy should they have one.Accessing your Personally Identifying Information once givenYou have the right to request information about the existence, use and disclosure of your Personally Identifying Information and to challenge the accuracy and completeness of your Personally Identifying Information, and to have your Personally Identifying Information amended where inaccurate or deleted from MISCO’s database. To do so, simply use our CONTACT US form. On each email you receive from MISCO, you will be given the opportunity to change, modify or delete information which you have previously provided to MISCO and you will also be given the opportunity to unsubscribe, thereby removing your email address permanently from our mailing list.What about cookies?A “cookie” is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer hard drive when you visit some websites. Our website will generate one or more cookies that will be stored on your computer for a limited time period.Opting-outEven after you have granted MISCO your consent to collect Personally Identifying Information, you may opt-out of having your Personally Identifying Information collected by contacting us by email or regular mail. Please note that in order to fulfill certain obligations, we may need to continue sending you notices or other important information concerning any orders or services you request. If you wish not to receive targeted marketing email from MISCO and wish not to have your information shared with third parties as set forth in this policy, you may use our CONTACT US form to terminate your registration. If you terminate your registration, you will no longer receive any communications from us unless you again register with us for products or information.Contact InformationIf you have any additional questions about this privacy policy, feel that information we have collected about you is incorrect, or wish to opt-out of future emails, please feel free to CONTACT US any time.Changes to this PolicyPlease note this Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time without specific notice. Search for:
ApplicationsRefractometersInline Process RefractometersDigital HandheldsOrder Handheld by Scale#Handheld Refractometer Parts and AccessoriesIRIS Inline Refractometer AccessoriesCalibrationHow to Order Refractometer CalibrationRefractometer Calibration LabCalibration TerminologyWhy Calibrate?Training + SupportQuestions AnsweredDigital RefractometersTraditional Analog HandheldTechnical BulletinsInstruction ManualsRefractometer Service & RepairAbout UsAbout MISCO RefractometerContact UsNews and Product AnnouncementsTrademarksTerms & Conditions of SalePrivacy Policy
Login
Newsletter
Login Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in Lost your password?Register Email address *
Password *
Register