http://www.nczoo.org/privacy-policy
Visit
Plan Your Visit
Directions & Parking
Zoo Map
Group Information
School Trips
Dining
Picnicking
Seasonal Tips
Accessibility Needs
Service Animals
Infant Care
Gift Shop
Plan Your Event
About the Zoo
About the Area
Zoo Guidelines
Visit Home
Experiences
Experience the Zoo
Habitats
Attractions
Art in the Park
Events
Zoo Tours
Feeding Times
View Experiences Home
Wildlife
Our Wildlife
Animals
Plants
Feeding Times
Animal Care and Wellness
Native Wildlife Rehabilitation
View Wildlife Home
Education
Education
Adult Education
Camps
Educator's Portal
Family & Group Program
Kidzone
Schools
School Trips
Scouts
Zoo School
View Education Home
Conservation
Conservation
International Conservation
Regional Conservation
Research
At the Zoo
Green Practices
What Can You Do
View Conservation Home
Search
Search
Skip to main content
×
Welcome y'all - We are open!
All guests, including members, will need to either reserve a time or purchase a timed entry ticket prior to visiting the North Carolina Zoo. Please take the time to review our reimagined guest experience and protocols before buying tickets to the North Carolina Zoo.  (Spanish)
Welcome y'all - We are open!
×
All guests, including members, will need to either reserve a time or purchase a timed entry ticket prior to visiting the North Carolina Zoo. Please take the time to review our reimagined guest experience and protocols before buying tickets to the North Carolina Zoo.  (Spanish)
Close
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
The North Carolina Zoo takes your online privacy seriously. So that you can understand what information we gather about you and what we do with it, we present you with this privacy policy.
What this Privacy Policy Covers and Doesn't Cover
This Privacy Policy covers the North Carolina Zoo's treatment of personally identifiable information that the North Carolina Zoo collects when you are on the North Carolina Zoo website.
This policy also covers North Carolina Zoo's treatment of any personally identifiable information that North Carolina Zoo's business partners share with the North Carolina Zoo.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that the North Carolina Zoo does not own or control, to people that the North Carolina Zoo does not employ or manage, or to sites that link to or from the North Carolina Zoo website.
Information We Collect and What We Do with It
The North Carolina Zoo collects personally identifiable information when you visit the North Carolina Zoo website and records this information in our web server logs.
This information includes your IP address, browser type, where you're coming to us from (the page you’re leaving), North Carolina Zoo cookie information and the page you requested. This information is collected so that we may provide you with the web page you've requested and so that we can gather information about the popularity of our site, who links to us and how people use our site in general.
The North Carolina Zoo may also use this information to inform you of new services, promotions or goods we offer. However, we don't communicate in this way to you without your prior permission.
Information Provided by You and What We Do with It
If you provide information, including personally identifiable information, via the North Carolina Zoo website for certain purposes, including, but not limited to, volunteer logins, donations, or purchasing of gift cards, memberships, or tickets, this information may be collected and processed by third party business partners of the North Carolina Zoo. North Carolina Zoo does not own, manage or control these business partners or their practices. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the North Carolina Zoo strives to work with business partners that ensure that your personally identifiable information remains secure and is not provided to other companies or people without your consent.
If you provide information, including personally identifiable information, via the North Carolina Zoo website for certain purposes, including, but not limited to, volunteer applications or request for contact, we may retain this information and use it to inform you of new volunteer opportunities, services, promotions or goods we offer. However, we don't communicate in this way to you without your prior permission.
Who We share Information With and Why
The North Carolina Zoo will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone.
Only to the extent necessary, the North Carolina Zoo will provide personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information;
We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested;
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of The North Carolina Zoo to provide a product or service to you. (Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.);
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process or requests for records in accordance with North Carolina’s Public Records laws; or
We find that your actions on our website violate The North Carolina Zoo Terms of Service.
Security
In certain areas, the North Carolina Zoo uses industry-standard encryption techniques to protect data transmissions.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The North Carolina Zoo may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages.