http://www.paclp.com/privacy-policy/view
PAC LP
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy describes our practices with respect to (i) the personal information we gather on our website (ii) the way we use personal information internally; and (iii) our policy regarding sharing your personal information with others.
We are committed to processing your information in accordance with international legal standards, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws and data protection codes of conduct.
We have implemented the practices set out in this Privacy Policy for our website and dependent pages (the "Site"). We have instructed our website administrator to include information regarding these privacy practices anywhere on the Site where Personal Information is collected.
This policy addresses our privacy practices relating to visitors to the Site and registered users of the Site. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" means any information that, by itself or in combination with other information, identifies or can reasonably be used to identify an individual, such as name, email address, IP address, telephone number, address, billing information or date of birth. Personal Information does not include information that is anonymized, or publicly-available information.
The term “Processing” means any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Information, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, use, organization, storage, alteration or destruction, disclosure, or transfer.
DECLARATION OF CONSENT
By submitting Personal Information and other information to the Site, you consent to the Processing of such information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
You may withdraw this consent at any time by notifying us at ContactHR[at]paclp.com.
COLLECTING COMPANY INFORMATION
Generally, you may browse the Site without providing any Personal Information. However, we may ask that you provide information, including, without limitation, Personal Information, at various times and locations through the Site. For example, if you decide to register with the Site to request information, you will be asked to provide information such as your name and email address. When using forms on the Site to communicate with us, you may choose to provide other Personal Information, such as your name, company name, mailing address, phone number, and email address. We may collect and store any Personal Information you input into the Site.
PROTECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take commercially reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information when you transmit it from your computer to the Site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Site may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on this site, it is your responsibility to safeguard them.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Personal Information collected by and through the Site may be used by PAC LP,
its divisions, holding companies, subsidiaries and affiliates, or other entities that are involved in the operation of the Site. We may use the information collected and provided, individually or in an aggregate form, in order to:
Contact you about the Site;
Notify you about important changes to the Site;
Evaluate products or services we could offer to you;
Monitor or improve use of the Site;
Compare and otherwise use data entered by users for any purpose including consulting, research and marketing;
Customize any advertising and content you see on the Site;
Provide specific information to you from us and/or our affiliates; and
Send you promotional material from us and/or our affiliates.
We do not sell Personal Information about you to unrelated companies for their independent use.
CORRECTIONS AND REQUESTS FOR PERSONAL INFORMATION OR ERASURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you want us to correct your Personal Information or other information, or if you would like us to provide you with a copy of the Personal Information that we hold about you, or if you would like the Personal Information that we hold about you to be erased, please contact us by sending us an email at ContactHR[at]paclp.com. We will respond to any such requests within 30 days of receipt.
PERSONAL INFORMATION RETENTION
Personal Information will be stored for as long as the information is required to fulfill our legitimate business needs or the purposes for which the Personal Information was collected, or for such period as is required by law.
DATA TRANSFERS TO COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE EU/EEA
Data entered on our website are transferred to a server in the U.S. and stored there. Your data may be used (see previous section “How We Use Personal Information”) by the Company and its divisions, holding companies, subsidiaries and affiliates, or other entities outside the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA) including in the U.S. Please note that in countries outside the country in which you live, and in particular outside the EU/EEA, a different standard of data protection might apply than the standard that you are used to in your own country. By completing and submitting the contact form on our website, you acknowledge and consent that data will be transferred across international borders, including to countries outside the EU/EEA.
DISCLOSING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
Any Personal Information that you provide to us will be used for our purposes only. Personal Information will not be shared with individuals or other companies other than those referred to in this Privacy Policy.
In some instances, however, we may need to provide Personal Information to third parties that we use to deliver specific products or services to you (such as shipping or direct mailing organizations). In such cases, our agreements with these third parties do not permit them to use Personal Information for purposes other than fulfilling those services or allow such third parties to further disclose your Personal Information.
DOMAIN NAME AND IP ADDRESS
We collect the domain names and IP addresses of our visitors for statistical purposes, to measure use, to improve the content or responsiveness of the Site, or to customize the content or layout of the Site for the individual visitor. We do not disclose this information to third parties. We may also aggregate information relating to our visitors' traffic patterns from the data that we collect and retain concerning the IP addresses and domain names of our visitors, and we may divulge such aggregate information about our users with third parties such as our business partners, distributors, and service and support providers.
LOG FILES
We maintain a log file of all actions that are initiated or facilitated using the Site, to capture, record and store data concerning the transaction. Access to this data is restricted to those who administer our network and public website, except that we may use and disclose this information to third parties in response to legal process or law enforcement inquiries, abuse of our website, or violation of any applicable Terms of Use or contractual provision you may have with us.
E-MAIL ADDRESSES
You should know that e-mail is not necessarily secure against all forms of interception. If your communication includes sensitive information about your company and you would prefer not to transmit this information in this fashion, please contact us by post or telephone rather than e-mail.
We collect email addresses that are: volunteered by the visitor; through e-mail messages addressed to us or our employees; through visitor responses via the "contact us" portion of the Site; or e-mail marketing destination web pages and public events. We use e-mail addresses for marketing purposes and to inform those interested in our products about events, products, services or other items of interest. We may also use e-mail addresses volunteered by our visitors to register the visitor for an extranet account, to process orders for brochures and other written materials, or otherwise to respond to a visitor's request.
On the Site we will ask you to consent to being contacted by us for promotional and marketing purposes. However, you may opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing emails at any time by notifying us as a reply to any unwanted e-mail, by using the unsubscribe function in our newsletter, contacting us at ContactHR[at]paclp.com. Requests to unsubscribe from PAC LP e-mails may take 5 business days to process.
COOKIES
A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. We use one type of cookie to maintain your login information for as long as you are using the Site. No Personal Information is stored in this cookie and the cookie is deleted from your computer when you leave the Site. Our second cookie type simply identifies you as you move throughout the Site, providing faster, personalized access to view various site pages.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).
Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the U.S. If the IP anonymization is activated, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. In exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the U.S.
On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html
https://www.google.de/intl/en_uk/policies/
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “anonymizeIp” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses within the EU and EEA (IP-masking)].
THIRD PARTY SITES
The Site may contain links to other third-party sites. When you click on one of these links you are visiting a website operated by someone other than us and the operator of that website may have a different privacy policy. We are not responsible for their individual privacy practices, so we encourage you to investigate the privacy policies of such third-party operators.
CHILDREN
Our website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to us through the Site. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not access, use, or provide any information on the Site or on or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us by sending us an email at ContactHR[at]paclp.com.
DATA BREACHES
Whilst every effort and measure is taken to reduce the risk of data breaches, we have dedicated controls and procedures in place for such situations, along with the procedures that are required to make notifications to the relevant Supervisory Authority and data subjects (where applicable).
CONTACT INFORMATION
Questions or comments regarding this Policy should be submitted to PAC by mail or e-mail as follows:
Petroleum Analyzer Company, LP  c/o Human Resources Department
8824 Fallbrook Drive
Houston, Texas 77064
ContactHR[at]paclp.com.
©2020 PAC L.P. All rights reserved.
Terms and Conditions
Warranty Terms
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use