https://www.dolphinresearch.org.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Dolphin Research Institute (DRI) is committed to respecting the right to privacy of all individuals and organisations and complies with the Australian Federal Privacy Act.
DRI does not collect personal information about our supporters and visitors to our web site which is not knowingly and purposefully supplied.
DRI does not pass on any information about our supporters to third parties without first seeking permission. If we were to use a service provider such as a mail house for mail outs we would only use an organisation which can guarantee your privacy.
DRI will contact you to provide updates and for fundraising and other purposes relevant to our operation. You may request that no, or only selective, contact is made with you.
Personal information submitted through forms on this web site or mailed, emailed or faxed to us are stored in our databases and files in DRI’s office in Hastings. All information is securely stored and can only be accessed by authorized members of the DRI for the purposes of servicing the interests of supporters of our organisation.
The Privacy Act entitles you to access information about yourself held by the Dolphin Research Institute. If you feel that this information is incorrect you may request for it to be updated or removed, if it is not required for statutory reasons.
You can access your information by writing to the
Privacy Officer
The Dolphin Research Institute
PO Box 77, Hastings, Victoria, Australia, 3915.
Or by calling 03 5979 7100
Login
Sign up
Forgot Password?
Sign In
I accept the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Sign Up
Lost your password? Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email.
Email Reset Link
CONTACT US
221, Mount Olimpus, Rheasilvia, Mars,
Solar System, Milky Way Galaxy
+1 (999) 999-99-99
PGlmcmFtZSBzcmM9Imh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lmdvb2dsZS5jb20vbWFwcy9lbWJlZD9wYj0hMW0xOCExbTEyITFtMyExZDYwNDQuMjc1NjM3NDU2ODA1ITJkLTczLjk4MzQ2MzY4MzI1MjA0ITNkNDAuNzU4OTkzNDExNDc4NTMhMm0zITFmMCEyZjAhM2YwITNtMiExaTEwMjQhMmk3NjghNGYxMy4xITNtMyExbTIhMXMweDAlM0EweDU1MTk0ZWM1YTFhZTA3MmUhMnNUaW1lcytTcXVhcmUhNWUwITNtMiExc2VuITJzITR2MTM5MjkwMTMxODQ2MSIgd2lkdGg9IjEwMCUiIGhlaWdodD0iMTAwJSIgZnJhbWVib3JkZXI9IjAiIHN0eWxlPSJib3JkZXI6MCI+PC9pZnJhbWU+
×
Thank You. We will contact you as soon as possible.
Send Message
COMPANY NAME
Dolor aliquet augue augue sit magnis, magna aenean aenean et! Et tempor, facilisis cursus turpis tempor odio. Diam lorem auctor sit, a a? Lundium placerat mus massa nunc habitasse.
Goblinus globalus fantumo tubus dia montes
Scelerisque cursus dignissim lopatico vutario
Montes vutario lacus quis preambul denlac
Leftomato denitro oculus softam lorum quis
Spiratio dodenus christmas gulleria tix digit
Dualo fitemus lacus quis preambul patturtul
CONTACT US
Send Message
×
Thank You. We will contact you as soon as possible.
COMPANY NAME
CONTACT US
Dolor aliquet augue augue sit magnis, magna aenean aenean et! Et tempor, facilisis cursus turpis tempor odio putonius mudako empero brutto populius giten facilisis cursus turpis balocus tredium todo.
SEND MESSAGE
×
Thank You. We will contact you as soon as possible.
×
Subscribe
We value your privacy and do not share
details. You may unsubscribe at any time.
Subscribe to our e-bulletin