http://www.esri.com/legal
Skip to Content
Legal
Menu
Overview
Terms of Use
Maintenance
Master Agreements; Product and Services Terms of Use
Product-Specific Terms of Use
Click-Through Master Agreement; Product Only, Multiple Languages
ArcGIS Maps for Power BI Terms of Use
State Supplemental Terms of Use
Data Attributions and Terms of Use
Services Terms of Use
Media Terms of Use
Web Link and Logo License Agreement
Training
Accessibility
Overview
Technology Overview
VPATs
Common Questions
Related Accessibility Web Sites
Legal Requirements
Open Source Acknowledgements
Esri Purchase Orders
Hardware
Vendor Code of Conduct
Contractor IT Security and Privacy Addendum
Export Compliance
Esri Legal
Overview
This page is designed to provide important information regarding License and Services Terms of Use, Export Compliance, Data Attributions and Terms of Use, and other legal concerns.
Esri's Legal team is committed to promoting solid business and legal relationships, strong leadership, and high-quality service. Our diverse team of business and legal professionals is here to help answer questions, identify conflicts, and proactively engage in conversations that move toward resolutions of issues. Our team continues to look for ways to provide our customers with the best user experience possible, including making our agreements easier to read and understand.
Master Agreement, Products and Services (E204)
Terms of Use for software, data, online services, training, professional services, managed services, and Advantage Program.
Product-Specific Terms of Use; formerly Exhibit 1 Scope of Use E300
A supplement to the Master Agreement describing the most current scope and limitations to specific software and online services.
Service Agreements
Services Only, Advantage Program, and Implementation Services.
Data Attributions and Terms of Use
Supplements and amends the data terms of use that Esri provides for use of data in conjunction with its software and online services.
Translated Click-Through Master Agreement, Products Only (E204CW)
Click-through Master Agreement for Products only that applies to orders for Software, Data and Online Services.
Voluntary Product Accessibility Templates (VPATs)
Export Compliance
Export Control Classification Number (ECCN) Matrix
Open Source Acknowledgments
Maintenance
All of your maintenance details.
Copyright and Trademark
Training
opens in new window