http://www.sou.edu/privacy-statement/
be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.18
86 ms
iy_2020; im_12; id_10; ih_23; imh_21; i_epoch:1607671268264
ixf-compiler; ixf-compiler_1.0.0.0
py_2020; pm_02; pd_18; ph_17; pmh_01; p_epoch:1582074099801
link-block; link-block_link-block; bodystr
pn_tstr:Tue Feb 18 17:01:39 PST 2020; pn_epoch:1582074099801
0 ms
be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.18
https://sou.edu/privacy-statement/
https://sou.edu/privacy-statement/
SOU Website Privacy Information
Privacy Statement
Southern Oregon University (SOU) is committed to protecting the privacy of its members and its visitors. In addition, SOU is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to its various websites under the sou.edu domain and to hosted websites officially branded and designated by SOU.
Information SOU Collects
General Visits
During general visits to the various SOU websites, SOU or one of its contracted hosting providers will automatically collect:
The Internet domain from which a visitor accesses the website (e.g. xfinity.com, comcast.net, etc.)
The IP address assigned to the visitor’s computer
The type of browser the visitor is using (e.g. Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge, etc.)
The date and time of visit
The address of the website from which the visitor has linked to one of SOU’s sites.
SOU incorporates Google Analytics into its sites, and thus in addition to the automatically collected information listed above, the following may be collected as well:
Pages and content viewed during the visit
Date and time of visit
Amount of time spent on the website
Visitor’s approximate geographic location based on IP address
Next website visited after leaving sou.edu .
How Automatically Collected Information is Used
Automatically collected information is used to optimize website performance, improve marketing, improve visitor experience and to monitor or trace security-related events.
Information Provided to SOU by Visitors
Various forms and applications are provided throughout sou.edu and its affiliated websites where visitors may elect to enter personally identifiable information (PII).
Examples of these applications and forms are not limited to:
Admissions applications
Financial Aid applications
Employment applications
Donation forms
How Visitor-provided Information is Used
Visitor-provided or personally identifiable information will only be used for legitimate university business or for the legitimate business of one of SOU’s affiliated programs (e.g. Athletics, Theater, Youth Programs, etc.).
Information Sharing
SOU does not sell the information it automatically or voluntarily collects. SOU does contract with third-party service providers for legitimate business purposes.
When necessary, SOU will share information with these providers. SOU contractually binds these providers to:
Adhere to current and proper data protection standards
Comply with data protection laws
Agree to not sell or share SOU information with other parties.
As required by law, SOU will also share information to protect the safety and property of the university, its community and its visitors.
Cookies and Advertising
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer (unless you block them). We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. You may disable cookies through your individual browser options or you can opt out of the collection and use of this information through tools like the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
REQUEST INFO
VIRTUAL TOUR
SEARCH SOUCampusNews
Events
Campus Map
Bookstore
SOU Housing
ResourcesRaider Student Services
Academic Calendar
Class Schedule
Hannon Library
Careers
Tools Inside SOU
Moodle
SISWeb
SOU Email
Technical Support
Scroll to top