https://www.socalgas.com/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy
Notice of Accessing, Collecting, Storing, Using and Disclosing Energy Usage Information
SoCalGas is Committed to Protecting the Privacy of Your Energy Usage Information
The Southern California Gas Company (SoCalGas) is committed to protecting your Energy Usage information and ensuring appropriate protection exists when collecting, storing, using and reporting that information.
SoCalGas defines Energy Usage as: detailed gas usage information obtained through our advanced metering infrastructures which have the capability of collecting daily or hourly usage information, associated with any information that can easily identify a person, place or business. An example would be detailed gas usage information combined with your name and utility account number.
To protect and ensure customer privacy, the CPUC issued “Rules Regarding Privacy and Security Protections for Energy Usage Data”. These rules, which are described in SoCalGas' Tariff Rule No. 42, prohibit SoCalGas and other California utilities from releasing Energy Usage information without the customer’s written consent except under certain circumstances.
Why SoCalGas Collects Energy Usage Information
Calculate Bills: To bill you, we must know how much gas you’ve consumed during the billing period.
System Planning and Operational Needs: We use Energy Usage information in order to operate and provide for the future development of our gas transmission and distribution systems.
Energy Efficiency: To plan, implement or evaluate SoCalGas Energy Efficiency programs.
Customer Information: To allow customers to see and manage their own Energy Usage information and better understand their energy requirements.
SoCalGas Retains Your Energy Usage Information Only as Long as Necessary
SoCalGas will keep your Energy Usage information only for as long as necessary to serve you and handle matters like billing disputes, inquiries and system planning. Retention periods vary based on the specific circumstances and business needs, but will most typically be for eight to ten years.
When SoCalGas Shares Energy Usage Information
Sharing with third parties: We may share Energy Usage information with various other companies to serve you. These companies include, without limitation, technology providers, consulting organizations, engineering firms, and energy-efficiency providers who are working with us to fulfill the primary purposes described above.
Occasionally, we may ask you for permission to share Energy Usage information with other companies not related to these purposes. These companies are required to protect your information by following policies and practices no less protective than SoCalGas’ policies.
Sharing at your choice: You can designate other companies to receive your information. When doing so, you should be diligent and only designate trusted third parties.
Sharing for other purposes: Additionally, we may release Energy Usage information: 1) pursuant to a legal process (such as a warrant or subpoena), 2) to emergency responders in the case of imminent threat to life or property, 3) as ordered by the CPUC, or 4) as otherwise required by law.
How to View Your Energy Usage Information Online
Residential and Commercial/Industrial Customers with installed advanced meters may view their Energy Usage data via My Account at www.socalgas.com/my-account/. Noncore Customers may view their Energy Usage data via SoCalGas’ Envoy® at www.socalgasenvoy.com.
How to View Privacy Notices Online
We will update this Notice as necessary and will inform customers of the update by posting the revised Notice on our website. We will also notify you annually to visit the most updated version of this Notice.
If you would like to receive a current or prior version of this Notice, have any questions or concerns about this Notice, or would like to find out how you can limit, view, or dispute your disclosed information, you may contact us at:
Email: [email protected]
Attn: Customer Privacy Program Manager
Southern California Gas Company
P.O. Box 1626
Monterey Park, CA 91754
Customer Service Representative
Residential Customers: 800-427-2200
Business Customers: 800-427-2000
Please also see our Website Privacy Policy regarding the privacy of the information gathered on our website.
Effective July 2014