http://www.novusbio.com/support/customer-service/privacy-policy.html
Skip to main content
Items in Cart (0)
[X]
Quick Order
Our GuaranteeCOVID-19 Research Tools
AntibodiesPrimary AntibodiesConjugated Antibodies
Sample Size Antibodies
KO Validated Antibodies
Recombinant Antibodies
Antibody Sampler Packs
Antibody Pairs
Secondary Antibodies
Isotype Control Antibodies
Proteins and PeptidesPeptides & Proteins
Blocking Peptides
Biologically Active Proteins
Lysates and Cell LinesLysates
Stem Cell Lines
KitsAntibody Labeling Kits
ChIP Kits
ELISA Kits
Flow Cytometry Kits
Exosome Kits
Activators and InhibitorsInhibitors
Activators
Support ProductsIHC Tissue Slides
IHC Microarrays
Western Blot Gels & Buffers
Western Blot Membranes
All Support Products
Bulk and Custom
Products
Our ProtocolsResourcesProtocols
Video Protocols
Troubleshooting Guides
Posters and Literature
Handbooks and Guides
Calculators
FAQs
Blogs
Diseases
Whitepapers
Antibody Concierge
Webinars
ToolsSpectra Viewer
Flow Cytometry Panel Builder
Laverne - Bioinformatics Tool
ApplicationELISA
Flow Cytometry
Mass Cytometry (CyTOF)
ICC
IHC
Western Blotting
InterviewsFaculty
Postdoc
Resources
View PathwaysBy Research AreaApoptosis
Autophagy
Cancer
Cell Biology
Cellular Markers
Epigenetics
Epitope Tags
Hypoxia
Immunology
Microbiology
Neuroscience
Stem Cells
By PathwayAKT
Apoptosis
Autophagy
ERK1/2/5 Pathway
Hedgehog
Hippo
JNK Pathway
mTOR
Necroptosis
NFKB Signaling
p38 Signaling
TGF Beta
TLR
Research Areas
Get RewardsCustomer Care100% Guarantee
Risk Free Testing
Novus Rewards Program
Publication Rewards Program
New Lab Discount
Scholarship
Travel Grants
Promotions
Customer Care
Novus CareersAbout usCareers
Collaborations
Events
Novus Story
Our Team
Philanthropy
Press Releases
Why choose Novus
About Us
Contact UsCustomer Service
Distributors
Technical Support
Contact
Home » Legal, Privacy and Cookie Notice
Legal, Privacy and Cookie Notice
Privacy Notice
Code of Conduct
Contact
Privacy Notice
The purpose of this Privacy Notice (“Notice”) is to provide visitors to this website and Bio-Techne customers information regarding the personal information that Bio-Techne may collect, how Bio-Techne uses and safeguards that data, and with whom we may share it. By providing your personal information to us, you agree that we may collect and use such personal information and other information in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Notice.
This Notice applies to all websites owned and operated by Bio-Techne Corporation (referred to as “we,” “us,” the “Company” or similar terms), including those with a homepage located and linked at www.bio-techne.com (the “Website”). This Notice does not apply to any other websites, and we make no representations as to the privacy practices of other websites.
Bio-Techne encourages our customers, suppliers, commercial visitors, business associates, investors and other interested parties to read this Notice. By using this Website or submitting personal information to Bio-Techne by any other means, you acknowledge your understanding and agreement to the practices described in this Notice, including that Bio-Techne may collect, process, transfer, use and disclose personal information as described. If you have specific questions or comments regarding the processing of personal information, you may contact Bio-Techne as provided below.
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
Personal information (also commonly known as personally identifiable information (PII) or personal data) is information that can be used to identify you, or any other individual to whom the information may relate. The personal information we may collected when you engage with the Website includes the following:
Contact Information (name, address, telephone number, email address, company/employer information, and similar information)
Billing Information (credit card, bank account, and similar information)
Order Information (current order/purchase information, purchase history, and similar information).
Other information that may be exchanged in the course of engaging with specific Bio-Techne campaigns or the Website. You will have notice of any subsequently collected personal information because it will come directly from you.
Except for some information automatically collected when you visit our Website, as described in the below section discussing non-personal information, all personal information Bio-Techne processes is collected directly from you. For example, we may collect personal information from you when you register on our site, place an order, open or update an account, subscribe to our mailing list, and/or respond to our customer satisfaction survey.
Please note that you should not submit to Bio-Techne any sensitive personal information relating to your (i) racial or ethnic origin (ii) political beliefs (iii) philosophical or religious beliefs (iv) membership of a trade union or political party (v) physical or mental health or genetic makeup (vi) addictions, sexual life or (vii) the commission of criminal offences or proceedings and associated penalties or fines, unless you have previously sent to us your written consent that we may process such personal information, if Bio-Techne determines consent to be a requirement of applicable law. If you provide such sensitive personal information to Bio-Techne, that personal information will be promptly deleted.
What is the Purpose of Collecting Personal Information?
We collect the above described personal information about Website visitors and customers in order to provide superior customer service. Specifically, we collect the above information for the following purposes:
to provide services to you;
to process and track orders;
to respond to your requests;
to support the operation of our business, such as for billing, account maintenance, and record-keeping purposes;
to send to you Bio-Techne and its affiliated brands’ solicitations, product announcements, and the like that we feel may be of interest to you (you may “opt out” of receiving these marketing materials);
personalize your experience on the Website, as well as maintain and improve the Website and various features (also a relevant purpose for collection of non-personal information).
In addition, where consistent with the laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdiction, Bio-Techne may use (and disclose to third parties as described in the next section) your personal information, if such use or disclosure:
is for an additional purpose that is directly related to the original purpose for which the personal information was collected;
is necessary to prepare, negotiate and perform a contract with you;
is required by law or the competent governmental or judicial authorities;
is necessary to establish or preserve a legal claim or defense;
is necessary to comply with a law, regulation, court order, or other legal process;
is part of a corporate restructuring, sale of assets, merger or divestiture;
is required to protect Bio-Techne’s rights or property, or
is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities, such as willful attacks on Bio-Techne’s information technology systems.
Bio-Techne does NOT SELL, RE-SELL, OR DISTRIBUTE FOR RE-SALE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
How do We Share Personal Information?
If you provide personal information to Bio-Techne as described above, we may share such personal information with third parties in order to accomplish the above stated purposes. In compliance with the laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdiction in order to support our relationship with you:
we may share personal information with our worldwide affiliates to provide service to you as well as better understand your business needs and how we can improve our products and services;
we may use third party service providers to assist us in collecting, assembling or processing personal information in connection with services related to our business relationship, such as credit card companies and shipping companies;
if you complete the “Credit Reference” section on the Website, you agree that we may contact the references listed and share your personal information with the references for the purpose of deciding whether to extend credit to you or to do business with you;
we (or a third party on our behalf) may use personal information to contact you about a Bio-Techne offer in support of your business needs or to conduct online surveys to understand better our customers’ needs;
we may share your personal information with third parties to assist us with marketing and promotional activities (though we will not permit those companies to use or retain your personal information for their own promotional activities); and
in the event of any prospective or actual merger, business or asset sale, divestiture, other changes in control or financial status, or re-organization, we may share or transfer personal information with the other party or parties involved.
Any time your information is transferred to a third party who is not an affiliate of Bio-Techne, we will require the recipient to protect the information consistent with this Notice. If you choose not to have your personal information used to support our customer relationship (especially direct marketing or market research), we will respect your choice. As indicated in the previous section, we do not sell your personal information to third parties, nor share it with third parties except as set forth in this Notice.
What Non-Personal Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use Cookies and Similar Technology?
Each time a computer visits this Website we may collect certain information from that computer. This information is automatically collected from the computer’s web browser and may include information such as the following (“non-personal information”):
the type of web browser software the computer uses (for example, Google Chrome or Internet Explorer);
the name of the domain from which the computer accessed the Internet;
the Internet address of the website from which the computer linked directly to the Website;
the date and time the computer accessed the Website.
This non-personal information does not identify who you are. We may use non-personal information to help us make the Website more useful to you and for other business purposes. For example, we may tell business partners how many computers visited this Website or what pages were most popular. We may prepare reports and other materials using non-personal information. We may use non-personal information for any other business purposes as described in the section on personal information and may share non-personal information with third parties.
Also, we may place a text file called a cookie in the browser files of computers that visit this Website. Cookies are pieces of data issued by a website that, among other things, allow your computer to utilize all the features on this Website. If and when your computer accepts a cookie, the cookie may be stored on the computer’s hard drive. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but some parts of the Website may not work properly for you if you do so.
This Website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Bio-Techne. Any information collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
In addition, third parties may place and read cookies on your browser or use web beacons or similar technologies to collect data, including, where applicable, for the Google Trusted Stores program.
Email and Link Information.
Using an email address you provide us, we may send you email newsletters or similar documents from time to time. These emails may include technology that permits us to track if and when an email has been opened, as well as whether the recipient clicked on any particular link or advertisement contained in the email. This information is tracked and used for statistical analysis, to generate sales leads, and to help us operate our business. The information gathered from these emails may result in a call or email from our sales staff to provide further information on products that our emails have identified you as having an interest in.
Opt-In for Advertising and Other Communications.
In certain circumstances, you agree that we, or the third parties who help us operate this Website and conduct business, may contact you for advertising or any other purposes through any and all contact information you provide to us, such as email, telephone, fax, or mail. If at any time you wish to opt-out of receiving such communication, you may amend your profile here or you may contact Bio-Techne at: privacy@bio-techne.com
International Data Transfer
In you are located outside the United States (US), in particular if you are located in Switzerland and the European Union (EU), please note that Bio-Techne is a US based company. We operate through our direct and indirect subsidiaries in countries within and outside of Switzerland and the EU (including the US) and may involve certain third parties located in those jurisdictions (as described above). If you use this Website, all information, including personal information, will be transferred to Bio-Techne (including subcontractors that may be maintaining and/or operating our Website) in the US or other countries around the world where we do business. Although this may include recipients of information located in countries where there may be a lower level of legal protection for your personal information than in your location country, we will protect your information in accordance with requirements of the law in your particular jurisdiction and take steps to only share with third parties that offer similar protection. By using this Website, you unambiguously consent to the transfer of your personal information and other information to the United States and elsewhere for the purposes and uses described herein.
EU Privacy Rights
If you are located in the EU, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) grants you certain rights under the law. In particular, the right to access, correct, delete, restrict processing of, and data portability of the personal information we hold about you. Bio-Techne will retain your personal information for the length of time you engage with our services until you request deletion of such personal data.
Upon request, Bio-Techne will grant you reasonable access to personal information that it holds about you. In addition, Bio-Techne will take reasonable steps to permit you to correct, amend, delete, restrict processing of, and request portability of the personal information we hold about you. Bio-Techne also relies upon each individual to assist in providing accurate updates of his or her personal information. In order to make a request regarding your personal information contact the following: privacy@bio-techne.com.
If you have a comment, question, or complaint about how Bio-Techne is handling your personal information, we hope that you contact us at privacy@bio-techne.com in order to allow us to resolve the matter. In addition, individuals located in the EU may submit a complaint regarding the processing of their personal information to the EU data protection authorities (DPAs). The following link may assist you in finding the appropriate DPA: http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080.
California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with certain rights with regard to your personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). Throughout this Privacy Notice you will find information required by CCPA regarding the categories of personal information collected from you, the purposes for which we use personal information, and the categories of third parties your information may be shared with. This information is current as of the date of the Notice and is applicable in the 12 months preceding the effective date of the Notice. Please note that the CCPA is not fully applicable to personal information exchanged in a business to business transaction. While Bio-Techne treats the personal information of all customers and Website visitors with the same degree of care, you may not be eligible for all the rights described herein if your personal information was obtained in a business to business transaction.
As a California resident, the CCPA provides you the ability to make inquiries regarding to your personal information. Specifically, the degree to which you have inquiries beyond what is already provided in this Privacy Notice, you have the right to request disclosure about the collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months, including:
the categories of personal information collected about you;
the categories of sources for the personal information collected about you;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information;
the categories of third parties with whom your personal information was shared;
the specific pieces of personal information collected about you;
if your personal information was disclosed for a business purpose, the personal information categories disclosed and the categories of third parties to which the information was disclosed;
if your personal information was sold in the past 12 months, the personal information categories sold and the categories of third parties to which the information was sold (NOTE: BIO-TECHNE DOES NOT SELL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION).
Please note that you may only make the above requests twice in a 12-month period. You also have the right to request that any of your personal information collected and retained be deleted, subject to certain exceptions. Finally, you have the right to not received discriminatory treatment by Bio-Techne or any business for exercising any of the rights provided under CCPA.
You may submit a request regarding your rights under CCPA by emailing us at privacy@bio-techne.com or mailing us at:
Bio-Techne
614 McKinley Place NE
Minneapolis, MN 55413
If we receive a CCPA request from you, we will first make a determination regarding the applicability of the law, and we will then take steps to verify your identity prior to responding. The steps to verify your identity may vary based on our relationship with you, but, at a minimum, it will take the form of confirming and matching the information submitted in the request with information already held by Bio-Techne and/or contacting you through previously used channels to confirm that you submitted the request (i.e. confirming identity through the email that we have on file, not the email submitted to make the request).
Your rights as stated here can also be exercised by an authorized agent on your behalf. Bio-Techne will follow the standards set by the Attorney General of California regarding designation of an authorized agent to exercise rights under CCPA. You may review information available through the Attorney General website (https://www.oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa) regarding how an individual can be designated as an authorized agent under CCPA.
In addition to CCPA, California residents may have certain rights with regard to marketing under California Civil Code § 1798.83. As noted above, we may disclose personal information about you, such as your email address, to third parties. If we disclose personal information about you to a third party and the third party will use that information for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to contact us at privacy@bio-techne.com to request that we notify you as to: (1) what categories of personal information we shared with the direct marketer; and (2) the name of the direct marketing businesses with whom we shared such information.
What Happens if the Privacy Notice Changes?
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time, though the version currently applicable is the one available on the Website. If we change this Privacy Notice, we will post the change on this section of the Website. This Notice is current as of January 2020.
What About Privacy on Other Sites?
This Website may contain links to other websites. We provide these links for your convenience, but we do not review, control, or monitor the privacy practices of websites operated by others. We are not responsible for the performance of these sites or for your business dealings with them. Your use of other websites is subject to the terms and conditions of those websites, including the privacy policies of those websites.
Are There Special Rules About Children's Privacy?
This Website is designed for an adult audience only, and anyone under 18 years old should not use this Website. We will not intentionally collect online any personal information (such as a child’s name or e-mail address) from children under the age of 13. If you think that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, please contact us as described below or as described in the Data Privacy Rights for EU citizens section.
Security
Your information is stored on servers located in the United States. We and our agents who help us with hosting and security use a number of industry standard, procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure, including use of encryption, "firewalls" and Secure Socket Layers. However, the security of information transmitted through the internet or via a mobile device can never be guaranteed. We are not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the internet or for changes to or losses of data. Users of the Service are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to password protected or secure areas of the Website. In order to protect you and your information, we may suspend your use of any of the Website, without notice, pending an investigation, if any breach of security is suspected.
User Conduct
You agree to follow the conduct rules listed below. If you fail to follow these conduct rules, Bio-Techne may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your account without refund, in addition to pursuing any other legal and equitable remedies including but not limited to money damages.
You will not knowingly provide or post any false, misleading, or fraudulent information.
You will not use this Site or any products purchased from Bio-Techne for any illegal purpose.
You will not hold yourself out as someone you are not or otherwise impersonate any living person.
You will not interfere or tamper with the functioning of this Site, nor will you attempt to gain access to information or control of the Site not specifically granted to you.
You will not use this Site to transmit any virus or similar destructive program or code.
Ownership and Use of Materials
The materials on this Site belong to Bio-Techne or its third party licensors. There are some important rules about using and copying these materials. Bio-Techne grants you a limited, revocable, license to download or print one copy of the materials on this Site, but only for the purpose of ordering products on the Site. When you download or print a copy of the materials on this Site, you must also include all copyright and other notices that are in the materials, including the copyright notice on the bottom of the page.
The materials on this Site are protected by United States and foreign copyright laws. If you use the materials in a way that is not clearly allowed by these Terms & Conditions and the license above, you are violating your contract with us and may be violating copyright, trademark, and other laws. In that case, Bio-Techne automatically revokes your limited license to use the materials and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made. Title to the materials remains with Bio-Techne or its third party licensors. All rights not expressly granted are reserved.
Site Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, BIO-TECHNE DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THE SITE DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE CONTINUOUS, UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE ACCESS TO THE SITE. THE OPERATION OF THE SITE MAY BE INTERFERED WITH BY NUMEROUS FACTORS OUTSIDE THE CONTROL OF THE SITE OR BIO-TECHNE.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL BIO-TECHNE OR ANY OF ITS EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT LOSSES OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE.
Password and Account Security
If you have an account through the Site, you are responsible for (i) keeping your account password confidential and secured, (ii) restricting access to your computer and (iii) keeping the e-mail address associated with that account current. You accept full responsibility for all activities that occur within your Site account and/or using your password.
If you forget your password you may request to have it reset. An email will be sent to the email address used to register your account with a link and instructions on how to change your password. We will not give passwords out over the phone, nor will we send them to a different e-mail address than the one used to register your account.
Links to Other Websites
This Site may contain links to websites operated by other parties. The linked websites are not under the control of Bio-Techne, and Bio-Techne is not responsible for the content available on any other websites linked from this Site. The appearance of the links does not imply Bio-Techne's endorsement of the material on any other website and Bio-Techne disclaims all liability with regard to your access to or use of such linked websites.
Advertising
This Site may include advertisements for products or services offered by other companies. Bio-Techne may receive payment from these advertisers. Although Bio-Techne believes you may find the information offered by advertisers to be helpful, Bio-Techne does not endorse or guarantee any product or service offered by advertisers.
Choice of Law/Disputes
Unless otherwise required by the laws in a particular jurisdiction, you hereby agree that the only proper jurisdiction and venue for any dispute with Bio-Techne, or in any way relating to your use of this Site or to products purchased from Bio-Techne, is in the state and federal courts in the State of Minnesota, U.S.A. You further agree and consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in these courts in connection with any dispute involving Bio-Techne or its affiliates, employees, officers, directors, agents and providers. Any claims relating to the information, services or products available on this Site will be governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota, excluding the application of its conflicts of law rules. You agree that any cause of action arising out of or relating to these Terms & Conditions or your use of the Site will be commenced by you within one (1) year after such cause of action arose. Actions not commenced by you within one (1) year are permanently barred. This paragraph survives expiration or termination of these Terms & Conditions.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Notice or the services provided by our Website please contact Bio-Techne at: privacy@bio-techne.com.
Bio-Techne Supplier Code of Conduct
Effective February 2017
Bio-Techne Corporation values integrity and ethical business conduct. They are the foundation of our business, and Bio-Techne expects that our suppliers hold these same values. This Supplier Code of Conduct briefly summarizes Bio-Techne’s expectations of our suppliers, all of which are in line with our corporate values.
This Supplier Code of Conduct applies to suppliers of all of Bio-Techne’s brands and affiliates, including: Bio-Techne, R&D Systems, Advanced Cell Diagnostics, Novus Biologicals, Tocris Biosciences, ProteinSimple, Cliniqa, Bionostics, and BiosPacific.
Environmental Protection
Supplier will comply with all applicable environmental, health and safety laws, rules, and regulations.
Child Labor
Supplier will not employ under-age labor as described in Minimum Age Convention 138 and Worst Forms of Child Labour Convention 182 of the International Labour Organization.
Forced Labor/Human Trafficking
Supplier will comply with all applicable labor laws, rules, and regulations, including but not limited to, all laws forbidding the solicitation, facilitation, or any other use of slavery or human trafficking, as those terms are used in the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010, California Civil Code, section 1714.43.
Discrimination
Supplier will provide equal remuneration and will respect, within the framework of local laws and established practices, equal treatment of employees and not engage in unlawful discrimination.
Commercial Bribery
Supplier will comply with all applicable anti-corruption laws, rules, and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Anti-Bribery Act and those enacted under the OECD Convention on Combatting Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions.
Responsible Sourcing
Bio-Techne supports responsible sourcing practices, which includes compliance with the Conflict Minerals provision of the Dodd-Frank Act. As a result, suppliers will design and implement reasonable processes to ensure all products supplied to Bio-Techne are “DRC Conflict Free” as defined under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Supplier will assist Bio-Techne with its conflict minerals compliance by making a reasonable, good-faith effort to answer any questions and to provide all materials requested by Bio-Techne regarding this initiative.
Monitoring and Compliance
Bio-Techne suppliers may never engage in any activity prohibited by this Code of Conduct by knowingly employing – or failing to impose appropriate corrective action, up to and including termination, upon a subcontractor or supplier who performs the prohibited activity on behalf of the Bio-Techne supplier.
Compliance with Laws and Regulations
Supplier will comply with all applicable laws, regulations, rules, guides, ordinances and/or standards. Upon request by Bio-Techne, Supplier will also provide to Bio-Techne any and all information or material required for Bio-Techne, or its customers, to comply with all laws, regulations, rules, guides, ordinances and/or standards.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments regarding the Site, the products offered, or Bio-Techne, please contact us at:
Bio-Techne
614 McKinley Place NE
Minneapolis, MN 55413
USA
TEL 612 379 2956
Toll-free 800 343 7475
FAX 612 656 4400
Email info@bio-techne.com
PRODUCT AVAILABILITY: Update Regarding the Evolving COVID-19 Situation
Bio-Techne appreciates the critical role that you and our products and services play in research efforts to further scientific innovation and discovery. We are continually assessing our manufacturing and supplier capabilities during the COVID-19 situation and are implementing precautionary measures to ensure uninterrupted supply of products and services. Currently, and as we abide by local shelter in place orders across the world, we are fully operational and do not anticipate any material supply disruptions across our Bio-Techne brands and product lines. As the situation evolves, our goal is to utilize preventive measures to reduce the threat that COVID-19 poses to our ability to meet the needs of our customers globally.
Bio-Techne
WHERE SCIENCE INTERSECTS INNOVATIONTM
Close
Need help?
×
How can we help you?
Close
Start Chat
Popular Products
Company Information
Support
Stay Connected
AntibodiesSecondary AntibodiesIsotype ControlsProteins and PeptidesELISA KitsSample SizeNew Products
About UsCareersNovus GuaranteeContact UsOur Team
Technical SupportFAQsBioInformaticsHelp Finding AntibodiesProtocols
Visit our other sites
©2020 Novus Biologicals, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions