https://www.whitcher-wildlife.co.uk/privacy-policy/
01226 753271
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Our Important Privacy Policy
This statement explains what personal information we collect and how we may use it.
Who we are
Whitcher Wildlife Ltd is a limited company registered in England and Wales (4401613) at Cliff Edge, Cliff Road, Darfield, Barnsley, S73 9HR. To make this policy easier to follow we shall refer to Whitcher Wildlife Ltd as WW and the website user/client will be referred to as "the user", "you", or "your".
WW is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you. We strictly adhere to the requirements of the data protection legislation in the UK.
How we collect data
When you make an enquiry with WW either via phone, email or via our website contact form, we need to know your name, company name, telephone number, e-mail address and nature and location of enquiry so that we can provide a quotation for services that you require from us. You have the option to withhold personal information that is not required for the request.
What we do with your data
We only use your personal information to communicate with you regarding your enquiry or services that you have requested from us. We will not use your data for marketing purposes unless we have your consent. We do not sell, rent or exchange your personal information with any third party for commercial reasons.
If you have made a purchase with WW we securely store your personal information within our accounting software which we use to create invoices and track incoming payments with.
Sensitive information
We do not collect sensitive information about you except when you specifically knowingly provide it. In order to maintain the accuracy of our database, you can check, update or remove your personal details by contacting WW at any time.
Security procedures
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access in accordance with the UK data protection legislation.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about privacy please contact us by emailing us, using our contact form or by calling us on 01226 753271.
What are 'Cookies' and how we use them
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages. We use cookies to keep track which pages you have visited, and to remember you when you return to our site. Please note that cookies can't harm your computer in any way.
We don't store personally identifiable information in cookies we create, but we do use encrypted information gathered from them to help improve your experience of the site. For example, they help us to identify and resolve errors, or to determine relevant related products and services to show you when you're browsing.
This information is part of our effort to comply with legislation, and to make sure we're honest and clear about your privacy when using our website.
Meet Our Team
We invite you to meet our team of passionate individuals that are here to help.
More info
Latest News from Twitter
1 Year ago: Another pub lost and soon to become residential housing. #bat #bats #development #surveys #batsurvey #sunset https://t.co/Ay9JGxYp19
Read More