http://www.columbuszoo.org/privacy-policy
Know Before You GoPlease note: Starting Monday, November 16, to enter the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium, The Wilds and Safari Golf Club, if you are medically able and 10 years old and older, you are required to have a mask that covers your nose, mouth and chin for the duration of your visit while on Zoo grounds. In addition, please adhere to social distancing and stay 6 feet from other people who are not from your household. Please visit our Reopening Plan under the Visit tab for more information.
Privacy Policy
This site is operated by The Columbus Zoological Park Association dba Columbus Zoo and Aquarium that operates www.columbuszoo.org, www.safarigc.com, www.zoombezibay.org and www.thewilds.org.
Our postal address is:
P.O. Box 400, Powell, Ohio 43065.
We can be reached via e-mail at: info@columbuszoo.org.
Our telephone number is:
614-645-3550.
We recognize the importance of information privacy to all of our guests. Except where permission is knowingly and expressly given via acceptance of specific terms and conditions of use while in the course of conducting normal business, we do not collect personally identifying information about online visitors to our web sites.
Additionally, we respect the privacy of children and do not collect any more personal information about them than reasonably necessary to participate in specific programs and activities. Online users under age 13 are prohibited from providing any personal information to our web sites and should seek the assistance of a parent or legal guardian prior to performing any online transactions with us.
Any personally identifying information received from the parents of children less than 13 years of age will be used to respond to the specific request and not be shared with any outside agency other than those providing support of internal operations of the web site and our agents (e.g., contractors who provide fulfillment services or technical support). Parents who have questions regarding any information collected about their children may make inquiries directly to info@columbuszoo.org.
It is our policy to not allow outside organizations to collect personal identifying information at our sites unless we contract with them to do so for our use in conducting our internal business functions.
In the course of doing business, we may utilize cookies, which are small bits of information sent to the browser by web sites, to provide a better online experience to our web users through monitoring site usage, traffic patterns and aggregating data to better understand our guests to the extent it serves our legitimate business purposes. Any public disclosure of aggregate information will not include any personally identifiable information. Examples of information which may be automatically collected include, but are not limited to, type of operating system, type of browser, IP address, device type and links clicked. Cookies may be disabled through the web user's specific browser. Doing so may cause some sites, or functions of sites, to not function as expected.
This policy applies only to www.columbuszoo.org, www.safarigc.com, www.zoombezibay.org and www.thewilds.org, and it is not applicable to any partner or sponsor sites to which we may link. It may be changed at any time by posting a policy with new terms, and any information previously collected will be subject to the new policy.
Last revised:October 8, 2020
Copyright © 2010-2020 The Columbus Zoological Park Association. All rights reserved.
Terms and Conditions
Trademarks
The Columbus Zoo and Aquarium logo is a federally registered trademark of The Columbus Zoological Park Association (“Columbus Zoo”). Other images, titles, names and company names mentioned on this site may be the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. The trademarks of the Columbus Zoo may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior express written consent of the Columbus Zoo.
Use Limitation
You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any images, graphics, files, products, information or services obtained from this site without the prior express written permission of the Columbus Zoo. By using this site you further agree that you will not “frame” any of the content of this site with advertising, promotional material, information or other content without the prior express written consent of the Columbus Zoo.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
As a condition of your use of this site you warrant to the Columbus Zoo that you will not use this site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms and conditions. Further, by using this site you agree that you will not violate or attempt to violate the security or integrity of the site, including, without limitation, accessing data not intended for users of the site; attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the site to security breaches; attempting to interfere with service to users of the site (including, without limitation, submitting a virus or corrupted data to the site, overloading the site or continuously posting repetitive material on the site); attempting to decompile, disassemble or otherwise reverse engineer the content or software comprising or making up any part of the site; and sending unsolicited advertising or other communications to users of the site.
Liability Disclaimer
The Columbus Zoo makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content materials or products included herein which are provided on an “AS IS” basis. The Columbus Zoo to the full extent permissible by applicable law, disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement and merchantability. The Columbus Zoo will not be liable for damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages or damages for loss of use, data or profits arising in any way connected with the use or performance of this site. The Columbus Zoological Association does not endorse and assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or content of the views, opinions, comments, recommendations or suggestions posted on this site by users or others.
Links to Third-Party Sites
This site contains links to third-party sites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you, and the inclusion of any such link does not imply endorsement by the Columbus Zoo of such third-party site(s) or the contents thereof. The Columbus Zoo is not responsible for the contents of the linked third-party vendor site(s) and makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the contents, accuracy or functionality of the linked third-party vendor site(s). If you use the linked third-party vendor site(s), you do so at your own risk.
Access Restriction
The Columbus Zoo in its sole discretion, reserves the right to deny any user access to this site or any portion thereof without notice.
Submissions of Photos or Stories
By posting a photograph or zoo story to any Columbus Zoo web site (a “Submission”), each contributor grants the Columbus Zoo and its affiliated entities (Zoombezi Bay, Safari Golf Course, the Wilds) a non-exclusive, sub-licensable, royalty-free, unlimited, worldwide license, without limitation or further permission or compensation, to reproduce, publish, display, edit, adapt, modify, distribute, develop, make derivative works from and otherwise use or not use his/her Submission in whole or in part for any commercial or non-commercial purposes in any manner and in any medium now known or hereafter devised throughout the world in perpetuity.  Each contributor agrees not to instigate, support, maintain or authorize any action or lawsuit against the Columbus Zoo or any of its above affiliated entities on the ground that any use of his/her Submission infringes any of his/her rights as creator of, or subject in, such Submission.
By posting a Submission, unless otherwise prohibited by law, each contributor grants the Columbus Zoo and its affiliated entities, the right, without limitation or further permission or compensation, to use and publish the contributor’s name and/or social media name or identity for promotional, advertising, publicity and marketing purposes in any manner in commerce and in any medium now known or hereafter devised throughout the world in perpetuity without limitation and without further notice or approval. These consents are perpetual and cannot be revoked. Contributor acknowledges that he/she will not now or in the future be paid or compensated in any way for a Submission or for granting the Columbus Zoo and its affiliated entities any of the rights set out herein. If Contributor does not agree to these terms and conditions, he/she should not post any Submission.
Representations of Submissions
By posting a Submission, the contributor represents and warrants to the Columbus Zoo that his/her Submission: (a) is the contributor’s 100% original work (modifying, enhancing or altering a third party’s preexisting work does not qualify as the contributor’s original work); (b) has not been previously published; (c) does not infringe upon the copyrights, trademarks, rights of privacy, publicity or other intellectual property or other rights of any person or entity, and (d) does not trigger any reporting or royalty obligation to any third party.
Contributor further represents and warrants to the Columbus Zoo that the rights that he/she is granting do not conflict in any way with any other agreement to which he/she are a party or with any commitments, restrictions or obligations that he/she are under to any other person or entity.  If a  Submission contains an image or representation of an identifiable feature of a person other than the contributor (for example, if enough of someone else’s face is shown that makes that person identifiable), then contributor represents and warrants to the Columbus Zoo that contributor obtained the express approval of that person before posting the Submission.
Contributor agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Columbus Zoo from any claims that the any of the foregoing representations and warranties are not accurate.
Modification of these Terms and Conditions
The Columbus Zoo reserves the right to make changes to this site and the terms and conditions herein at any time. Prices on this website are subject to change.
Applicable Law
This site is created and controlled by the Columbus Zoo in the State of Ohio, U.S.A., and as such the laws of the State of Ohio govern these terms and conditions without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
Last revised: October 8, 2020
Copyright © 2010-2020 The Columbus Zoological Park Association. All rights reserved.
November 20 - January 3
WILDLIGHTS efficiently powered by AEP OHIO
5:00 PM - CLOSE
December 26 - 28
FIRST RESPONDER
AND PUBLIC SAFETY APPRECIATION presented by T-Mobile
10:00 AM - CLOSE
January 10
WORKOUTS FOR WILDLIFE featuring Cheetahs at Safari Golf Club
9:00 AM - 1:30 PM
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Pinterest
<!-- Pixel Name: 3.9.17 2017 Columbus Zoo Universal Pixel -->