http://www.iesanz.org/quick-links/privacy-policy-1
Skip to content
IESANZ Ltd Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
As the operator of its website IESANZ needs to obtain and retain information about those who are using its website.
IESANZ recognises the importance of protecting that information.
We know you may be concerned about what we do with that information.  You have our assurance that we will not disclose the information and will use reasonable endeavours to prevent the disclosure of the information except to the extent:
Indicated at the time of supply of the information to us;
Expressly permitted under any agreement with you;
Required for performance by us of any service for you;
Required for the ordinary operation of our website or our business;
Required under compulsion of the law or provided in cooperation with any government authority;
Or where it is already publicly available or is disclosed by IESANZ in a manner that does not readily permit identification of information relating to you. Subject to the above overriding prohibition on disclosure IESANZ may use the information as it sees fit for the purposes of our business.
Cookies
Our website does not use cookies.  When  you visit it, information may however be recorded for statistical purposes regarding your server address, domain name, date and time of visit, previous site visited and browser type.
The following disclaimers also apply:
From time to time the IESANZ website may contain kinks to other websites.  IESANZ is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those websites;
Although IESANZ has implemented substantial security measures in relation to the information, as the website is linked to the internet and the internet is inherently insecure, IESANZ cannot and does not provide any absolute assurance regarding security of the information.   IESANZ will not be liable in any way in relation to any breach of security or unintended loss or disclosure of information due to the website being linked to the internet;
IESANZ accepts no responsibility for unauthorised use of any password or other security mechanism provided to you, other than by IES staff or officials.
This website policy is subject to amendment at any time.  Any amendment will be made on a prospective basis only, that is to say, all information received or retained before the time of any amendment will remain subject to the privacy policy applicable before the amendment;
This website privacy policy is separate from our policy regarding personal information (for the purposes of the Privacy Act 1988) and does not override any rights you may have under that Act.