https://www.birdmites.org/privacy-policy.html
“Dedicated to finding effective solutions for bird mite infestations of humans and their environment, encouraging those afflicted, facilitating research and a better understanding of human parasitosis.”
Privacy Policy
At birdmites.org we are dedicated to protecting your data and privacy.
We recognize that your privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use birdmites.org, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. This will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
birdmites.org strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our customers’ and online visitors’ privacy on our website.
About Our Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that birdmites.org stores on your computer, which your browser provides to mirror-mirror.org each time you return to the site. We use cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their use of our website, and their website access preferences.
Google Analytics Cookies
birdmites.org uses Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics collects demographic and interest data, and generates statistical and other information about website use, by means of cookies. These cookies are kept on your computer. We share this information with Google, which will store and use this information on its servers. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://policies.google.com/privacy
birdmites.org uses information from Google Analytics to track the number of visits to the website, browsers and operating systems. No personally identifiable information is obtained from these cookies. We use the information that Google Analytics generates relating to our website to create reports about the use of the site. These reports allow us to update the site and improve your usage of it.
If you do not wish your data to be collected via Google Analytics, you can install its opt-out browser extension or add-on… https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Advertising Cookies
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our website. These companies use cookies and web beacons in their ads to ascertain how many times you’ve seen an advertisement. We share this information with these companies, but do not provide them with any personally identifiable information for cookie or web beacon use, so they cannot personally identify you with that information from our website.
You may opt out of personalized ads for over 125 different ad networks. Click here to do that.
Some third-party advertisements are served by Google. Google’s cookie enables it to serve ads to our visitors based on their visits to other sites on the Web. You may opt out of personalized ads by visiting the Google ad opt-out page.
This link from Google provides more information about how Google manages data in its ad products.
Affiliate Products and Services
We receive an affiliate commission for some of the products/services sold on birdmites.org.
The affiliate services platforms we use are Amazon, Naturasil and HomeAdvisor.
By clicking on a product or service link, you consent to that platform’s use of cookies, as outlined in the link below.
Amazon privacy policy
HomeAdvisor privacy policy
Naturasil privacy policy
Refusing Cookies
You can set your browser to accept or refuse all cookies automatically, or notify you when a cookie is being requested. Taking this action should not cause a problem with the continued use of our site. Consult the Help section of your browser for guidance on how to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is requested.
If you choose to refuse birdmites.org’s cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.
Personally Identifiable Information
birdmites.org may collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our site.
To display content on the site correctly.
To improve customer service.
To help us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize your user experience.
To understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site.
To improve our site.
To improve our products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other site feature.
To send information to you that you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you.
To send periodic emails, which may include electronic newsletters and/or autoresponder series of emails.
To respond to your enquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
birdmites.org may collect personally identifiable information from you in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when you visit our site, register on the site, or fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our site.
If you complete a form, we will require your name and your email address, and will ask for information relevant to the purpose of the form.
If you submit content to us, we will ask for your name and email address. Photos you include with your submission, or details in your submission, may personally identify you.
This site lets you share content with your friends and followers on various social media platforms. Below are links to the privacy policies of each platform:
AddThis
Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Tumblr
Linkedin
Google/Google+
You can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information and visit our site anonymously. However, it may prevent you from engaging in certain site-related activities.
If we make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information, we will inform you by placing a notice on our site. We will use personal information received from you for internal purposes only and will not sell it or provide it to third parties.
We also collect each visitor’s IP address, which helps us combat spam and fraud. We do not use IP addresses for any other purpose.
birdmites.org contains links to other websites that may be of interest to you. However, once you have used them to leave our site, we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide while visiting such sites. These sites are not governed by this privacy statement. Always exercise caution by reviewing the privacy statement of the website in question before continuing to use it.
Non-personally Identifiable Information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you whenever you interact with our site. Non-personally identifiable information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about your method of connecting to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider you used, and other similar information.
Children’s Privacy Protection
This website is directed to adults. It is not directed to children under the age of 16. We operate our site in compliance with current regulations. Anyone under the age of 16 must provide parental consent to use this site. We do not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from anyone under 16 years of age.
Release of Information
If we sell birdmites.org, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale so that the service provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make.
Data Storage
Personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information collected by this site is stored on our host’s servers. That host is Hostgator, located at 5005 Mitchelldale, Suite 100, Houston, TX 77092 United States of America.
Some information is collected by third-party services. These include AddThis and HomeAdvisor.
How You Can Correct or Remove Information
We provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your personally identifiable information. If you have submitted personally identifiable information through our website and would like to update that information or have it deleted from our records, please use our Contact Form to request the update or deletion.
Updates and Effective Date
birdmites.org reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our cookie and privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that those practices have changed and provide a link to the updated privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to birdmites.org’s privacy policy as posted here on this website, please do not consent to the setting of cookies and the collection and storage of your personally identifiable information.
Your explicit consent indicates acceptance of this privacy policy in its entirety.
Last updated: July 2, 2018
Recommended Treatment Provider
We recommend you use a licensed professional to address a bird mite problem. Don’t wait or the problem will get much worse and more expensive to treat. We have a list of pest control companies that are specifically qualified to treat bird mites.
They come to your house for no charge and give a free estimate.
Even if you decide not to use them, you get free professional advice.
Most pest control companies have never dealt with bird mites before. You need to use a bird mite specialist.
Follow this link to find a Qualified Local Exterminator near you.
Keep in mind that if bird mites are not treated correctly, even if the correct chemicals are used, they can become resistant to those chemicals. Don’t use a pest control company unless they have extensive experience treating bird mites.
Also, many of our readers have followed up with (or used outright) natural solutions and pesticide-free, such as on our Treatments Protocols page Follow this link to that page.
Natural and DIY Solutions
In addition to local exterminators, we offer a list of other natural, non-pesticide and/or do-it-yourself products that we have found helpful on our Treatments Protocol page.  Follow this link to the Treatments Protocols page.
Subscribe for up-to-the-minute info when we get it...
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First name
*
Helpful Resources
Treatment Protocols Find a qualified exterminator Frequently asked questions Infestation tips & strategies Share your story