http://www.holotropic.com/order-terms/
Grof Transpersonal Training > Order Terms
Returns
You may return any item within 15 days of receipt provided it is unused, in original packaging and in original condition suitable for resale. You will need to contact us at orders@holotropic.com for a return authorization number (RMA). Please return the product with a copy of your receipt, and a short note of explanation. We do not refund shipping fees or insurance fees. The shipment to us should be insured, prepaid and well packaged with the RMA written on the outside of the package. On receipt of item in accordance with above conditions, we will refund the purchase price less the shipping/handling fees to your original credit card used or issue a store credit for the item cost. You can also request an exchange for a different item; the choice is yours. Our returns address is Holotropics, 38 Miller Ave PMB 516, Mill Valley CA 94941.
We can not replace or refund International Orders that don’t arrive: While nearly all international orders reach their destination, there have been a few instances when orders go missing. International orders are shipped by US Postal Service International Priority Mail, which does not supply tracking numbers. If you want to track your package and pay the additional for tracking, let us know. Otherwise, you are ordering at your own risk.
If you have a query on a charge or credit from us on your credit card statement that you don’t recognize, please contact us first via email at orders@holotropic.com before contacting the credit card company so we may resolve the issue immediately.
Privacy and Security
We respect the privacy of our customers and do not share any of your information with third parties. We may contact you via mail or email to provide you with information on events or products. If you do not wish to be contacted, please email us, and your name will be removed and your request honored.
Financial transactions using the order form on our website is via a secure server. If you are uncomfortable with using the internet/electronic shopping service, please see our order placement information for other options.
Like it? Share —
HomeGTT
About GTT Experience GTT Become a facilitator Continued Professional Development People at GTT
Directors Circle of Advisors Teachers, staff, and coordinators Guest teachers
GTT History and Founders
Christina Grof (deceased) Stanislav Grof (emeritus)
Holotropic Breathwork®
About Holotropic Breathwork® CPD Current Certified Facilitators All Facilitators
Events
List of all upcoming events by date Archive
Media
Articles and research Photo Gallery News Video Audio
Shop
Books Music Spoken Audio & Video Decks and more Training manuals Consultation
Consultation with Tav Sparks Consultation with Cary Sparks
More
Testimonials Contact GTT Links Privacy Notice