https://www.fiixsoftware.com/legal/privacy/
Product
Overview
CMMS
Mobile
Features
Asset management
Work order management
Parts and supplies management
Reporting
Integrations
Fiix Foresight NEW
Fiix app exchange NEW
Pricing
Support
Training and implementation
Help center
Resources
Resource center
Ebooks
Blog
Case studies
Partners
Fiix for enterprise
Free tour
Request a demo
Contact us
Login
Privacy Policy
Fiix / Legal / Privacy Policy
Fiix Inc. is in the business of supplying industrial and corporate sectors with professional grade software and services for maintenance management of assets and inventory. Fiix Inc CMMS runs as a software-as-a-service that securely protects your important information.
I. SECURITY
Fiix Inc. is committed to protecting the security of your information. Information is retained in controlled facilities and protected from unauthorized access. Personal information is kept only as long as is reasonably required to provide the services to you in accordance with applicable law. For more details on how we keep your information safe, please review our Security Policy.
II. CONFIDENTIALITY
Your personal information will not be sold, leased or provided to third parties for marketing purposes without your explicit consent. Where we hire other companies to provide services on our behalf, we only provide them with the personal information they need to provide the service (if any). They are required to keep the information confidential and may not use it for any other purpose.
III. CONTACT
If you have any questions or concerns regarding Fiix’s collection, use or storage of your personal information, please contact us at privacy@fiixsoftware.com.
IV. PRIVACY FOR SITE VISITORS
GENERAL DATA GATHERING
Like all web servers, the system that runs our website collects anonymous data about which IP Address accessed which pages. This information cannot be personally connected to you, and it is used only for troubleshooting and security logging. We also use web-analytics tracking on the site (like Google Analytics) – this information also never gets connected to you. It shows our web team aggregate traffic patterns on the site, and allows us to improve the design and the content selection on the site.
DATA GATHERING FOR MARKETING
Our marketing team uses a system that helps us automate email messaging and marketing (for example: automatically sending you a Test-Drive login when you sign up for it). When you submit an email address or other information into a form on the site, your browsing and actions on the site become connected to this information. This lets us send you more relevant information and match your interests. For example, when a visitor browses “Facilities Management” pages repeatedly, and then gets in touch with us, this system lets us send more relevant Facilities-focused information in response. We do not share this information with any external organizations. Especially, we will never share or sell your email.
In accordance with GDPR regulations, citizens of the European Union or the European Economic Area have the right to be forgotten. If you are a citizen of the European Union or the European Economic Area you can choose to opt out of marketing technologies which track and personalize your experience across our ecosystem. By clicking this link, we will update and remove your records from our marketing tools.
DATA GATHERING FOR REMARKETING
This site uses cookies to show you our ads on other sites (including Google). This marketing technique is called “Remarketing”, and it lets us show you special offers based on your past browsing behavior on this site. None of the 3rd party sites where the ads appear would be aware that you came from this site. You can stop this kind of advertising, from us and from others, by going to the following site: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
DATA GATHERING FOR COMMERCIAL ELECTRONIC MESSAGES
Fiix provides web visitor with a consent-based method to receive Commercial Electronic Messages (CME) (for example: Fiix publications; event invitations; company news; product offerings; announcements; and other communications about our products and services). Web visitors must agree to receive CME and will be provided with a clear way to unsubscribe from receiving any further CME should they wish to. Any CME will be identified as coming from Fiix and will be provided with the contact information of the sender.
Fiix HQ
35 Golden Ave Suite A-201
Toronto ON M6R 2J5
Local: +1 (647) 317-9055
Toll Free: +1 (855) 884-5619
info@fiixsoftware.com
© Fiix Inc. All rights reserved – Last Revised: November 1, 2017
Meet the team
About Us
Master service agreement
Service level agreement
Security policy
Privacy policy
Affiliations
Site map
Fiix® is a registered trademark of Fiix Inc. Copyright © 2020. All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Site Map