https://www.safe.com/legal/privacy-policy/
paper Print Page
Safe Software Inc. respects your privacy and understands the importance of protecting your Personal Information.
This Privacy Policy, in compliance with Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronics Documents Act ("PIPEDA"), outlines the principles and practices that Safe Software follows in protecting your information. We will inform you of why and how we collect, use, and disclose Personal Information. Our privacy commitment includes ensuring the accuracy, confidentiality, and security of your Personal Information and allowing you to request access to and correction of your Personal Information.
Definitions
Personal Information - means information about an identifiable natural individual and may include items such as your email address, IP address, payment information, and opinion. Personal information does not include Contact Information.
Contact Information - means information that would enable an individual to be contacted at a place of business and includes name, title, business telephone number, business email, and business address. Contact Information is not covered by PIPEDA, but it may be considered Personal Information under the EU’s privacy rules and the privacy rules in other jurisdictions.
Non-Personal Information - means information that alone cannot be used to identify or contact you. This may include information about your computer, platform, and click paths.
Privacy Officer - means the individual designated responsibility for ensuring that Safe Software complies with this Policy and PIPEDA.
Safe Software - means Safe Software Inc. and its affiliates.
Why Does Safe Collect Personal Information?
We collect your Personal Information because it helps us deliver a superior level of service. It enables us to provide you with software support, to configure cloud-based software services that you have ordered, and to process payments for products and services. In addition, your Personal Information helps us keep you posted on the latest product features, special offers, and events that you might like to hear about.
We process your Personal Information for legitimate business purposes, to meet our legal obligations, to fulfill contractual or pre-contractual obligations, or when you have given us your consent.
Legitimate business purposes include some or all of the following: where the processing enables us to enhance, modify, personalise or otherwise improve our services and communications for the benefit of our customers; to identify and prevent fraud;
to enhance the security of our network and information systems; to better understand how people interact with our websites; to provide communications which we think will be of interest to you; to determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertising. Whenever we process data for these purposes we will ensure that we always keep your privacy rights in high regard and take account of these rights. You have the right to object to this processing if you wish, and if you wish to do so please contact privacy@safe.com. Please bear in mind that if you object this may affect our ability to carry out some tasks for your benefit.
What Personal Information Does Safe Collect?
Safe collects the following categories of Personal Information:
Category
Examples
Identifiers
Real name; alias; postal address; email address; phone number; online identifier; evaluation identifier; IP address; signature
Commercial Information
Payment information; products purchased, evaluated or licensed; other purchasing or consuming history such as attendance at training, webinars, and events
Usage
Information on your interaction with our websites and FME software (see SOFTWARE USAGE REPORTING below)
Geolocation Data
City/State/Country information based on your IP address when you interact with our websites, request a new license key, or start up FME software
How Does Safe Collect Personal Information?
Safe collects Non-Personal and Personal Information when you actively provide it in the context of making payments, completing surveys and forms, attending trade shows, and contacting us for sales and support. In addition, we use cookies and other technologies to passively collect some information. These methods are described more fully below.
Log Files
As is true of most websites, when you visit a safe.com website, we gather certain information automatically and store it in a log file. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) address, top level domain name (for example .com, .gov,. ca, etc.), date and time of visit to the site, Internet Service Provider (ISP), type of browser used, web pages accessed, and documents downloaded. Due to Internet communications standards, when you visit our website we automatically receive the URL of the website from which you came and the website to which you go when you leave our website. The information we gather is used to help us administer our website, monitor traffic, improve the website’s accessibility and navigability, and gather aggregated preferences.
Cookies
Cookies are small files applied to your internet browser to track your website movements. We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to monitor website usage. Cookies may be linked to a database that stores information regarding what pages you have viewed and links you have clicked. Standing alone, cookies do not personally identify you; they merely recognize your computer. Unless you choose to identify yourself to Safe Software, either by providing your email during a Live Chat, registering for an account, or filling out a web form, or have previously identified yourself to Safe Software, you remain anonymous.
You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level or directly on our website, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions of our website. To learn more about how to control cookies using your browser settings click here.
We also use cookies in conjunction with Google's AdWords Remarketing service. Google will use your cookie information to serve interest-based advertising to you. You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by adjusting Google's Ads Settings, using Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On, or visiting Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
The tables below explain the cookies we use and why.
Third Party Cookies
Service
Cookie Name(s)
Description
Google Analytics
__utma
__utmb
__utmc
__utmz
_ga
_gat
_gid
These cookies enable Google Analytics to anonymously track visitor activity across our web sites.
Live Chat
X-Salesforce-CHAT
This cookie is used to enable SalesForce Chat agents on our website.
Pardot
pardot
visitor_id*
lpv*
These cookies enable Pardot to record how visitors use our web sites including pages visited, videos viewed and some other activities. When a user submits a form, this anonymous data can be associated with the user’s contact record.
Crazy Egg
_ceg.s
_ceg.u
_ceir
We occasionally run anonymous click heatmap tests on web pages. These cookies are associated with heatmap testing.
Youtube
GPS
PREF
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
ISC
These cookies are related to Youtube video playback.
Salesforce Community Cookies
Salesforce communities collect three different types of cookies:
Required — Strictly necessary for the website to function correctly.
Functional — Used for analytics and performance.
Advertising — Related to online behavioral advertising or collection of data for marketing purposes.
The following tables describe the Community Cloud cookies collected by Salesforce, as part of the FME Community.
For all users (unauthenticated and authenticated)
Cookie Name
Duration
Cookie Type
Description
renderCtx
Session
Required
Used to deliver requested pages and content based on a user's navigation.
pctrk
Session
Required
Used to count page views by unauthenticated users against license usage.
force-stream
3 hours
Required
Used to properly route server requests within Salesforce infrastructure for sticky sessions.
sfdc-stream
3 hours
Required
Used to properly route server requests within Salesforce infrastructure for sticky sessions.
BrowserId_sec
1 year
Functional
Used to log secure browser sessions/visits for internal-only product analytics.
force-proxy-stream
3 hours
Required
Used to ensure client requests hit the same proxy hosts and are more likely to retrieve content from cache.
BrowserId
1 year
Functional
Used to log browser sessions/visits for internal-only product analytics.
Only for authenticated users
Cookie Name
Duration
Cookie Type
Description
QCQQ
Session
Required
Used to detect the official login page for Forced Login POST detection.
sid
Session
Required
Used to validate user session.
sid_Client
Session
Required
Used to validate orgid and userid on the client side.
idccsrf
3 months
Required
Used for SSO authentication as CSRF protection.
rsid
Session
Required
Used for an admin user to "log in as" one of their org user.
rsid2
Session
Required
Used for an admin user to "log in as" one of their org portal user.
RRetURL
Session
Required
Used for "log in as" to return to original page.
RRetURL2
Session
Required
Used for portal "log in as" to return to original page.
alohaEpt
90 sec
Functional
Used to log page load EPT (Experience Page Time) for Visualforce (Classic UI) pages.
clientSrc
Session
Functional
Used to validate the IP from where a user logs in.
oinfo
3 months
Functional
Used to track the State, Edition and orgID of a customer's org.
autocomplete
60 days
Functional
Used to determine whether the browser remembers a user’s login username.
inst
Session
Functional
Used to optimize routing to the user's instance.
expid_[Community Prefix]
30 days
Functional
Used to render pages based on specified brand.
disco
Session
Functional
Used to verify the last Salesforce org that was accessed on the same browser for session discovery.
oid
2 years
Functional
Used to redirect a user to the correct Salesforce org and assist the user for the next login.
Custom Cookies
Partner Referrals
ref
This value is set if a user enters the website through a partner referral link. The “ref” cookie value is specific to one of our authorized partners and is submitted when a user completes a form. It is used to automatically assign ownership of a lead to a partner.
Cookie Consent
cookieconsent_status
Stores user’s cookie preference.
Site Sessions
wwwsafecom_session
This cookie is used to persist information across page visits, such as data submitted in web forms.
Website Tracking Services
We use in-house and third party website tracking services, like Google Analytics and Pardot, to track page views, visit source, and events (like when you complete an online form). This tracking may be done on our primary website and on our ancillary websites and services including FME Hub, FME Community, Help Documentation, the Partner Portal, the FME Cloud sign-up page (but not in FME Cloud itself),
and on search pages. This data can be associated with Personal and Contact Information if you have provided that type of information to us by providing your email during a Live Chat, registering for an account, or filling out a web form.
Click-Through URLS
Some of our email messages contain click-through URLs linked to specific content on our website. When you click one of these URLs, you pass through our web server before arriving at the destination web page. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our communications. If you prefer not to be tracked, simply avoid clicking text or graphic links in the email.
Clear GIFs
Clear GIFs (a.k.a. beacons or tags) are tiny graphic images placed on a web page, web-based document, or in an email message. We may use Clear GIFs to tell us what parts of a website you have visited, to measure the effectiveness of searches you perform on our website, or to determine if an email message has been opened. We may use this information to tailor our communications to meet your preferences.
Software Usage Reporting
Upon starting a licensed copy of software, we may collect IP address and Non-Personal Information. This information will be automatically combined with results gleaned from other users. The resulting statistics will help us identify trends and usage patterns (for example, what formats and processing facilities are used more than others), which in turn will help us focus our development efforts for future versions of software. If you are using the full installer from our main downloads page then you may opt-out of software usage reporting at the time of installation or you can turn off software usage reporting by going to the "Tools" drop-down menu in FME Workbench and selecting "FME Options". Under "Translation" you can select or deselect the "Track Usage Statistics" option. If you are using a trial or evaluation license and the corresponding installer, then there is no option to disable software usage reporting.
Upon installation of an evaluation copy of software, you will be provided with an evaluation code which we can use to determine if the evaluation license has been activated. Your evaluation code may be combined with contact information you submitted during your request and your IP address. We use this information to troubleshoot problem areas, provide support, and contact you for evaluation feedback.
How Does Safe Use Your Personal Information?
Safe Software takes your privacy seriously. We do not sell or rent your information to unrelated third parties. We collect information to fulfill your specific requests, to process your payments, and to send you notices for annual upgrades or maintenance related to the specific product you have purchased. Except as expressly set out below, Safe Software does not share, sell, rent, or trade any information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Safe Software may also combine Personal and Non-Personal Information to better understand the behavior and preferences of our customers, to attribute sales to marketing activities, to troubleshoot technical problems, to enforce our Terms of Use and License Agreements, and to ensure the proper functioning of our products as well as to help improve them. In addition, the information you provide will allow us to send you messages about new products, features, enhancements, special offers, and events of interest. You may opt out of receiving marketing emails at any time.
We use a third party credit-card payment processor and information related to credit card payments will be directly routed to that payment processor. As well, we may engage with third party companies, such as SalesForce and Amazon, to process or store your information. These third party companies are authorized to use your Personal Information only as necessary to provide the requested service to us. Safe Software is based in Canada; however, we also use data storage facilities and cloud-based services located in the United States.
We may use the geographic location of your IP address to customize the content you can see in certain regions so that it is more relevant to you.
To provide superior service in your geographic region or in your language of choice, your information may be disclosed to authorized partners. All authorized partners have signed confidentiality agreements with Safe Software and are not permitted to use your information for any purpose other than providing services or communications relating to Safe Software's products.
Safe Software may aggregate information from multiple sources to create a more complete profile of your use and interactions with Safe Software and so that we can provide better support to you. For example, we link your FME Community account to your SalesForce record.
From time to time, Safe Software may partner with other companies to jointly co-host webinars, training seminars, or other events. If you specifically register for a jointly-offered event, then we may share your Personal Data, to the extent collected in connection with such event, with our co-host. Co-hosts’ use of the information will be in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you do not wish for your information to be shared in this manner, you may opt not to register in a jointly-offered event.
How Does Safe Get Your Consent?
We will obtain your consent to collect, use, or disclose Personal Information. Your consent may be express or implied where the purpose for collecting or disclosing the Personal Information would be considered obvious and you voluntarily provide Personal Information for that purpose (for example: submitting an email request for support or signing up for a webinar). We follow Canada’s Anti-Spam Laws and we will seek your express consent for direct marketing purposes where necessary under those regulations or the regulations of other jurisdictions.
Subject to certain exceptions, you may withhold or withdraw your consent for Safe Software to use your information by selecting the unsubscribe mechanism included in an email communications, deleting your accounts with Safe Software, or by contacting privacy@safe.com. Your decision to withhold or withdraw your consent to certain uses of Personal Information may restrict our ability to provide a particular service or product. If so, we will explain the situation to assist you in making the decision.
We may collect, use, or disclose Personal Information without your knowledge or consent only in the following limited circumstances:
When the collection, use, or disclosure is required by law;
When the information is necessary to investigate a breach of an agreement or a contravention of a federal or provincial law;
When the information is publicly available;
When it is clearly in the individual’s interests and consent is not available in a timely way; or
To comply with a subpoena, a warrant, or order made by a court or other body with appropriate jurisdiction.
Public Information Including User Generated Content & Profiles
You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of setting up a public profile or contributing user generated content to the FME Community, the FME Hub, or another public online forum provided by Safe Software. Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information, and there is no expectation of confidentiality. You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read, collected, or used by other users to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.
What Safeguards Does Safe Use to Protect Your Information?
We strive to limit the amount and type of personal information that we collect to just those details necessary to respond to your requests, share information with you, and process your transactions. We do not do regular or extensive profiling of individuals. Other than information required to process payments, we do not collect sensitive personal information. We will retain your information only as long as necessary to fulfill legal or reasonable business purposes.
We are committed to ensuring the security of your information in order to protect it from unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, or destruction. The following security measures will be followed to ensure that your information is appropriately protected:  the use of user IDs and passwords, access restrictions, firewalls, antivirus programs, intrusion detection systems, system penetration testing, and physically secure office facilities.
We will use appropriate security measures when destroying your information such as shredding hardcopy documents and deleting electronically stored information.
We will continually review and update our security policies and controls as technology changes to ensure ongoing Personal Information security.
A Note On The EU'S GDPR
Safe Software is committed to following the principles outlined in the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) for all EU residents that provide Personal Information to Safe Software. We understand that, under the GDPR, Personal Information does include Contact Information belonging to EU residents and we will safeguard it and process it accordingly. For more information on our compliance with the GDPR please see: www.safe.com/legal/gdpr/.
How Can You Access Your Personal Information?
You have the right to access your Personal Information. We will use reasonable efforts to ensure that your Personal Information is accurate and complete.
If at any time you wish to be removed from Safe Software’s mailing list please email fme-webmaster@safe.com.
If you wish to view, update, alter, restrict processing of, or delete any information we may have on you, please send a written request to:
Address: Safe Software Inc., Suite 1200 - 9639 137A Street, Surrey, BC, Canada, V3T 0M1
Fax: 604-501-9965
Email: privacy@safe.com
Attention: Privacy Officer
We will use reasonable efforts to reply to your request within 30 days. We will inform you of the results of our investigation and let you know what actions have been taken by Safe Software in response to your request.
If you have a question or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@safe.com.
Last updated July 30, 2020.