http://www.silence-therapeutics.com/privacy-and-cookie-notice/
Cookie Policy
Silence Therapeutics website uses cookies. By continuing to browse you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Privacy and cookie notice
Home >
Privacy and cookie notice
Privacy and cookie notice
Introduction
This document sets out the privacy and cookies notice of Silence Therapeutics ("We", "Us" and "Our") and explains how We use your personal information (meaning any information about you from which you may be identifiable (directly or indirectly) such as your name, address, telephone number or email address and is generally referred to throughout this policy as "Your Information").
What information do We collect about you?
We collect Information that you provide to us when you choose to contact us. We may also ask you to complete surveys that We use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
We also use some cookies as set out below.
How will We use Your Information and who may we share it with?
We use Your Information to respond to your requests and correspondence and to better understand the use of Our site and services. We don't conduct direct marketing or pass Your Information to third parties for their independent use.
We retain Your Information in order to respond and, in the event of any complaints, in order to defend any legal rights and investigate any complaints. Your Information will be held in Europe and not transferred outside of the EEA.
Your Information may be shared with other companies within our group and with third parties:
if We sell or buy any business or assets, in which case We may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if We or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets;
if We are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our rights.
Security
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although We will do Our best to protect Your Information, We cannot guarantee the security of Your Information transmitted to Our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once We have received Your Information, We will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Use of Cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to Our advertisers. This is statistical data about Our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
For the same reason, We may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help Us to improve Our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable Us:
to estimate Our audience size and usage pattern;
to store information about your preferences, and so allow Us to customise Our site according to your individual interests;
to speed up your searches;
to recognise you when you return to Our site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of Our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, Our system will issue cookies when you log on to Our site.
Below is a list of the cookies we currently use on Our site:
Cookies
Default expiration time
ASP.NET_SesionId
This cookie is automatically generated by asp.net. It is created the first time our website is accessed over the browser.
End of browser session
XSRF-TOKEN
Cookie that is used for storing CSFR token.
End of browser session
XSRF-V
End of browser session
Custom cookies
_ga
Google Analytics
Two years
Access to Your Information, correction and questions
You can contact Us:
to find out more about how Your Information will be used, or to make a complaint;
if you want to exercise your right to request a copy of Your Information that We hold about you;
if you want Us to correct or remove Your Information you think is inaccurate;
if you have any questions,
by writing to Us at info@silence-therapeutics.com We hope you will be happy with the way We handle your information but if not you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner if there is a problem – for more information visit www.ico.org.uk
Changes to this notice
We are constantly looking for new ways to improve this website. We may amend this privacy and cookie notice from time to time. This privacy and cookie notice was last updated on the 15th March 2018.