https://www.atse.org.au/about-us/academy-policies/terms-of-website-use/
ATSE-Logo - black ATSE: Australian Academy of Technology and Engineering
Menu
ATSE-Logo - black ATSE: Australian Academy of Technology and Engineering
Sign in
Search
Search
Close
Close
COVID-19
Research & policy
Big issues
Meeting the climate change challenge
Helping Australia get technology ready
Embracing our digital future
Social cohesion is crucial
Themes
Agriculture
Climate change
Digital futures
Education
Energy
Health technology
Industry & innovation
Infrastructure
International collaboration
Mineral resources
Water
Publications
Programs & awards
ATSE Awards 2020
IMNIS: Industry mentoring – it’s win-win
STELR: Bringing STEM to life in schools
Our commitment to diversity and inclusion
Global connections
Asia-Pacific Women in Entrepreneurship Initiative
YSEP 2020
ATSE Awards
Clunies Ross Awards
Clunies Ross Awards categories explained
History of the Clunies Ross Awards
Clunies Ross Award winners 2019
Clunies Ross Award winners 2018
Clunies Ross Award winners 2017
Clunies Ross Award winners 2016
Clunies Ross Award winners 2015
Clunies Ross Award winners 2014
Clunies Ross Award winners 2013
Clunies Ross Award winners 2012
Clunies Ross Award winners 2011
Clunies Ross Award winners pre-2011
Batterham Medal
History of the Batterham Medal
Ezio Rizzardo Polymer Scholarship
ICM Agrifood Award
David and Valerie Solomon Award
About David and Valerie Solomon
News & events
News
Budget 2020
President’s Reflections
Events
Magazines
Podcasts
Videos
Media releases
Newsroom for media
ATSE social media assets
About
The Board
Committees
Policy Forums
State Divisions
Our strategy
Annual Review
Our history
Our partners
Our Australian partners
Our global partners
Academy policies
Diversity and Inclusion Policy
Code of Conduct
Event Registration Cancellation Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Website Use
Whistleblower Policy
Workplace Equal Opportunity, Harassment and Bullying Policy
Support us
Contact us
Meet the team
Working for us
Fellows
New Fellows
All Fellows
Featured Fellows
Deceased Fellows
Announcing ATSE’s New Fellows
ATSE-Logo+Tag - black ATSE: Australian Academy of Technology and Engineering
Fellows sign in
Contact
Disclaimer & privacy
Visit our soundcloud
Visit our linkedin
Visit our twitter
Visit our youtube
Academy policies
Terms of Website Use
Home > About > Academy policies > Terms of Website Use
About
The Board
Committees
Policy Forums
State Divisions
Our strategy
Annual Review
Our history
Our partners
Our Australian partners
Our global partners
Academy policies
Diversity and Inclusion Policy
Code of Conduct
Event Registration Cancellation Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Website Use
Whistleblower Policy
Workplace Equal Opportunity, Harassment and Bullying Policy
Support us
Contact us
Meet the team
Working for us
These Terms of Use (“Terms”) govern your use of our website located at www.atse.org.au (“Site”) and form a binding contractual agreement between you, the user of the Site and us, the Australian Academy of Technology and Engineering (“Academy”).
For that reason these Terms are important and you should ensure that you read them carefully and contact us with any questions before you use the Site. You can contact us at info@atse.org.au.
By using the Site you acknowledge and agree that you have had sufficient chance to read and understand the Terms and you agree to be bound by them. If you do not agree to the Terms, please do not use the Site.
1. LICENCE TO USE SITE
1.1 We grant you a non-exclusive, worldwide, non-transferable licence to use the Site in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement.
1.2 You may access and use the Site (including any incidental copying that occurs as part of that use) in the normal manner and may also print one copy of any page within the Site for your own personal, non-commercial use.
1.3 You must not add any content to the Site:
(a) unless you hold all necessary rights, licences and consents to do so;
(b) that would cause you or us to breach any law, regulation, rule, code or other legal obligation;
(c) that is or could reasonably be considered to be obscene, inappropriate, defamatory, disparaging, indecent, seditious, offensive, pornographic, threatening, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory, blasphemous, in breach of confidence or in breach of privacy;
(d) that would bring us, or the Site, into disrepute; or
(e) that infringes the intellectual property or other rights of any person.
1.4 The Site contains links to other websites as well as content added by people other than us. We do not endorse, sponsor or approve any such user-generated content or any content available on any linked website.
1.5 You acknowledge and agree that:
(a) we retain complete editorial control over the Site and may alter, amend or cease the operation of the Site at any time in our sole discretion; and
(b) the Site will not operate on a continuous basis, and may be unavailable from time to time (including for maintenance purposes).
2. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
2.1 Nothing in these Terms constitutes a transfer of any intellectual property rights. You acknowledge and agree that, as between you and us, we own all intellectual property rights in the Site.
2.2 By posting or adding any content onto the Site, you grant us a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, worldwide and transferable right and licence to use that content in any way (including, without limitation, by reproducing, changing, and communicating the content to the public) and permit us to authorise any other person to do the same thing.
2.3 You consent to any act or omission which would otherwise constitute an infringement of your moral rights, and if you add any content in which any third party has moral rights, you must also ensure that the third party also consents in the same manner.
2.4 The licence in clause 2.3 will survive any termination of these Terms.
3. DISCLAIMER
3.1 You use the Site at your sole risk.
3.2 Except where expressly stated otherwise, material on the Site is provided as general information only. It is not intended as advice and must not be relied upon as such. You should make your own inquiries and take independent advice tailored to your specific circumstances prior to making any decisions.
3.3 We do not make any representation or warranty that any material on the Site will be reliable, accurate or complete, nor do we accept any responsibility arising in any way from errors or omissions.
3.4 We will not be liable for loss resulting from any action or decision by you in reliance on the material on the Site, nor any interruption, delay in operation or transmission, virus, communications failure, internet access difficulties, or malfunction in equipment or software.
3.5 You acknowledge that we are not responsible for, and accept no liability in relation to, any other users’ use of, access to or conduct in connection with the Site in any circumstance.
4. LIABILITY
4.1 To the full extent permitted by law, we exclude all liability in respect of loss of data, interruption of business or any consequential or incidental damages.
4.2 To the full extent permitted by law, we exclude all representations, warranties or terms (whether express or implied) other than those expressly set out in these Terms.
4.3 These Terms are to be read subject to any legislation which prohibits or restricts the exclusion, restriction or modification of any implied warranties, conditions, guarantees or obligations. If such legislation applies, to the extent possible, we limit our liability in respect of any claim to, at our option:
(a) in the case of goods:
(i) the replacement of the goods or the supply of equivalent goods;
(ii) the repair of the goods;
(iii) the payment of the cost of replacing the goods or of acquiring equivalent goods; or
(iv) the payment of having the goods repaired, and
(b) in the case of services:
(i) the supply of the services again; or
(ii) the payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.
4.4 You will indemnify the Academy, its employees, agents and representatives from any and all costs, claims, loss or damage suffered or incurred including consequential loss or damage which may arise from the posting or deletion of your submitted content or from any breach by you of these terms or from your use of the Site.
5. TERMINATION
5.1 These Terms terminate automatically if, for any reason, we cease to operate the Site.
5.2 We may otherwise terminate these Terms immediately, on notice to you, if you have breached these Terms in any way.
6. GENERAL
6.1 You must not assign, sub-license or otherwise deal in any other way with any of your rights under these Terms.
6.2 If a provision of these Terms is invalid or unenforceable it is to be read down or severed to the extent necessary without affecting the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions.
6.3 Each party must at its own expense do everything reasonably necessary to give full effect to this Agreement and the events contemplated by it.
6.4 This Agreement is governed by the laws of Victoria and each party submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of Victoria.