http://www.foodcontactmaterials.com/updated-privacy-and-cookies-policy
Skip to main content
Share
Home
Updated Privacy and Cookies Policy
This Privacy Policy describes the information that Keller and Heckman LLP collects through this website, and how we use, share, and protect the information collected.  Your use of this website constitutes your agreement with this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use this website.  Your use of this website is also subject to the separate Terms of Use.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
SECURITY
COOKIES POLICY
YOUR CHOICES AND RIGHTS
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT US
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information voluntarily provided by you when you contact one of our professionals, practice groups, or marketing or administrative departments using an e-mail address provided on the website or in a publication available on the website.  For example, we collect information when you:
Request information about the firm, our professionals, or services we offer;
Ask a question about a legal issue or area of interest;
Request to join a mailing list;
Request more information about an event that we sponsor;
Inquire about a career opportunity;
Make a media inquiry; or
Provide feedback or ask a question about the website.
The personal information we collect may include your first name, last name, mailing address, e-mail address, and phone number.  We may also collect information that you provide about your background, experience, or particular areas of interest.
As a general matter, each time you visit this website, the hosting company’s server collects basic technical information automatically, such as your IP address, browser type and operating system, referring domain, clickstream data (e.g., pages viewed, and time spent), and access times.  We use this information in the aggregate to understand and analyze trends, administer the site, and gather demographic information about our users as a whole.
COOKIES POLICY
Some of the pages on this website use “cookies,” which are identifiers that a website places on a computer’s hard drive to facilitate the interaction between your device and the website.  We and our analytics and advertising service providers may use cookies and other technologies to enhance the browsing experience, facilitate sharing of content with others, understand website usage, and improve the website.  Most web browsers allow you to set preferences about cookies you wish to accept.  Consult your browser settings and follow the instructions to control cookies on your device.  If you remove or block cookies, you may not be able to use or access certain features of this website.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information collected through this website to:
Communicate with you about products, services, career opportunities, and events that you have inquired about or that may be of interest;
Send you marketing communications;
Respond to your inquiries and requests;
Enhance and improve the website, content and user experience; and
Better understand your preferences.
If you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can send an email to optout@khlaw.com or use the opt-out mechanism provided in commercial e-mail messages that you receive from us.
SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with select service providers who help us fulfill your requests.  For example, your personal information may be shared with third parties that provide e-mail transmission or analytics and event management services and with third parties that maintain, improve, and deliver this website and the content on this site.  We may also share your personal information with third parties (i) with your consent, (ii) to safeguard the website, intellectual property, users, or the rights of third parties, (iii) to investigate violations of our Terms of Use, (iv) as required by law or in response to a court order or legal request, or (v) in connection with a merger, acquisition, or transfer of assets.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
If you visit this website from outside of the United States, your information will be transferred to and stored on servers in the United States.  By visiting this website, you consent to the transfer of your information to, and the collection, processing, and storage of your information in, the United States.
SECURITY
We strive to employ reasonable security measures to protect your personal information from loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure or use.  Users are warned, however, that the Internet is not a 100% secure medium, and we do not guarantee that our security measures are failsafe.
YOUR CHOICES AND RIGHTS
Subject to local law, you may have the right to request access to, correction of, and/or deletion of personal information we hold about you.  Please contact us to update or correct your information or to request access to or deletion of your personal information.  We may require additional information from you to verify your identity before disclosing any personal information to you.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time; provided, however, that we will not retroactively change how we handle your personal information without your consent.  Please check back periodically for any changes we may make to this Privacy Policy, as your continued use of this website following the posting of any changes means that you accept such changes.
CONTACT US
Should you have any questions about our privacy practices, please contact us by mail or e-mail using the information provided below.
Keller and Heckman LLP
Attn: Privacy Counsel
1001 G Street NW
Suite 500 West
Washington, DC 20001
privacy@khlaw.com
Please note that if you are not a client, we may not be able to treat the information you send us as confidential or privileged.