http://www.socmucimm.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last updated May 21, 2018
We may collect, use and store your personal data, as described in this Privacy Policy when we collect data from you. When you join SMI by signing up for an account or creating a profile, as part of the service, you will receive SMI email campaigns containing content that we believe may match your interests and fulfill our obligation to deliver benefits or services to you. If at any point you no longer want SMI to collect or use your data, or if you’d like to stop receiving benefits or services from SMI, you can email info@socmucimm.org to unsubscribe.
You can also manage your email and notice preferences in your account profile settings or by emailing info@socmucimm.org. If you opt out of receiving emails, we may still send you transaction e-mails about your account or any services you have requested or received from us.
We will always comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) when dealing with your personal data. For the purposes of the GDPR, we will be the “controller” of all personal data we hold about you.
We can be contacted at:
N83 W13410 Leon RoadMenomonee Falls, WI 53051, USA414.253.8188info@socmucimm.org
We want to ensure you are enjoying all member benefits or services SMI has to offer today, tomorrow and always. It is also our goal to be open and transparent with our users about the personal data we collect to provide that service, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
Type of Information
Purposes
Legal Basis of Processing
Account and profile name, address, photo, telephone numbers, e-mail address(es)
Managing membership of SMI and event registration lists. Biographic information, such as curriculum vitae or mucosal interests, may also be shared with internal committee members in the event you are applying for awards, grants or programs through the society.
Performing SMI’s contract with the member
For the purposes of our legitimate interests in operating SMI. Performing SMI’s contract with the member or delivering agreed upon services to the nonmember.
Emergency contact details
Contacting next of kin in the event of emergency
Protecting the member’s vital interests and those of their dependents
Photos and videos of members or affiliate partners at SMI events
Publishing on SMI’s website and social media pages or in press releases, advertisements and promotions
We will seek the member’s consent on their membership application/renewal forms, event registration forms. The individual may withdraw their consent at any time by contacting us by e-mail or letter
We may use cookies, log files, pixel tags, local storage objects, and other tracking technologies to automatically collect information about your activities, such as your searches, referring URLs, browser type, location, page views, date and time of your visit, and other information about your use of the SMI
Personalization and analytics. To gather metrics to better understand how users access and use SMI; to evaluate and improve SMI; personalization; and, to develop new products and services for our members and partners
We may share aggregated or de-identified information with in-house staff or consultant parties for research, marketing, analytics and other purposes, provided such information does not identify a particular individual
How We Protect Your InformationThe security of your information is important to us. SMI has implemented safeguards to protect the information we collect. All online payments will use a recognized secure payment system. We also promise to notify you promptly in the event of any breach of your personal data which might expose you to serious risk.
Please note, no website or internet transmission is completely secure. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe, such as choosing a strong password and keeping it private, as well as logging out of your user account, and closing your web browser when finished using SMI on a shared or unsecured device.
Mucosal ImmunologyIf you are a subscriber to Mucosal Immunology, your information will be shared with the publisher to fulfill delivery of your journal.
Children’s PrivacyWe do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the relevant age without parental consent, we take steps to delete that information.
Links to Other WebsitesSMI may contain links to third party websites. We are not responsible for the practices of such third parties, whose information practices are subject to their own policies and procedures, not to this Privacy Policy.
Your California Privacy RightsCalifornia law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the types of personal information disclosed to those parties. If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please submit your request in an email to info@socmucimm.org.
Who else has access to the information you provide us?We will never sell your personal data. We will not share your personal data with any third parties without your prior consent (which you are free to withhold) except where required to do so by law. We may pass your personal data to third parties who are service providers, agents and subcontractors to us for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (e.g. to send you mailings or provide telephone membership renewal reminders). However, we disclose only the personal data that is necessary for the third party to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own purposes.
How long do we keep your information?We will hold your personal data on our systems for as long as you are a member of SMI or as long as in SMI’s legitimate interest to do so to comply with our legal obligations. We will review your personal data every year to establish whether we are still entitled to process it. If we decide that we are not entitled to do so, we will stop processing your personal data except to retain your personal data in an archived form to comply with future legal obligations e.g. compliance with tax requirements and exemptions, and the establishment exercise or defense of legal claims.
Service ProvidersWe may share your information with third party service providers who use this information to perform services for us, such as payment processors, hosting providers, auditors, advisors, consultants, customer service and support providers.
You have rights under the GDPR:
to access your personal data
to be provided with information about how your personal data is processed
to have your personal data corrected
to have your personal data erased in certain circumstances
to object to or restrict how your personal data is processed
to have your personal data transferred to yourself or to another business in certain
Please address any questions, comments and requests regarding our data processing practices to the SMI staff at (414) 253-8188 or info@socmucimm.org.