http://www.greenpacks.org/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
Animals
Architecture
Automobiles
Design
Eco-friendly
Energy
Lifestyle
Transportation
Privacy Policy
March 10, 2011 / No Comments
TweetEmail
TweetEmailAt www.greenpacks.org, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.greenpacks.org and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.greenpacks.org makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.greenpacks.org does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
– Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.greenpacks.org.
– Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.greenpacks.org and other sites on the Internet.
– Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense, TechnoratiMedia, Amazon or Kontera.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.greenpacks.org send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-partyad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.greenpacks.org has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.greenpacks.org’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Subscribe via RSS
Like us on Facebook
And on Twitter
Get Social
Featured Posts
Homes Made of Plastic; Nigeria Dazzles in Recycling
November 30, 2015 / No Comments
Japanese Firm Envisions Underwater City to Counter Rising Sea Level
January 21, 2015 / No Comments
Left-Out Torpedo Station in Baltic Sea to be Vamped as an Ideal Spot for Water Sports
November 21, 2014 / No Comments
Eco-Friendly and Attractive: Interior Design Tips for Greener Living
May 3, 2014 / No Comments
Earth Day 2014: Google Doodle Brings Together Six Different Species Of Wildlife
April 22, 2014 / 1 Comment
About Us
Here on GreenPacks we're passionate about everything that involves a cleaner life on Earth. It's true that our lives depend on a greener future, but the change should come from within. We first need to be good stewards to ourselves and then to Mother Nature, not the other way around. More here
Topics
Alternative fuels
Animals
Architecture
Automobiles
Conservation
Design
Earth
Eco-friendly
Energy
Environment
Food
Global Warming
Health
Lifestyle
Politics
Recycling
Science
Solar energy
Technology
Transportation
Wind power
Subscribe via RSS
Like us on Facebook
Let's Tweet!
Copyright © 2011-2014 GreenPacks.org | Privacy policy