https://www.computerweekly.com/resources/Security-policy-and-user-awareness
French regulators fine Google and Amazon over cookie policies
Cyber Helpline awarded lottery funding to support victims
Corporate E-mail Address:You forgot to provide an Email Address.This email address doesn’t appear to be valid.This email address is already registered. Please login.You have exceeded the maximum character limit.Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address.I agree to TechTarget’s Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the transfer of my information to the United States for processing to provide me with relevant information as described in our Privacy Policy.Please check the box if you want to proceed.I agree to my information being processed by TechTarget and its Partners to contact me via phone, email, or other means regarding information relevant to my professional interests. I may unsubscribe at any time.Please check the box if you want to proceed.
By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent.
Sections
Latest Blog Posts
Throwback Thursday: x86 Server virtualisation check point
– Write side up - by Freeform Dynamics
Don't be the one who gets the blame - the Home Office's biggest lesson in UK borders IT
– Computer Weekly Editors Blog
View All Blogs
Download Computer Weekly
In The Current Issue:
Microsoft Windows’ future is all about users
Three options for next year’s IT strategy
DDoS mitigation strategies needed to maintain availability during pandemic
Download Current Issue
News : Security policy and user awareness
December 10, 2020
10
Dec'20
French regulators fine Google and Amazon over cookie policies
Google and Amazon rapped over their use of advertising cookies by the French data protection authorities
December 10, 2020
10
Dec'20
Cyber Helpline awarded lottery funding to support victims
The Cyber Helpline, a UK charity that provides emergency support to victims of cyber crime and online stalking, is to receive funding from the National Lottery
December 09, 2020
09
Dec'20
Amnesia:33 IoT flaws dangerous and patches unlikely, say experts
The disclosure of multiple flaws by Forescout has raised big questions for the developers of connected products, and for their users
December 09, 2020
09
Dec'20
Patch Tuesday: Microsoft presents just 58 CVEs for Christmas
The final Patch Tuesday of 2020 contains 58 fixes, a minnow compared to some recent drops, but many are still of high importance
View All News
In Depth : Security policy and user awareness
This Christmas, Covid-19 heightens retail security risks for everyone
Do you think it’s only retailers and consumers who need to consider cyber security when shopping online during the holidays? You’re dead wrong. This year, the Covid-19 pandemic and the shift to remote working has thrown a spanner in the works Continue Reading
How to build an effective vulnerability management programme
As cyber criminals increasingly look to exploit vulnerabilities in software and hardware, businesses must build and implement an effective vulnerability management programme to counter this growing threat Continue Reading
Credential stuffing: When DDoS isn’t DDoS
Ten years ago, credential stuffing attacks posed a comparatively minor threat, but with an escalating number of data breaches, the threat posed has now increased. What are the solutions to this very human problem? Continue Reading
View All In Depth
Blog Posts : Security policy and user awareness
Digital Identity Policy must address Fake (and Fogged) Credentials
Banks and employers cannot afford to trust the credentials (digital or otherwise) issued by Government or mandated by regulators (e.g. Passports, Driving Licenses or Utility Bills) until the issues ... Continue Reading
Tackling the Post Covid Cybercrime Pandemic
The pace of change along criminal supply chains is accelerating. But so too is the response from law enforcement. Lockdown saw the first step with long overdue automation of incident notification ... Continue Reading
Help secure the top UK entry point for cyberfraud
“NHS” is the UK’s most trusted brand. Until recently it was one of the least protected/secure. There have been significant improvements but, as a result of Covid, impersonating the NHS now comes ... Continue Reading
View All Blog Posts
Opinion : Security policy and user awareness
Security Think Tank: SOAR to the next level with automation
SIEM and SOAR have much in common, but there are key differences between the two that may influence the best fit for your organisation. What should security pros consider when making a choice? Continue Reading
Security Think Tank: SIEM and SOAR are far from mutually exclusive
SIEM and SOAR have much in common, but there are key differences between the two that may influence the best fit for your organisation. What should security pros consider when making a choice? Continue Reading
Security Think Tank: Alerts are great, it’s what you do with them that counts
SIEM and SOAR have much in common, but there are key differences between the two that may influence the best fit for your organisation. What should security pros consider when making a choice? Continue Reading
View All Opinion
Videos : Security policy and user awareness
2017 IT Priority Study: Trends in the EMEA security market
Find out what security initiatives IT decision makers are planning in 2017
Lauri Love - my battle with extradition
A court ruled today that Lauri Love, a 31-year old electrical engineering student, from Suffolk, can be extradited to the US to face hacking charges.
CW500 Security Club: Ashish Surti, information security director at Clutch Group
Mobile threats are the fastest growing form of cyber-attack, but user awareness is still poor
View All Videos
Latest TechTarget resources
CIO
Security
Networking
Data Center
Data Management
SearchCIO
5 strategies to deliver customer service in information technology
Organizations undergo digital initiatives with the customer in mind, but to deliver outstanding CX, CIOs and their teams must ...
FTC, states sue Facebook for breaking antitrust laws
The antitrust lawsuits allege Facebook impeded competition by buying up rivals to control the market.
Top private 5G use cases and benefits in the enterprise
Although 5G is still years away from mainstream adoption, some enterprises have started rolling out use cases that can deliver ...
SearchSecurity
Zero-trust initiatives rely on incremental security improvements
Despite implementation challenges, enterprise security leaders see zero trust as the security model of the future and are moving ...
FireEye red team tools stolen in cyber attack
While no zero-day exploits were included in the red team tools, FireEye released detection rules and known vulnerabilities to ...
Key SOC metrics and KPIs: How to define and use them
Enterprises struggle to get the most out of their security operation centers. Using the proper SOC metrics and KPIs can help. ...
SearchNetworking
Aruba launches orchestration software for CX fabric
The Aruba Fabric Composer is best suited for a CX switching fabric within a small and midsize data center. The company also ...
Network performance issues are IT pain point amid COVID-19
Network performance is a top issue among IT teams and remote workers amid the pandemic and can correlate with other technical ...
Juniper snags Apstra in latest acquisition
The Apstra acquisition could help Juniper sell networking hardware and software to heterogeneous data centers and large-scale ...
SearchDataCenter
How to negotiate a fair data center colocation agreement
It's critical to business operations and your overall budget to know what a good colocation SLA covers, what it doesn't and how ...
Top 5 colocation providers
Colocation companies offer a wide range of facilities and services that can help organizations reduce or eliminate the costs ...
Colocation pricing guide: Understanding data center costs
Colocation facility costs can include anything from power fees and bandwidth service charges to connectivity expenses, change ...
SearchDataManagement
The top 6 use cases for a data fabric architecture
Enterprise data fabric adoption has been on the rise as a way to ensure access and data sharing in a distributed environment. ...
Varada accelerates data virtualization with Presto
The new Varada Data Platform combines data virtualization with the open source Presto SQL query engine to help enable rapid ...
SingleStore raises $80M for distributed SQL database
Raj Verma, CEO of SingleStore, explains why the vendor rebranded from MemSQL and how its platform is more than just an in-memory ...
Close