https://www.ptglab.com/news/blog/privacy-policy/
You've been automatically redirected here from Humanzyme.com, which is now part of Proteintech Group. Click here to dismiss this alert.
Close
Home
Products
By Product Type
Primary Antibodies
Monoclonal Antibodies
Polyclonal Antibodies
CoraLite fluorescent-dye conjugated antibodies
Flow Cytometry antibodies
Neutralizing Antibodies
Tag/Control Antibodies
Recombinant Proteins
Human cell-expressed cytokines and growth factors
GMP-grade cytokines and growth factors
ELISA Kits
AuthentiKine ELISA Kits
Other
Protein ladders
Secondary Antibodies
Tagged immunogens
By Research Area
COVID-19 Related
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Cell Division and Proliferation
Developmental biology
Epigenetics
Immunology
Metabolism
Neuroscience
Signal Transduction
Stem cells
Other
Replace Santa Cruz
Custom Order Requests
Featured Products
About Us
Company Profile
The Proteintech Story
Careers
Publication Map
Support
Product-specific protocols
Protocols
Technical FAQs
Service FAQs
Resources
Guarantee
siRNA Knockdown
News
Company News
Blog
Events
Promotions
Antibody Upgrade Search Engine
New Lab Promotion
Publication Promotion
$99 Control Antibodies
Free Protocol Guides
Newsletter Sign Up
$99 Trial Size Antibodies
Cornucopia Promotion
3 for 2 Antibodies
50% Off CD Markers
Contact
×
Find your product-specific protocols for WB, IHC, IP and more!
Optimize your experiment with our product-specific protocols for WB, IHC, IP, IF, and FC. You can search by either catalog number or antibody name.
Search Now
Standard protocols are also available
Cat.No.
Product Name
Specific Protocols
Load more search results
Back
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy updated for GDPR.
Introduction
We are Proteintech Europe Limited a company registered in England and Wales with company number 05818636 and with its registered office at 4 Greek Street, Stockport, SK3 8AB (we, us, our or Proteintech).
Proteintech needs to gather and use certain information about individuals. These can include customers, business contacts, employees and other stakeholders the organisation has a relationship with or may need to contact. This policy describes how this Personal Information must be collected, handled and stored to meet our data protection standards and to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation and Data Protection Act 2018 (GDPR).
This policy covers the following matters (amongst others): the collection of Personal Information; the use of that Personal Information; the legal bases for the processing of that information; disclosures of that Personal Information and the use of cookies on the website in compliance with the GDPR.
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your Personal Information, please contact us using the contact details provided in this privacy policy.
Why the policy exists
This policy ensures Proteintech:
Complies with data protection law and follows good practice.
Protects the rights of staff, customers and partners.
Is open in respect of how it stores and processes individuals’ Personal Information.
Types of data collected by Proteintech
Among the types of Personal Information that we collect, there are: Cookies (although not all cookies will collect Personal Information), Usage Data, first name, last name, date of birth, phone number, VAT Number, employer/business name, job title/role, PI name, address, email address, ZIP/Postal code,  city, field of activity, User ID, country, username, password and fax number. We may also collect billing information if you purchase products from us.
Further details in respect of certain types of Personal Information collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the data collection.
The Personal Information may be freely provided by the user, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this website/purchasing products from us or otherwise interacting with us by any medium. In cases where a data submission form specifically states that some data is not mandatory, you are free not to communicate this data without any consequences on the availability or the functioning of the service (or our ability to deliver our products to you). If you are uncertain about which Personal Information is mandatory you are welcome to contact us.
Any use of cookies – or of other tracking tools – by us or third parties engaged by us is used to provide the service required by you, in addition to any other purposes described in this policy and in our cookie policy.
We may also collect Personal Information about you in the following circumstances: when you provide information to us at an event where we both attend, when you contact us or give us feedback and/or when you enter into a competition, promotion or survey operated by us.
Information from third party sources
Proteintech may receive data from third parties (e.g conferences, tradeshows or other life science events), where these third parties have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your Personal Information to us. We may also collect information from publicly available sources, including scientific publications, university websites and publicly available information on social media and the internet. This helps us target our marketing closer to your interests.
Proteintech will use your Personal Information only for the purposes described in this privacy policy or for purposes that are stated and explained at the time the information is collected. We may also process your Personal Information for additional purposes that are compatible with that original purpose in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Mode and place of processing data
Methods of processing
We process your Personal Information in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorised access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorised destruction of the information. The data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organisational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated or by our employees/authorised agents who have received training in respect of data processing. In some cases, the Personal Information may be accessible to certain types of service providers involved with the operation of our business (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration), please see below for further information.
Place
The Personal Information is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.
As set out in this Policy, we may need to transfer the User’s Personal Information to our EU distributors to enable us to perform our contract (or potential contract) with the User. We may also need to transfer the User’s Personal Information to our parent company based in the US to be able to carry out a contract with the User. Where possible, we will let the User know where this is the case.
Some of our third party service providers are located outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). Accordingly, when we engage these parties to provide their services there will be a transfer of Personal Information outside of the EEA. Whenever we transfer your Personal Information outside of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your Personal Information to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal information by the European Commission.
We may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission, which give your Personal Information the same protection it has in Europe.
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer Personal Information to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protections to Personal Information shared between Europe and the US.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your Personal Information outside of the EEA.
Retention time
The Personal Information is kept only for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain the Personal Information for longer in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect of our relationship with you. Subject to the foregoing, the User has the right to request that the Data Controller suspend processing of or remove the Personal Information.
Details of our retention periods are as follows:
Usage Data, first name, last name, date of birth, phone number, VAT Number, employer/business name, job title/role, PI name, address, email address, ZIP/Postal code, city, field of activity, User ID, country, username, password and fax number – where you have not purchased any products/services from us, we retain your Personal Information for so long as we determine (in accordance with our retention policy in respect of such Personal Information) that it continues to be of value to us for the purpose for which it was collected or, if earlier, you wish to hold an account with us. Details of our retention policy are available on request. Where you have made a purchase, we may keep your information for up to six years following such purchase.
Billing information – up to seven years following your purchase.
Where we are holding your name and contact details for marketing purposes but you do not hold an account with us – we retain your Personal Information for so long as we determine (in accordance with our retention policy in respect of such Personal Information) that it continues to be of value to us for the purpose for which it was collected unless you tell us that you would like us to delete your Personal Information earlier. Details of our retention policy are available on request.
Who
We may disclose certain of your Personal Information to any Proteintech employee, agent or representative or approved distributor company (only if the data subject is located in the distributor’s geographic region) as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy. Information about our approved distributors can be found at www.ptglab.com/contact/.
We may also need to share your Personal Information with our approved service providers so they can provide their services to you on our behalf, including the following:
Financial transactions relating to Proteintech services are handled by our payment services providers, Global Payments. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments, refunding, and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
We use Salesforce as our CRM service provider (Salesforce.com, inc.).
We use Salesforce Pardot to host our email marketing database and for email marketing services.
We use Voicentric (Voicentric Limited) for our telemarketing services.
We use Central Mailing Services (Central mailing Services Ltd) for our direct mailing services.
We use Adroll (AdRoll, Inc.) to provide display retargeting software.
We use the service providers set out in the Detailed information on the processing of Personal Information.
We may need to disclose your Personal Information to regulators and other authorities (including HM Revenue & Customs) where they request this.
We may also disclose your Personal Information to third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business then the new owners may use your Personal Information in the same way as set out in this policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your Personal Information and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your Personal Information for their own purposes and only permit them to process your Personal Information for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
The use of the collected data
We collect Personal Information about you to enable us to create your user account, provide our goods/services to you as well as for the following purposes: Analytics, Contacting you in respect of orders/requests you have made, Interaction with live chat platforms available on our website, managing landing and invitation pages, registration and authentication and SPAM protection.
We may also use your Personal Information (your name, contact details, employer/business name, job title and Usage Data) to send you marketing communications. To ensure that you are receiving relevant and interesting marketing communications, we will create a profile of you based on your job title, research area and geographic location.
The Personal Information used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this policy.
Detailed information on the processing of personal data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
We use Cookies and similar technologies to enable us to monitor and analyse web traffic and keep track of the behaviour of users of our website.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the information collected (including: the location of your access) to track and examine the use of our website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. The data used in this way will not be capable of identifying you.
Google AdWords conversion tracking (Google Inc.)
Google AdWords conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google that connects data from the Google AdWords advertising network with actions performed on our website.
User ID extension for Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics on this website makes use of a feature called user ID. This setup allows for a more accurate tracking of users by associating that user with the same ID over various sessions and devices. It is set up in a way that doesn’t allow Google to personally identify an individual or permanently identify a particular device.
The User ID extension might make it possible to connect data from Google Analytics with other data about the User collected by this website.
Interaction with live chat platforms
Our website allows you to interact with third party live chat platforms directly, for contacting and being contacted by our customer support service. If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the users do not actively use the service. Moreover, live chat conversations may be logged and stored in accordance with this policy.
Comm100 Widget (Comm100 Network Corporation)
The Comm100 Widget is a service for interacting with the Comm100 live chat platform provided by Comm100 Network Corporation. This enables us to answer User questions on the website.
Personal Information collected: Cookies and Usage data.
Place of processing: Canada – Privacy Policy
Registration and authentication
By registering or authenticating an account on our website, users allow this website to identify them and give them access to dedicated services.
Contacting you
Contact form
By filling in any contact form we provide to you, you authorise us to use your details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Information that may be collected using such forms includes: name, address, city, employer/business name, date of birth, email address, field of activity, first name, last name, phone number, Tax ID, User ID, VAT Number and ZIP/Postal code.
Mailing list or newsletter
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, your contact details will be added to the contact list of those who may receive messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning Proteintech. We may also send marketing communications to you if you purchase products/services from us and/or indicate an interest in doing so. We will always give you an opportunity to opt-out from receiving such communications at the time we collect your information.
We only want to contact you with marketing communications you are interested in. If you don’t want to receive such communications, you can click on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every marketing e-mail we send.
Personal Information collected: address, city, employer/business name, country, date of birth, email address, first name, last name, phone number and ZIP/Postal code.
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the user’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning Proteintech.
Further information about personal data
Selling goods and services online
Where we collect Personal Information as part of our provision of goods/services to you, such information is used to provide you with our services or to sell our goods to you, including for the purpose of processing payment and making delivery. The personal information collected to complete the payment may include the credit card, the bank account used for the transfer, or any other means of payment envisaged. The kind of information collected depends on the payment system used.
Cookie Policy
This website uses Cookies. To learn more about our use of cookies, you should consult our Cookie Policy.
Further information about data collection and processing
Legal action
Your Personal Information may be used for legal purposes by us, in Court or in the stages leading to or contemplation of possible legal action arising from improper use of this website or the related services or in respect of the purchase of any goods/services from us. The User declares to be aware that we may be required to reveal Personal Information upon request of public authorities and related bodies.
Additional information about User's Personal Information
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, our website may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Information at relevant points.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this website and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this website (System logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Information (such as IP Address).
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Information may be requested from us at any time. Please see the contact information at the end of this policy.
Our lawful basis for processing your Personal Information
We process your name, contact details, tax codes, employer/business name, job title, username and password to perform our contract with you (providing our products/services to you and/or registering and maintaining your account with us).
We process your billing information to perform our contract with you (providing our products/services to you).
We process your name, contact details, employer/business name to provide our customer services to you either on the basis of performance of our contract with you (where the customer services relate to a product/service you have purchased from us) or on the basis of our legitimate interests (where you have not made a purchase from us). We may also need to use this Personal Information to comply with a legal obligation (for example, notifying you about updates to our terms or policies).
We process your Usage Data on the basis of our legitimate interests of running our business, provision of administration and IT security, network security, fraud prevention and understanding our customer base and their browsing habits so we can improve our products/services. We may also need to process your Usage Data to comply with our legal obligations of fraud prevention and maintenance of network security.
We process you name, contact details, employer/business name, job title, field of activity and Usage Data to send you marketing communications about our products/services that we think will be of interest to you on the basis of our legitimate interests of developing our business and brand.
Your rights in respect of your personal information
Your rights under data protection law are:
the right to be informed;
the right to access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right in some circumstances to restrict processing;
the right to object to processing for direct marketing purposes;
the right, in some circumstances, to object to processing where our lawful basis for such processing is our legitimate interests;
the right to data portability;
the right to withdraw consent;
rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
You have the right, at any time, to know whether your Personal Information has been stored by us and can ask us to learn about the Personal Information contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented (in some circumstances), cancelled, updated or corrected, or (in some circumstances) for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to us at the contact details below.
You have a right at any time to make a complaint to your local supervisory authority (if you are resident in the UK this will usually be the Information Commissioner’s Office). We would however appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the supervisory authority.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to you on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification. If you object to any of the changes to the policy, you must cease using our website and/or our services and can request that Proteintech removes the Personal Information we are holding about you from our systems. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Information we hold about you.
Links to third party sites
Our website may include links to third party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow those third parties to collect or share information about you. We do not control these third party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Information
Any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an institution or an association, which is, or can be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a personal identification number.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically from this website (or third-party services employed in respect of this website), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by users of this website, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the user, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the user's IT environment.
Data Subject
The legal or natural person to whom the Personal information refers.
Data Processor
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization authorised by the Data Controller to process the Personal Information in compliance with this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization with the right, alone or jointly with another data controller, to make decisions regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of Personal Information and the means used, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this website. The data controller, unless otherwise specified, is Proteintech.
Cookies
Small piece of data stored on your device.
Contact information
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your Personal Information, please contact us by e-mail on europe@ptglab.com. Our data protection manager, Kier Wilkinson can be contacted by emailing kier@ptglab.com, calling 0161 839 3007 or by post to Proteintech Group, 4th Floor, 196 Deansgate, Manchester, M3 3WF.
Owner and Data Controller:  Proteintech Europe. 4th Floor, 196 Deansgate, Manchester, M3 3WF.
Owner contact email: europe@ptglab.com
Blog
Posted:
16 May, 2018
Share:
Backto top
×
Important Customer Notice Regarding Covid-19 Outbreak
Proteintech is committed to ensuring your research continues during the COVID-19 situation. We understand much of your research is extremely important to the health of the community.
As an original manufacturer for its entire catalog of antibodies and proteins, we are here to support you. Proteintech has five sites globally with full stock inventory available for next day delivery. For this reason, we do not anticipate any issues with our supply chain and orders received will continue to be processed as normal until further notice.
Moreover, we hope you and your family, friends and colleagues remain safe and well.
We will keep a close monitoring of the situation and will update our efforts accordingly.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us.
Close
×