http://www.mathcamp.com/terms-of-use.php
Terms of Use
Privacy and MathCamp
We respect the privacy of visitors to our Web site and the privacy of members of the MathCamp community. Please read the following to understand what information we may collect, why we collect it, and how we use it.
Information About You
We will not collect personal information about any visitor to our Web site, unless the visitor is made aware that we are collecting such information. An example of personal information we do collect, is information that can be used to make you a member or add you to our e-mail or mailing list. Personal information is also collected about participants in our MathCamp training programs, for the purposes of administering those programs and facilitating communication with other members through our website.
We will not make personal information available to any outside organizations.
When requested, we will remove a person from our e-mail or mailing list. To be removed from any list, just e-mail us indicating your request.
Information We Collect and Store Automatically
For each visitor to our Web site, certain information, such as identifying information from your Internet Service Provider and Web browser, is collected automatically. We use this information to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Web site, and to gather broad demographic information.
Use of the Forums
We have established forums for teachers with specialized interests to ask questions and share ideas. The intent is to share and encourage new ideas in teaching mathematics. But the truth is forums are open discussion groups. Although we will monitor the content daily to respond to any requests, we are not responsible for information that may be entered onto a forum that may be distasteful, profane or in any other way inappropriate. Be assured because we do collect technical information about the user that any abuses will result in immediate deletion from our system and notification to proper authorities.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us through the Contact Us page.
Terms of Use -
Copyright © 2020 MathCamp