http://www.immunology.org/about-us/acceptable-use-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Membership
Grants and Prizes
Policy and Public Affairs
Get Involved
Jobs
Contact
Register
Log in
Home //
About us //
Acceptable Use Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
1. Introduction
This is our acceptable use policy. If you use our website, it means that the policy applies to you and that you agree with it as part of our Website Terms.
We may change these terms, so we expect you to check this page from time to time as the changes will be binding on you. There may also be changes elsewhere on our site.
2. Who We Are
www.immunology.org is operated by British Society for Immunology, a UK Limited company registered in England under company number 3005933 and a charity registered under number 1043255.
Some important details about us:
Our registered office is at: 34 Red Lion Square, London, WC1R 4SG
Our trading office is at: 34 Red Lion Square, London, WC1R 4SG
Our VAT number is: GB250289313
3. What you must not do
You must not use the site to do any of the following:
Break any laws or regulations
Do anything fraudulent, or which has a fraudulent effect
Harm or attempt to harm minors
Do anything with material that does not meet our content standards (these are listed below)
Do anything with unsolicited advertising material (known as spam)
Transmit any data or material that is harmful to other programs, software, or hardware (for example, viruses, Trojan horses, worms, etc.)
Copy in any way or re-sell any part of our site (unless we allow it under our website terms)
Interfere with or damage any part of our site, equipment, network, software or storage arrangements.
4.Content Standards
Here are our content standards. They apply to all material that you contribute to our site and to all interactive services.
You must follow these standards carefully, but please also follow the spirit of them.
Your contributions must be:
Accurate (if they are factual)
Genuine (if they state opinions)
Within the law.
Your contributions must not be:
Defamatory, obscene or offensive
Likely to deceive, harass, annoy, threaten, or invade someone else's privacy.
And they must not:
Promote material that is sexually explicit
Promote violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, age, disability, or sexual orientation
Infringe anyone else's intellectual property
Be used to impersonate anyone, or misrepresent anyone's identity
Encourage or assist anything that breaks the law.
5. Interactive Services
Our standards for interactive services, such as chat rooms and bulletin boards, are as follows:
We will tell you clearly about the service
We will tell you what form of moderation we use for the site
We will try to assess risks on the site (especially for children) and will moderate if we think it is appropriate.
Please note, however, that we are not required to moderate our interactive service. We will not be responsible for any loss to anyone who does not use our site according to our standards (whether or not we have moderated the service).
6.Important Notice for Parents
Use of our interactive service by a child is subject to parental consent
If you permit your child to use the service, we advise you to explain the risks. Moderation is not always effective
Please contact us if you have a concern about moderation.
7. Disclosure to Courts
If you have to disclose Confidential Information by order of a court or other public body you may do so.
8. Suspension and Termination
If we think you have breached this policy, we will take whatever steps we think are necessary.
These might include:
Stopping your use of the site temporarily or permanently
Removing material you have put on the site
Sending you a warning
Taking legal action
Telling the right authorities.
We exclude legal responsibility and cost for actions we take to deal with your breach of our policy.
About us
History
Strategy 2016 - 2020
Trustee Report and Annual Accounts
Our people
Our partners
Contact us
Work for us
Terms and Conditions
Cancellation and Refund Policy
Payment Flow and Delivery Policy
Privacy and Security Policy
BSI Rules
Acceptable Use Policy
Cookies Policy
Income Tax Relief
Child protection policy
Code of conduct
Complaints Policy and Procedure
Data protection policy
Equality and diversity
Become a member today
Click below to find out how to become a member.
Join the Society
Immunology news
Our membership publication, published quarterly and distributed free to members both electronically and in traditional print.
Read more