https://www.quantabiodesign.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Quanta BioDesign
skip to Main Content
My AccountLogin   Search by Structure
Search
Submit
Home
dPEG® Products
Biotinylation Reagents
Chemical Modification Reagents
Click Chemistry
Crosslinking Reagents
Peptide Modification and Protected Linkers
Fluorescent Dyes and other Labels
Payload Delivery Reagents
Product Catalog
Bioconjugate Techniques
AQ™ Life Science Products
AQ Secondary Antibodies
Biotinylated Antibodies
Antibody-Enzyme Conjugates
Fluorescently Labeled Antibodies
Unconjugated Antibodies
Streptavidin/Biotin Reagents
dPEG®
Biotinylation Reagents
Fluorescent-Labeled Streptavidin
Streptavidin-HRP
Biotin Quantification
Enzyme Detection Reagents
Chemiluminescent Subtrates
Affinity Proteins
Protein A
QTalk
Events
Blog
What Is dPEG®?
Technology
dPEG® FAQ
About Us
Distributors
Leadership
QNews
Contact Us
Ordering Information
Cart0Cart
Cart
Privacy Policy	You are here:
Home » Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, and/or other identifying information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: personalize your experience, improve our website, improve customer service, process transactions, and/or send periodic emails about information and updates pertaining to your order in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.; to administer a contest, promotion, survey, or other site feature.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.)
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We also may release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce our site policies, or to protect ours or another party’s rights, property, or safety. Non-personally identifiable visitor information, however, may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We do not knowingly collect any information from/about anyone under 18 years of age.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our online privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Follow UsTwitterFacebookLinkedInPrivacy Policy
Ordering Information
Terms and Conditions
Quanta BioDesign, Ltd.
7470 Montgomery Dr.
Plain City, Ohio 43064
614-792-2958
Contact Us
SuperHydrophilic™, Aquora™, Q-Bright™ and AQ™ are trademarks of Quanta BioDesign, Ltd. dPEG® is a registered trademark of Quanta BioDesign, Ltd.
Copyright Quanta BioDesign, Ltd. 2020 - All Rights Reserved
Back To Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.