http://www.rtpi.org.uk/site-pages/terms-and-conditions/
RTPI | Terms and conditions
Skip to main content
MEnu-cancel
RTPI_LOGO
Login
Launch Search Modal
Need Planning Advice
Join us
Login
New
Arrow
New from the institute
Media, Marketing and Public Affairs Contacts
RTPI Blog
Brexit
Resource Planners for Climate Change
Coronavirus
Plan The World We Need
Corporate Strategy Hub
News
What does a place designed to promote good mental health loo…
Press Releases
/
09 Oct 2020
News
Announcing RTPI Vice President 2021 - Voting is now open fo…
Press Releases
/
21 Aug 2020
Coronavirus
Membership
Arrow
Membership
About RTPI membership
Assessment of Professional Competence
Administration fees
Professional standards
Subscriptions
Volunteering
CPD and learning
Careers support
RTPI Learning Partners
CPD
Apply
Profile
Find your RTPI
Arrow
Nations
RTPI Cymru
RTPI Ireland
RTPI Northern Ireland
RTPI Scotland
International
English Regions
East Midlands
East of England
London
North East
North West
South East
South West
West Midlands
Yorkshire
Scottish Chapters
Central Scotland
Dumfries and Galloway
East of Scotland
Grampian
Highlands and Islands
South East Scotland
West of Scotland
Networks
Independent Consultants’ Network
Planning Education and Research Network
National Association of Planning Enforcement (NAPE)
RTPI/ CIH Planning for Housing Network
Transport Planning
Urban Design Network
RTPI Young Planners
Policy and Research
Arrow
About the Team
Practice
Political Engagement
Topics
Programmes
RTPI Library Series
Research
Probity and the Professional Planner
Five Reasons For Climate Justice in Spatial Planning
Child Friendly Planning in the UK: A Review
Become a Planner
Arrow
About Planning
Bursaries
Meet a Planner
Resources for Teachers
RTPI Ambassadors
Careers support
Study at University
What a town planner does
Apprenticeships
Events, Training and Awards
Arrow
Events, Training and Awards
Events Calendar
Conferences
Awards and Social
Training
Updates
Online
RTPI Learn
Awards for Planning Excellence in the RTPI English Regions
RTPI Training
FAQs
Launch Search
Enter search terms
Search Site
Need Planning Advice
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
LINKedin TO THE PAST
Instagram
YouTube
Close Menu
Open Menu
Terms and conditions
Share
Welcome to the RTPI website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern RTPI's relationship with you in relation to this website. If you have any queries please email webmaster@rtpi.org.uk
The term "RTPI " or "us" or "we" refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 41 Botolph Lane, London EC3R 8DL. Our charity registration number is 262865 and place of registration is 41 Botolph Lane, London EC3R 8DL. The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our website.
1. Use of this website
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content or privacy policies of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
2. Cancellation of membership
If a member wishes to resign their membership, they should contact the RTPI Membership Team.  Members should note clause 16 of the RTPI Bye Laws, which states that "A Member who resigns his or her membership or whose membership is otherwise terminated shall remain liable only for any unpaid subscription then due from him or her".
3. Refund policy
Refunds are made by cheque, via PayPal or by a refund to a member's debit or credit card. The RTPI aim to provide refunds within 30 days of the payment being taken.
4. Membership
An applicant's administration fee will be refunded if an overpayment has been made.
A member's subscription will only be refunded in the following circumstances:
Overpayment amounts.
The payer can demonstrate that payment was made in error.
A deceased member's estate requests a pro-rata refund.
5. Planning Theory and Practice Journal
Four issues for Planning Theory and Practice are issued each year.  A refund will be given on request for any issues not yet released.
6. RTPI Trust Donations
Donations to the RTPI Trust are only refunded in the following circumstances:
The donor can demonstrate that the donation was made in error
It has been agreed by the RTPI Trust after an appeal
RTPI_LOGO
Useful Links
Useful Links
About the RTPI
Contact us
Work for us
Useful information
Useful information
Privacy policy
Accessibility
Terms and conditions
Contact us
Contact us
The Royal Town Planning Institute
41 Botolph Lane
London
EC3R 8DL
contact@rtpi.org.uk
020 7929 9494
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
LINKedin TO THE PAST
Instagram
YouTube
© 2020 RTPI. The RTPI is a charity registered in England (262865) and Scotland (SC 037841)
Website by Mentor Digital
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best possible experience. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with this. You can find out more about how we use cookies here. If you would like to know more about cookies, or how you can delete them, click here.
Continue