http://www.apsa.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search form
Search
Find An Analyst
Events
About PsychoanalysisAbout Psychoanalysis
Child & Adolescent Psychoanalysis
Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy
Careers in Psychoanalysis
Psychoanalytic Theory & Approaches
Psychoanalytic Terms & Concepts Defined
Empirical Studies Bibliography
Find HelpFind an Analyst
Low Fee Clinics
Psychotherapy Directory
When to See A Psychoanalyst
Help for Children & Teens
Common Mental Health Diagnoses
Research and TrainingEducational Standards
Adult Psychoanalytic Training
Child & Adolescent Psychoanalytic Training
Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy Training
Research & Academic Training ProgramsTuition Support for Academics
Training Institute Fellowships
APsaA Fellowship
Psychoanalytic Teaching Tools
Fund for Psychoanalytic Research
CORE Research Bibliography
Meetings2021 National Meeting
All Upcoming Meeting Dates
Submission Guidelines
MembershipMembership Eligibility
Active Membership
Candidate Membership
Academic Associate Membership
Associate ProgramsEducator Associates Program
Psychotherapist Associates Program
Research Associates Program
Student/Resident Associates Program
About APsaAWho We Are
News Room
Our Blog - Psychoanalysis: Unplugged
AdvocacyGovernment Relations & Insurance
Social Issues Department
Position Statements
Awards, Prizes & Fellowships
Publications
Support APsaA — Giving Opportunities
Support APsaA - Legacy Society
Mailing List Rental
ResourcesContinuing Education
American Psychoanalytic Foundation Grants
Psychoanalytic Libraries
Psychoanalytic Electronic Publishing
Teaching Psychoanalysis
Psychoanalysts in Schools
Links
Department Psychoanalytic Education
Privacy Policy
Store
Contact Us
Blog
Giving Opportunities
For MembersConnect With Us:
You are hereHome
PRIVACY POLICY
AMERICAN PSYCHOANALYTIC ASSOCIATIONPRIVACY POLICY
Please read this entire policy. By continuing to use the APsaA’s websites, you confirm that you understand and accept the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use APsaA websites. If you wish to purchase an APsaA product or service without use of an APsaA website, you may contact APsaA by phone at (212) 752-0450.
Overview
Welcome! This Privacy Policy describes the ways in which your personal data is collected and used by the American Psychoanalytic Association ("APsaA”).
It is your responsibility to review and understand this Privacy Policy prior to providing your personal data. You should also review our Terms of Use.  If you do not accept and agree to the Privacy Policy and/or Terms of Use, please refrain from providing your personal data, accessing our websites, and/or utilizing our products and services
With our websites and services constantly evolving, our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions may also change from time to time. Whenever there are changes, the modified policies will be posted on our websites and will be effective as of  that time. Each time they change, the version number displayed at the bottom of the page also will change. Consequently, each time you access or use our websites or otherwise engage with us, you accept and agree to the most current Privacy Policy and set of Terms of Use. It is your responsibility to be aware of these changes.
By using any of our Services, you agree that this Online Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Agreement govern your use of our Services and any dispute concerning the Services. Please take a few minutes to read them before using or registering to access our Services.
This Policy describes our privacy practices regarding:
What we collect and how
What we do with the information we collect
How we use the information we collect
How we disclose information and your related opt-out choices
Legal compliance, business transfers and other disclosures
How do we protect your information
For our members/customers in the EU
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@apsa.org.
What do we collect and how:
Anonymous and Aggregated Web Traffic Information.
General traffic, site usage and pages accessed, browser information, length-of-stay information, and location data, is collected and stored in log files. This type of information is collected and shared on an anonymous, aggregated basis meaning that we do not connect this information to your name or other personal information.
Personal Information (non-financial).
We may collect all or some of the following types of personal information: first and last name, street address, city, state, country, zip code, telephone number, email address, professional and educational history, demographic information and subject of inquiry, including in the following contexts:
Event Registration: If you register to participate in an APsaA event or program such as the APsaA National/Annual Meeting using online or paper registration forms, we collect and store your name, address, phone number, email address, and any additional information you voluntarily provide on the registration form.
Purchases: If you purchase a book, subscription product, or other item from the APsaA website we will collect the information necessary to fulfill your order, which may include name, address, phone number, email address and any additional information you voluntarily provide on the order form. APsaA does not store your credit card information provided online.
APsaA Member Search: We disclose the contact information APsaA members provide in the APsaA Member Directory. The directory is a reference tool for APsaA members only. Users of the directory are prohibited from providing the contact information (name, address, phone number) contained in the directory to others or using it for promotional or survey purposes without the written permission of the APsaA. Excessive use or abuse of the directory may result in loss of access for the user. APsaA will not include your contact information in the APsaA Member Directory if you opt out.
Find an Analyst: We disclose the contact information APsaA members provide in the APsaA Find an Analyst Directory. The directory is a reference tool for the public to find an analyst.  This listing contains: name, address, phone number, email address and website, groups treated, special interests, consults with, insurance accepted, and languages spoken.  As a member you can control which information is listed.
Financial Information.
We collect financial information to fulfill products or services you order. When you place an order online with us, register for an event, or pay your dues electronically, standard credit card information (card number, card type, expiration date, etc.) is collected through a third-party payer who is compliant with Payment Card Industry data security standards. The third-party payer provides us with, and we store, the last four digits of your credit card number, which is retained for purposes of issuing applicable refunds.
What we do with the information we collect:
We process your information to provide the products or services you request from us. APsaA communicates with its members, meeting attendees, and other users about, and to provide access to, education and science via APsaA’s in-person conferences and online learning programs, tools for practice management, publications, and other products and services pertinent to APsaA’s promotion of quality psychoanalytic care and efforts.  APsaA exists for the benefit of its members and users and through the support of its customers. Processing your information for the purposes described is necessary for us to conduct the business of APsaA.
Information Collected Automatically When You Use Our Services.
APsaA may collect certain information automatically when you use our Services, including but not limited to:
Web pages, content you view and links you click on while navigating within our Services;
Information about your interactions with our content, including video or audio content, such as the type of content accessed via our Services;
Information about your interactions with our email messages, such as the links you click on and whether you open or forward a message, the date and time of these interactions and the device you use to read emails;
Standard server log information; and
Information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies (see additional descriptions of these terms below).
Personalization and Tracking Technologies
Like most website operators, we, our service providers or other third parties acting on our behalf or with our permission, use embedded scripts, "cookies," web beacons, device identifiers and other tracking technologies to operate, analyze, improve and protect the security of our Services. Third-party companies that provide some of the tools and features accessible through our Services and other companies involved in the delivery of our Services and other websites also may use tracking technologies to collect information about your use of our Services.
Cookies.
Cookies are small amounts of data (often containing a unique identifier) that are stored in separate files within your computer or device’s Internet browser. Cookies are accessed and recorded by the websites you visit, so they can recognize the same browser navigating online. You can set your browser to accept or reject most cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.) It is up to you to decide whether to allow us or third parties to set cookies, but if you block cookies, you may not be able to view or access some of the features of our Services. Please be aware that certain browsers cannot block or delete so-called "Flash" cookies, which use a feature of the Adobe Flash video player to store information on your computer. For information about how to delete Flash cookies, please visit the Adobe website.
Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technologies
Web beacons (sometimes called "transparent GIFs," "clear GIFs," or "pixel tags") are small strings of code that embed a small graphic image (usually invisible) on a web page or in an email or advertisement. When your browser downloads a web beacon, the server that sends the corresponding image to your browser can recognize and store certain types of information such as cookies previously set, the time and date that you viewed the page embedded with the beacon and a description of that page.
Social Network Posting Tools and "Share" Features (Indirect Collection)
You can access various social network posting and sharing tools through our Services that are operated by third parties, including a "share" button that allows you to post links to content and features that you believe will be of interest to others on your social network pages. When you visit a page that includes one of these sharing tools, the third-party company that operates the tool may be collecting information about your browser, device and online activity through its own tracking technologies and subject to its own separate privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
How We Use The Information We Collect:
Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide you with a customized experience when using our Services and to make them more valuable to you. We only use payment and identity verification information as necessary to complete a particular transaction, provide a requested service, enforce legal rights or comply with applicable law.
In addition, we and our authorized service providers generally use other information that we or they collect about you to:
Help recognize your browser as a previous visitor and save and remember any preferences that may have been set while your browser was visiting one of our Services;
Attribute content that you post to communities we operate on our Services;
Recognize the same users as they access online or mobile services using multiple browsers or devices and deliver to them appropriate interest-based content and advertising;
Measure and analyze visitor traffic and usage patterns and improve the quality and effectiveness of our content, features, advertisements, and other communications;
Understand whether our users read email messages and click on links contained within those messages;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, comply with applicable law and enforce our Terms of Service Agreement;
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-out Choices:
The following describes some of the circumstances in which we may share information about our users:
Email
We do not share our users' email addresses with service providers. Except as described in this policy, we will not sell or rent your email address to unaffiliated third parties for their email marketing purposes, without your consent.
Provider Partners and Service Providers
To make your experience with our Services more useful and enjoyable, we may offer some features (such as social sharing tools and communities) in conjunction with third-party providers ("Provider Partners") that specialize in operating such services. We share with each of these Provider Partners such information as is useful or necessary to provide you with the services we offer through that Provider Partner. We also contract with other companies to provide specialized services to us, including but not limited to credit-card and billing processing.
Information You Post to Blogs, Discussion Communities or Social Networking Areas.
Keep in mind that any information that you choose to post to blogs, discussion communities or social networking services that we offer can be seen, collected and used by anyone who has access to the applicable service. We cannot be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information.
Legal Compliance, Business Transfers and Other Disclosures
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein or within our Services, we may occasionally release information about users of our Services when we deem such release appropriate to comply with law, respond to compulsory process or law enforcement requests, enforce our Terms of Service Agreement, or protect the rights, property or safety of users of our Services, the public, APsaA, our affiliates, or any third party. Over time, we may reorganize or transfer various assets and lines of business. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein or on our Services, we reserve the right to disclose or transfer any information we collect to third parties in connection with any proposed or actual purchase, sale, lease, merger, foreclosure, liquidation, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal, transfer, conveyance or financing of all or any portion of APsaA or our affiliates.
How do we protect your information?
We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information we hold from being accidentally lost or used or accessed in an unauthorized way. We limit access to your personal information to those employees or vendors who have a genuine business purpose to access it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorized manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach when we are legally required to do so.
For our Members/Customers in the EU:
This Privacy Policy includes information applicable to residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and users accessing the APsaA websites from within the EEA. If you are an EEA resident, this Privacy Policy provides you with information regarding your rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”).
APsaA is the data controller for the personal information collected from its members and customers. APsaA can be contacted any time at:
The American Psychoanalytic Association
309 East 49th St.
New York, NY 10017
212-752-0450
apsa.org
Transfer of Personal Data
APsaA and our websites are based in the United States and, regardless of where you access these websites, the information collected as part of that use will be transferred to and maintained on systems located in the United States. Additionally, in limited circumstances, it may be necessary for APsaA to require the transfer of personal information from a third-party entity within the EEA to the United States for APsaA to provide requested services to a customer in the EEA. In any such circumstance, APsaA will ensure that the transfer of information is made in accordance with Article 49 of the GDPR and done only to perform a contract with you or to implement pre-contractual measures taken at your request. Should it be required for APsaA to receive personal data from another entity within the EEA, to ensure there is an adequate level of protection for the rights of a European person based on the United States’ data protection laws, APsaA will make use of either the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework or contractual data protection clauses and similar legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer, use, sharing and retention of personal data from the EEA in any such circumstance.
Your Rights
The GDPR provides you with certain privacy rights, including the right to access, correct or update your personal information. You may also request to have your information deleted, although we may retain information for backups, prevention of fraud and abuse, satisfaction of legal obligations or other ongoing legitimate interests. You have the right to receive a copy of your information in a structured, machine-readable format. You may decline to share certain personal data, in which case we may not be able to provide you with some features and benefits. If you are an EEA resident, you have the right to object to our processing that is based on legitimate interests.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights granted to you by the GDPR, contact us via email at info@apsa.org or via mail to the address set forth above.
Right to Lodge a Complaint
If you are an EEA resident and you believe that APsaA has infringed on your rights under the GDPR, please contact us by sending an email to info@apsa.org or calling (212) 752-0450. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your applicable Member State.
Sensitive Information
APsaA requests that persons to whom the GDPR applies do not volunteer any personal data considered sensitive by the GDPR, including racial or ethnic origin or sexual preference, even if a field exists for such information to be voluntarily provided. APsaA is required by certain governmental agencies in the United States to inquire about some sensitive information in relation to particular services it provides, but the disclosure of such information is always voluntary for the individual concerned.
Your Opt-Out Choices.
Postal Mail.
To remove your name and postal address from lists that we sell or rent to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, or to opt-out of receiving marketing offers for other APSAA events and products by mail, please send your request to us in a letter addressed to
APsaA, Opt-Out Postal,Attn: Member Services,309 E 49th St,New York, NY  10017.
Please note that if you choose to opt-out of APsaA’s promotional mailings, you may still receive renewal notices and related offers for any magazines to which you subscribe.
Email.
You can opt-out from any APsaA email newsletter or commercial email list and prevent the collection of related email response information by our email service providers by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message and/ or by visiting the Communication Preferences page in your APsaA Profile online and updating your preferences. If you wish to disable web beacons in our email messages, turn images “off” in your email client (e.g., Outlook or Outlook Express). Please refer to the settings or options menu in your email client for more information.
Sites to Which We Link:
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
How to Correct or Update Your Information:
APsaA provides you with the ability to access and edit certain personally identifying information that you have provided to us through our Services. To update this information, please visit the "My Account" area of www.apsa.org or the “My Profile” area of connect.apsa.org. If you cannot locate such a feature, send us an email at info@apsa,org.
Security, Retention and Storage of Information:
We use commercially reasonable procedures to protect the personally-identifying information that we collect. No security system is impenetrable, however. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. Please see our Terms of Service Agreement for more information related to posting materials on our Services including our use of such materials.
For the purposes set out in this Online Privacy Policy, personally-identifying information may be transferred to, processed, stored and accessed by us, our affiliates and our unaffiliated service providers in the United States and in other jurisdictions where we or they operate. Courts and other authorities in these jurisdictions may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to access your personally-identifying information. By using the Services, you consent to this transfer, processing, storage and access of your personally-identifying information in and/or outside of the jurisdiction in which you reside.
Version 1, July 2018
News
APsaA Denounces Court Decision on Conversion Therapy
APsaA Calls for Moral Leadership
APsaA Calls for Ethical Campaigning and Fair Elections to Unite the Nation
The Holmes Commission on Racial Equality Established
APsaA Says Othering Is A Public Health Crisis
View All Posts
Share APsaA
Find An Analyst
Find a psychoanalyst in your area who can help you to make substantive, lasting changes in your life.
Find An Analyst
APsaA'S BOOKSTORE
About Psychoanalysis Brochure
$1.00
Visit the Bookstore
About Psychoanalysis /
Help Center /
Research and Training /
Meetings /
Publications /
About APsaA /
Resources /
Membership Connect With Us:
© 2009-2020 American Psychoanalytic Association
/ Terms of Use
/ Privacy Policy
309 East 49th Street, New York, NY 10017 |
Phone: (212) 752-0450					 | info@apsa.org