https://www.suez.com/en/general-terms-of-use
Skip to main content
General terms of use
SUEZ (hereinafter “SUEZ”) allows users to access the present website www.suez.com (hereinafter “the Website”). Users who access the Website undertake to comply with the present General Terms of Use (“GTU”).
Legal information
Legal information
General
Intellectual property
Hypertext links
Personal data protection
Responsibilities and liability
Governing law
Photos
Website design
Legal information
This website www.suez.com (the "Website") is the property of SUEZ SA (hereinafter "SUEZ")
Publisher: SUEZ, Société Anonyme (limited company) Nanterre Trade & Companies Register no. B 433 466 570
Head office: Tour CB21, 16, place de l’Iris, 92040 Paris La Défense Cedex France
Telephone no.: +33 1 58 81 20 00
Legal Representative: Bertrand Camus
This website is hosted at SUEZ, Tour CB21, 16, place de l’Iris, 92040 Paris La Défense Cedex, France
General
This Website provides information about the activities of SUEZ and its subsidiaries. SUEZ endeavours to ensure that the information published on the Website is accurate and up-to-date, and reserves the right to amend the content of the Website at any time and at its discretion alone.
The Privacy Policy forms an integral part of these General Terms and Conditions of Use.
Intellectual property
The trademarks and logos (semi-figurative trademarks) that appear on the website are registered trademarks held by or licensed to SUEZ SA (or its subsidiaries). Any total or partial reproduction or representation, on its own or with other items, is strictly prohibited without express prior written authorisation from SUEZ.
The general layout, logos, illustrations, names, software, text, images, photographs, products, videos, sounds, know-how, animations and, in general, all the information and content that appears on the Website, are the exclusive property of SUEZ.
Any total or partial representation, modification, reproduction or misrepresentation of all or part of the Website or its content, by any process whatsoever and on any medium whatsoever is prohibited and would constitute an infringement of intellectual property rights.
Any databases that appear on the Website are also protected. Accordingly, SUEZ expressly prohibits any reuse, reproduction or extraction of items from these databases.
SUEZ reserves the right to remove immediately and without prior notice any content, message, text, image or graphic that may contravene the laws and regulations in force and in particular the above mentioned regulations, these General Terms and Conditions of Use, the community regulations and SUEZ's Ethical Charter.
Any use of the components of the Website (text, images, etc.) must be expressly authorised in writing beforehand by Suez, by sending a written request to contact@suez.com.
Hypertext links
The Website may contain links to other parties' Websites. SUEZ disclaims all responsibility for the content of third party websites and shall not be liable for the how they are used.
Personal data protection
Browsing and the use of all or some of the features and functionality of the Website by the User involve collecting and processing personal data about the user, whose terms and conditions of execution are set forth in the Website's privacy policy.
Accordingly, SUEZ, as identified above, is the processing manager and undertakes to comply with the personal data protection regulations, namely European Regulation no. 2016-679 of 27 April 2016 and the French Data Protection Act no. 78-17 of 6 January 1978, as amended by Order no. 2018-1125 of 12 December 2018.
The Website's Users are invited to refer to the Website Privacy Policy, to find out about and exercise their rights, and in particular their right to view, correct and delete data, to limit processing and to the portability of data.
Responsibilities and liability
SUEZ shall not be held liable for delays, problems in use or incompatibility between this Website and your files, browser or any other program used to access the Website.
SUEZ shall not under any circumstances be held liable for any direct or indirect damage resulting from or subsequent to the propagation by a third party of a virus through the Website that may infect your computer system as a result of your visiting, using or browsing this Website. Similarly, SUEZ shall not be liable for direct or incidental damage (including, without limitation, technical failure, leaking of confidential documents, data loss, corruption, loss, misuse or unauthorised communication of files or data, including personal data), or any other indirect damage of any kind arising from or in relation to the use of the Website.
SUEZ and its contributors take all reasonable steps to ensure that the information available on this Website is accurate and up-to-date, and reserves the right to revise its content at any time, without notice. Nevertheless, SUEZ cannot guarantee that the information is comprehensive or that it will not be falsified by a third party (by hacking, a virus etc.). Suez reserves the right to correct, change and delete the content of the information published on the Website at any time and without notice. However, SUEZ and its contributors do not guarantee and assume no responsibility as to the suitability, order, accuracy, freedom errors, veracity, relevance, loyal and commercial nature, quality, reality or availability of the information contained on this Website. Each user assumes the risks linked to the credence that he grants this information. Incorrect information or omissions may occur, in particular due to spelling errors or page layout. If you notice an error, kindly inform us about it by contacting the Website administrator via the Website contact form so that it can be corrected.
The components of the Website are provided on an “as is” basis, without any guarantee of any kind, either implicit or explicit.
SUEZ reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change or remove any component of the Website. Pursuant to its policy of Website updating and optimization, SUEZ may amend these Terms and Conditions.
Any dated information published on the Website is valid solely for the date specified.
Each user must take the appropriate steps to protect his own data and/or software from infection by any viruses that are circulating on the internet.
The site provides access to other Websites operated by SUEZ or SUEZ group companies, which may have their own legal notices, which users should consult.
Each user shall be responsible for the content he publishes, posts, shares, exchanges or uploads to the Website.
Governing law
The Website, its Terms and Conditions of Use, its community regulations, SUEZ's Ethical Charter and all the items relating thereto are governed by French law. Any disputes relating thereto shall be referred to the courts having jurisdiction in Paris, France.
Photos
©Abel Oro Figueroa, ©Christophe Soresto, ©David Plas Photography, ©Didier Depoorter_photodepoorter, ©Francesco Toiati, ©Holly Baird, ©Kasia Kozinski _Myphotoagency, ©Lydec, ©Patrick Wack, ©S. Chappaz
©Croix Rouge, ©ATD Quart Monde
©SUEZ / Abaca Press / Michel Martinez Boulanin, Laurent Pascal, Patrick Wack,
©SUEZ Australia Holding PtyLtd / Stephen Antonopoulos,
©SUEZ / Agence Heidi,
©SUEZ / Pleine Ouverture / Axel Perez,
©SUEZ / Krista Boggs, William Daniels, Franck Dunouau, Cyrille Dupont, Denis Felix, Oscar Garcia, Tito Herrera, Felix Ledru Bruno Paget, Véronique Paul, David Plas, Pierre Emmanuel Rastoin, Xavier Swchebel, Eric Thibaud,
©SUEZ / CAPA pictures / Pierre-Olivier Callede, Luna Coppola, Julien Lutt, Pierre Olivier, Patrick Sordoillet,
©SUEZ / Megamark,
©SUEZ / MH Productions / Philippe Mencia,
©SUEZ / Trilogi'c / Thierry Duvivier,
©SUEZ_JCC_UNDP,
©Getty Images, ©iStock, ©Offset, ©Pixabay, ©Shutterstock, ©Thinkstock, ©Unsplash, ©www.drapeauxdespays.fr,
©SUEZ International / Cheikh Bourgui
©RATP - Bruno Marguerite
©The Explorers
©World Economic Forum / Ciaran McCrickard
©Patrice Le Bris - Arkema
Some of the images were taken by our partner The Explorers, with whom we are contributing to the inventory of the planet's natural capital.
Website design
Managed by: SUEZ's Digital Communication Department
Design, Consulting: Publicis.Sapient
How can we help you?
Cookies Policy
Top search words
Search
Search
Search
Close
Contact us
Location map
Social Share Toggle
Share Twitter
Share Facebook
Share LinkedIn
TOP
TOP
Copied to clipboard
Scan this QRCode with your mobile app WeChat to share it with your friends and in your moment
Manage your cookie preferences
When you browse our site, data may be saved or read from your browser or device. Certain technical cookies are necessary to ensure the site works correctly. These are used for areas such as security, ergonomics and language choice, and are therefore always active. They do not contain any personal data. You can deactivate them using your browser's cookie settings.
Only the "SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE" may store personal details (your IP address). SUEZ uses this cookie to analyse your browsing and measure the website's audience. The button below allows you to deactivate or reactivate this cookie at any time.
Activate/deactivate the Sitecore Analytics cookie
Validate