https://www.arabacademy.com/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Overview
The Arab Academy has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site: ArabAcademy.com
Please note: In compliance with the commendable new EU  General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) , the following is a summary of our use of your data and how we plan to keep it safe for as long as you are with us:
– Any personal information input by yourself anywhere in our domain(s) is used only to personalize your experience and provide you with our services. Any third party involvement is done under the highest level of care and security. We liase with all our partners to ensure that their policies are in line with our own and with GDPR, so that your information is safeguarded at all times.
– Your consent is required in sending you e-mails for the purposes of promotion or in providing you with updates regarding our programs and services
– Your legal rights allow you to request us to disclose any information about you that we have procured through you or otherwise
– We understand that whenever you give us information on yourself, you do so in confidence, and we will always be committed to protecting it
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to ensure that only registered users can access certain areas of the site. Furthermore, Cookies are used by third parties to keep track of users’ academic progress and in-site preferences, and for other purposes necessary to provide the best service.
Personal Information
Our site’s registration forms require users to give us contact information (like their name, Email, and postal address) and personal information (age, native language, religion, etc.). Contact information from the registration forms is used to get in touch with the user when necessary and keep a track record of his/her performance on the courses. Personal information is used to assess the needs of users (as well as requirements of sponsors) should students apply for financial aid. Such information will not be shared by any third party and is strictly for the site”s administrative use. Arab Academy, and any third parties with which Arab Academy shares any information for the purposes of providing the best possible service, is fully committed to the protection of your personal information.
Social Media
Arab Academy makes use of an array of social media platforms for the purposes of engagement and entertainment/educational content dissemination. This is done only on an “organic” basis, which means that content published on these platforms are not paid for. Any future changes to our social media use will be reflected in our privacy policy.
Google Analytics
Our website utilizes Google Analytics services only for purposes of monitoring website traffic and growth. No personal data or information is collected.
Storing and transferring information internationally
The internet represents a global environment and we work with third parties across the world, collecting and using your personal information may involve the transfer of this information internationally, including outside of the EU. By using our products and services you acknowledge and agree to your personal information being transferred in this way.
Ensuring that information is transferred securely is of the utmost importance.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We would like to take this opportunity to reaffirm our commitment to the safety of our users’ personal information and data. We are constantly working together to ensure that your use of our services is done without you having to worry about misuse of whatever personal information you may have shared with us through any medium.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact: webmaster@arabacademy.com
Copyright © Arab Academy. All Rights Reserved
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy
Cookies and other technologies may be used, by us or by third parties, to personalize and improve your experience, perform analytics, and advertise our services and products. By clicking “I agree” below, you agree to our terms and conditions and consent to the use by us and our third-party partners of cookies and data gathered from your use of our platforms.
Please take a moment to review our terms and conditions and privacy policy. I agreeThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close