http://www.bbk.ac.uk/privacy
Skip to main content
Home
Find a course
Study
Study here
Undergraduate study
Postgraduate study
MPhil/PhD research
Short courses
Entry requirements
Financial support
How to apply
Come and meet us
Evening study explained
International Students
Student Services
Business Services
Library
Life at Birkbeck
Student life at Birkbeck
The Birkbeck Experience
Boost your career
About Birkbeck
About us
Find us
Contact us
Research
Schools and Departments
Events
News
You are here:
Birkbeck, University of London
About Birkbeck
Policies and procedures
Privacy
Info
Privacy
In common with all universities, it is necessary for Birkbeck to process the personal data of many individuals in order to carry out its mission. We take our responsibilities to process data transparently, fairly, lawfully, safely and securely very seriously - and this page is part of our efforts to inform individuals about what we are doing in this regard.
Our Data Protection Policy governs our overall approach to data protection, which is overseen by our Data Protection Officer (DPO).
If you are in any doubt you may contact our DPO by email.
About our processing and our privacy notices
Birkbeck has many different types of relationship with many different groups of people, and some people have more than one relationship with Birkbeck (for example, one person may be both a student and member of staff). It is not possible to provide one single privacy notice that accurately describes all these processing activities. Therefore separate notices are provided that describe each processing activity.
It should be noted that more than one privacy notice may apply to the processing of your personal data for different purposes. This should be made clear to you at the point where your personal data is collected. It should also be clearly described in the privacy notice itself. All our privacy notices are available below.
Our privacy notices each explain how Birkbeck collects, uses and shares personal data and your rights in relation to the personal data that we hold for a given purpose. It includes a description of the purpose of processing, information about how personal data is used, our lawful bases for processing, how long it is retained for, and the nature of any processing by other data processors or controllers.
Your rights
If your personal data is processed by Birkbeck you have a number of rights in relation to that processing. You will find these rights set out in the relevant privacy notices. For more information and guidance please contact the Data Protection Officer.
My privacy control
From My Privacy Control (or the My Privacy Control option if you are already logged into My Birkbeck), you can control your privacy settings. This facility will be enhanced over time. At the moment it allows you to see and control how Birkbeck, University of London will contact you about courses, research, events and other opportunities we think you might be interested in knowing about.
Privacy notices
The following privacy notices describe how we process personal data in the course of undertaking our core functions. If you think any privacy notices are missing, please contact the Data Protection Officer.
ID
Version date
Processing purposes covered
Scope
BBKPN001.2
21 August 2019
Admissions and study
For people who wish to study at Birkbeck, are in the process of study at Birkbeck, or who have finished study at Birkbeck (commonly referred to as applicants, students and former students).
BBKPN002.1
26 June 2018
Keeping in touch
For the purpose of keeping in touch with people who want to hear about opportunities and events at Birkbeck. In particular this includes marketing to prospective students who may wish to study at Birkbeck.
BBKPN003.0
24 May 2018
Visitors to our website and online self-service applications
Our use of monitoring facilities to track your use of our public websites (such as www.bbk.ac.uk) and online services (such as My Birkbeck, Moodle, Panopto).
BBKPN004.1
6 June 2019
Friends, alumni and donors
How we collect, use and share personal data and your rights in relation to information we hold about our alumni.
BBKPN005.0
25 May 2018
Staff
In order to carry out its duties as an employer, Birkbeck must collect and process data relating to its staff. This privacy notice explains how we collect, use and share your personal data and your rights in relation to your information.
BBKPN006.1
26 June 2018
IT User Account
For the purpose of providing IT user accounts (Birkbeck accounts).
BBKPN007.1
26 June 2018
Library user
For the purpose of using library services.
BBKPN008.1
26 June 2018
ASK
For the purpose of operating a managed process to receive, record and resolve queries from enquirers.
BBKPN009.2
11 December 2018
Research
For the purpose of conducting research for the benefit of society.
BBKPN010.2
11 December 2018
Birkbeck Talent
For the purpose of Birkbeck Talent - Birkbeck’s specialist recruitment consultancy.
BBKPN011.1
17 March 2019
Events
For the purpose of organising, booking and attending events.
BBKPN012.0
28 May 2019
Payment Gateway
For the purpose of processing online payments.
BBKPN013.2
30 July 2019
Promotion
For the purpose of promoting College activities and student life.
BBKPN014.3
30 July 2019
Student research
For the purpose of representing research students and their research.
BBKPN017.2
29 September 2018
Studiosity
For the purpose of providing Birkbeck students with access to Studiosity.
Records retention
The length of time we hold your data is set out in each of the relevant privacy notices. The retention periods are different for different purposes - please note that the same data may be processed for different purposes with different retention periods. In these cases, the longest retention period will apply.
Data processors used by Birkbeck
The College uses a number of carefully selected third parties to provide services on its behalf. In some cases, this requires some elements of the data we hold about you to be passed to them for the express purpose of providing a service to you on our behalf. In each case, a data sharing agreement is in place that prevents the third party from making any use of the data provided for any purpose other than that expressly agreed and requiring the provider to securely destroy the data once the service has been provided.
Processors used include, but are not limited to:
Processor
Purpose
University of London
Production of degree certificates
University of London
SaaS hosting (Moodle)
Unit4 Business Software Ltd.
SaaS hosting (Business World)
Microsoft
Office 365
Google Inc.
Google apps
Euclid Ltd.
ID card production and fulfilment
Global Payments Inc.
Online card payment services
Explorance Inc.
Student module evaluation surveys (Blue)
Complaints and suggestions
If you are unhappy with the College’s handling of your personal data or believe that the requirements of GDPR may not be fully complied with, you should contact the College’s Data Protection Officer in the first instance. You may also follow the College’s formal complaint procedure, and you have the right to submit a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office.