http://www.jove.com/authors/editorial-policies
Login processing...
Skip to content
Trial ends in
Request Full Access
Tell Your Colleague About Jove
Scope
Objectives and Criteria
Previously Published Work
Decision on Publication
Animal & Human Research
Manuscript Review
Authorship
Publication Time
Publication Costs
Copyright & License Policies
Corporate Sponsorship & Commercial Use
For UK Authors
Videographer Network
Scope
Behavior
JoVE Behavior publishes observational and experimental techniques to understand human and/or animal behavior. This section includes methods for analysis of the genetic causes and physiological responses to internal and external stimuli, as well as examining implicated brain regions.
Specific topics included in this section are as follows:
Cognitive neuroscience
Cognition (attention, reasoning, decision making)
Virtual reality and perception
Sexual and motivational behaviors
Social awareness and interactions
Learning and memory
Sleep and circadian rhythms
Linguistics
Addiction
Emotion
Control of movement
Consciousness
If your research falls within this scope, and you would like to contact an editor about publishing, please email submissions@jove.com.
Biochemistry
JoVE Biochemistry publishes methods that advance understanding of the structure and function of biomolecules (such as proteins, nucleic acids, carbohydrates, lipids, and metabolites), as well as their interactions and transformations during biological processes.
Specific topics included in this section are as follows:
Biomolecule structure and function
Cellular metabolism
Lipid and membrane biochemistry
Protein-protein and protein-nucleic acid interactions
Protein folding, modification, and enzymology
Bioseparation and purification
If your research falls within this scope, and you would like to contact an editor about publishing, please email submissions@jove.com.
Bioengineering
JoVE Bioengineering publishes methods and techniques that merge physical and life sciences to understand basic biological processes and functions. This section also features physical science tools and approaches for improving the measurement, diagnosis and treatment of disease.
Specific topics included in this section are as follows:
Tissue engineering
Biosensors
Bio-imaging techniques and equipment
Cell topography
Therapeutic materials
High throughput analysis
Microfluidics
Synthetic substrates and materials for bio-applications
Robotic therapeutics
If your research falls within this scope, and you would like to contact an editor about publishing, please email submissions@jove.com.
Biology
JoVE Biology publishes methods used in the fields of cellular, molecular and organismal biology, ranging from new applications of standard techniques to novel approaches aimed at understanding basic biological functions of living organisms.
Specific topics included in this section are as follows:
Cell signaling pathways and cell communication
Bioinformatics
Cellular and molecular imaging
Cellular therapeutics
In vivo and in vitro models of disease
Metabolism
Models of aging
If your research falls within this scope, and you would like to contact an editor about publishing, please email submissions@jove.com.
Cancer Research
JoVE Cancer Research publishes techniques used in the study of cancer biology. This section features research methodologies addressing carcinogenesis, mechanisms of drug resistance, diagnosis, metastasis, and innovative therapeutics.
Specific topics included in this section are as follows:
Oncogenesis and tumor suppression
Tumor angiogenesis and host-tumor interactions
Mutagenesis and metastasis of cancer cells
Cancer stem cells
Cancer biomarkers
Cancer epigenetics, genetics, and genomics
In vivo and in vitro tumor models
Tumor imaging
Cancer therapeutics and surgical oncology
If your research falls within this scope, and you would like to contact an editor about publishing, please email submissions@jove.com.
Chemistry
JoVE Chemistry publishes methods from a broad scope of disciplines including analytical, organic, polymer, physical, and inorganic chemistry. This section also includes design and preparation of materials and small molecules for advanced or unique applications.
Specific topics included in this section are as follows:
Structural characterization
Electronic spectroscopy
Nuclear and electronic characterization (NMR, EPR, etc)
Electrochemistry
Molecular kinetics
Mass spectrometry
Synthesis and purification
Column chromatography
Synthetic biology
If your research falls within this scope, and you would like to contact an editor about publishing, please email submissions@jove.com.
Developmental Biology
JoVE Developmental Biology publishes methods and techniques used for studying biological development in vitro and/or in vivo at the molecular, cellular, tissue, organ and whole organism levels.
Specific topics included in this section are as follows:
Gametogenesis and fertilization
Embryogenesis
Morphogenesis and organogenesis
Stem cell biology and nuclear reprogramming
Regeneration and repair
Mechanisms of differentiation
Genetic and epigenetic control of development
Evolutionary developmental biology
Aging and senescence
If your research falls within this scope, and you would like to contact an editor about publishing, please email submissions@jove.com.
Engineering
JoVE Engineering publishes methods and techniques utilized in engineering and applied physics. Methods include contributions from mechanical, electrical, and chemical engineers, as well as physicists and materials scientists.
Specific topics included in this section are as follows:
Device fabrication
Electronic systems
Optics and photonics
Applied mechanics
Materials science
Advanced manufacturing
If your research falls within this scope, and you would like to contact an editor about publishing, please email submissions@jove.com.
Environment
JoVE Environment publishes research methodologies and techniques to study Earth's processes and ecosystems and to address environmental problems. This section features lab and field-based methods from a broad range of interdisciplinary environmental research fields, as well as agricultural and food science.
Specific topics included in this section are as follows:
Alternative energy sources
Biofuels
Green chemistry
Environmental engineering
Ecology
Marine biology
Oceanography
Soil and agricultural sciences
Ecotoxicology and ecological health
Forestry and botany
Atmospheric and geoscience
If your research falls within this scope, and you would like to contact an editor about publishing, please email submissions@jove.com.
Genetics
JoVE Genetics publishes methods addressing all areas of genetics (in all organisms), including genomics, gene expression, genetic engineering and epigenetics. This section also highlights advances in sequencing technologies and their applications.
Specific topics included in this section are as follows:
Gene discovery and genetic screens
Gene regulation, function, and expression
DNA replication, repair, and recombination
Chromosome biology and genome organization
Epigenetics
Evolutionary genetics
Sequencing technologies
Comparative and functional genomics
Medical genetics and gene therapy
If your research falls within this scope, and you would like to contact an editor about publishing, please email submissions@jove.com.
Immunology and Infection
JoVE Immunology and Infection publishes methods and techniques for evaluating biological responses to pathogens, immune responses to infection, basic microbiology and novel therapeutics or treatments for infectious organisms.
Specific topics included in this section are as follows:
Microbiology
Immunology
Allergic diseases
Immune cell development and autoimmune diseases
Pathogenic bacteria, fungi, parasites, viruses, and infectious prions
In vivo and in vitro modeling of pathogenesis
Carrier organisms
Global health studies
Epidemiological techniques
If your research falls within this scope, and you would like to contact an editor about publishing, please email submissions@jove.com.
Medicine
JoVE Medicine publishes biomedical research methods as well as clinical applications. This section features animal models of disease, medical procedures, surgeries, patient case studies, and clinical trial methodologies.
Specific topics included in this section are as follows:
Internal medicine
Clinical trials
Animal models of disease
Surgical subspecialties (cardiothoracic, neuro, orthopaedic, oral and maxillofacial, transplant)
Clinical teaching resources
Human physiology
In vivo imaging techniques (ultrasound, CT, PET, MRI)
If your research falls within this scope, and you would like to contact an editor about publishing, please email submissions@jove.com.
Neuroscience
JoVE Neuroscience publishes methods for investigating the structure, function, physiology, and pathophysiology of the brain and nervous system. Potential treatment platforms and surgical techniques for neurological diseases and disorders are also included in this section.
Specific topics included in this section are as follows:
Cellular and molecular neurobiology
Systems neuroscience
Development and neural plasticity
Neurobiology of disease
Electrophysiology
Neurogenesis and neural stem cells
Neurosurgery and neuroimaging
SCI models
Neurotransmitters and neuronal cell signaling
If your research falls within this scope, and you would like to contact an editor about publishing, please email submissions@jove.com.
JoVE's Objectives and Criteria for Publication
Objectives
JoVE is a scientific methods journal providing rapid and efficient publication of methodology in biological, medical, chemical and physical research. JoVE articles are video based (we call them video methods articles) which ensures a more effective transfer of information and experimental detail than with traditional text-based articles. JoVE publishes novel methods, innovative application of existing techniques, and gold standard protocols that enable a greater level of experimental transparency. A detailed text protocol and representative results accompany every video to further expand the impact of our video articles.
Criteria
JoVE accepts articles based on scientific validity and degree of usefulness to the scientific community, with particular emphasis placed on the ability to provide detailed information on how a given research procedure is performed. Other important criteria for publication include coherence and clarity of presentation, compliance with research standards, technical quality, and general impact. These qualities are assessed by JoVE's editors and external peer reviewers.
To learn more about JoVE's objectives and scope, please see our About page or e-mail submissions@jove.com with questions.
Submission of Previously Published Work
JoVE does publish methods and techniques that have been used to generate data previously published in results-driven journals. In all cases, JoVE requires original manuscript text that does not overlap with any other article, either previously published or at any stage in the publication process. If an author uses representative results or figures from a prior publication, the author must obtain permission from the original publisher and include appropriate citation. JoVE encourages authors to publish the most recent version of their method, especially if the method has been improved upon following original use.
Final Decision on Publication
JoVE editors work with authors, external peer reviewers and editorial board members to publish the best scientific practices in our journal. While we greatly value the input of our peer reviewers and editorial boards, final editorial decisions are made by JoVE's in-house editorial and production staff.
Some authors are invited to submit an article; however, this does not guarantee publication. In addition, the journal reserves the right to retract a manuscript at any point in the submission process if there are any concerns with its content.
Animal and Human Research
Animal Studies
Since JoVE articles contain both video and text components, authors must have explicit, written permission to show animals on film from the regulatory groups overseeing their studies. This permission may be in the form of an approved animal protocol, an addendum to a protocol, a letter from the animal use committee, or the equivalent. For protocols that use live animals (i.e. vertebrates and higher invertebrates), authors must state that all experiments were completed in accordance and compliance with all relevant regulatory and institutional guidelines. All manuscripts and videos must include a statement that the demonstrated protocol was approved by the authors' animal use governing body. All articles involving laboratory animals are reviewed by JoVE's independent Veterinary Advisory Board to ensure compliance with these guidelines.
Veterinary Review
For videos that involve the use of laboratory animals, the completed article is reviewed by our specialist veterinary board to ensure compliance with animal welfare standards. Please note that authors are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with their local animal research guidelines and obtaining permission to film, if required.
Human Subjects
All studies involving human subjects must explicitly state that informed consent is required and has been obtained for the subjects in the video demonstration. Authors also must state that their research has been performed in compliance with all institutional, national and international guidelines for human welfare. These statements must be made within both the manuscript and video. Human subjects appearing in a film must have a signed Talent Release Form on file. Authors should also ensure that they have the proper permission from their institutional review board or other regulatory groups overseeing their studies to film human subjects. Authors must make sure that subjects understand the format and distribution of the publication.
If questions or concerns arise regarding the use of animals or human subjects, reviewers may be contacted to provide advice in addition to JoVE’s independent Veterinary Advisory Board. See the Author License Agreement or the Author License Agreement UK for additional information.
Manuscript Review Process
JoVE relies on a strong editorial and peer review process to select manuscripts for publication. Only those articles that fit within the aim and scope of JoVE will be considered for publication. Each submitted manuscript initially undergoes a quality evaluation to ensure compliance with JoVE’s Manuscript Instructions for Authors. Submissions may be returned to authors with revision suggestions at this stage and will not be sent for further peer review until passing quality control. Following peer review, authors will be provided with comments and suggestions from reviewers and editors. Peer reviewers are instructed to focus on accuracy, rationale, limitation and comparisons to existing methods in their reviews.
Reviewer Selection
When submitting a manuscript, authors will be asked to suggest 3 peer reviewers and provide their contact information. Authors are encouraged to select reviewers who have expertise in the topic of study and are well-versed in the aspects of the methods presented. Authors should not recommend peer reviewers with whom they directly work, but recommendation of colleagues within their field is encouraged.
Authors also have the opportunity to request the exclusion of peer reviewers or editors from the peer review of their article. JoVE will respect these requests as long as they do not interfere with the rigorous and objective evaluation of the manuscript.
JoVE editorial staff will make the final decision regarding all peer review selections and exclusions. Please see our peer review guidelines and our policy on conflict of interest for more information.
Authorship
JoVE requests that authorship is assigned to those who contributed to the content of the article. Contributions can be conceptual, developmental and physical. Authorship can be assigned based upon the conventions of specific fields. JoVE does not require that all authors appear in the video portion of the article, but please consider acknowledgement of all who do appear.
JoVE assumes that the corresponding author represents all authors during the publication process, but the published corresponding author may differ from that used for correspondence with the editorial office during the submission and publication process.
If any discrepancies in authorship arise, JoVE requires that all authors on the manuscript approve the authorship in writing. JoVE reserves the right to contact any individuals who the corresponding author asks to be added or removed from the list of authors.
Publication Time
Video Produced by JoVE
After submission, each manuscript will be editorially and peer reviewed, which is typically a 1-2 month process. Once a text article passes review, a script will be generated. Generally, a filming date will be scheduled within 4-8 weeks after acceptance. A videographer will be sent to the authors’ site to film a demonstration of the procedure. Authors will need to have everything prepared so filming can take place within one day. We ask that on the day of filming all parties involved arrive on time and prepared to film. Preparation includes, but is not limited to: the manufacturing and procurement of reagents, ensuring instrumentation is operational, cooperation during the scriptwriting process, having a clean/presentable lab and making sure experimental subjects are available. In the event of filming being delayed, aborted or requiring re-shooting due to a lack of organization from the client, JoVE reserves the right to charge the relevant days filming costs. A site re-visit to carry out further works may incur additional costs of up to $1,000.
Following filming, footage will be sent back to our video editing studio where it will be spliced together and professional voiceovers, text and graphics will be added. Once a rough cut is generated (typically 6-8 weeks post-filming) authors will have the opportunity to review the video to ensure it correctly represents their method. Any necessary scientific changes will be incorporated into the video. Following final author approval, the video and text article will be published on the JoVE website and indexed in PubMed/MEDLINE, Web of Science, SciFinder, and Scopus. The time from submission to publication generally takes 5-8 months. Please note that any protocol with animal work requires an additional veterinary review; these articles may take longer to be published.
Video Produced by Author
After submission of the manuscript and a low resolution version of your video (<50 MB), the manuscript and video will be reviewed by both our editorial and production staff. This review can take several weeks. Authors should only select this publication option if they are located outside of our videographer network and they or their colleagues have the technical expertise to edit video and audio. Authors will only have two rounds of revisions to comply with our stringent Video Produced by Author Criteria. If the text and video comply with our guidelines, both the text and a full resolution version of the video will be sent out for peer review. If accepted, the video and text article will be published on the JoVE website and indexed in PubMed/MEDLINE, Web of Science, SciFinder, and Scopus. Submission to publication generally takes 4-7 months. Please note that any protocol with animal work requires an additional veterinary review; these articles may take longer to be published.
Cost of Publication
Articles with Video Produced by JoVE
Authors may choose to publish in standard access, meaning that the viewer needs to have a JoVE subscription to see the full-text article and video, or open access, meaning that anyone can see the full-text article and video. For more information, see our Author License Agreement. For authors in the United Kingdom, please see our UK Author License Agreement and our page on UK compliance.
Standard access: $2,400
Open access: $4,200
Cancellation Fee
Submissions may be canceled with no penalty up until the point at which a script has been generated. A fee of $1,200 will be charged if filming is canceled by the author after a script is written.
Articles with Video Produced by Author
Authors may choose to publish in standard access, meaning that the viewer needs to have a JoVE subscription to see the full-text article and video, or open access, meaning that anybody can see the full-text article and video. For more information, see our Author License Agreement. For authors in the United Kingdom, please see our UK Author License Agreement and our page on UK compliance.
Standard access: $1,200
Open access: $3,000
Copyright and License Policies
In general, authors own the copyright to the written article, but grant JoVE the exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual use of the article, regardless of access type. Video copyrights are owned by JoVE unless the author selects open access, where it is then published under the creative commons license(CRC 3.0, by,nc,nd). The author may use the video and article for non-commercial purposes. Full copyright information is available in our Author License Agreement, or for UK-funded authors our Author License Agreement UK.
Corporate Sponsorship and Commercial Use
JoVE does allow publication of corporate sponsored articles with the inclusion of necessary disclosures. Each manuscript, regardless of sponsorship, undergoes the same rigorous review process. Disclosing of corporate sponsorships provides the reader with the information necessary to independently assess the work, but does not invalidate the author's submission and work done by reviewers.
Under JoVE's article and video license agreement, authors may only use their article and video for noncommercial purposes. Should the author wish to use the article or video for commercial purposes (i.e. using it for marketing a product or any other for-profit venture), the authors should contact our business development team at industry@jove.com.
JoVE does encourage its authors to use their JoVE publication for academic and educational purposes, as this fulfills our mission of increasing the dissemination of scientific knowledge. Authors can embed the video on their lab website and use the video at educational and scientific meetings. If you need help, then please contact your editor or support@jove.com.
For UK Authors
To help UK authors comply with their mandates on Open Access, JoVE provides the ‘Gold’ and ‘Green’ routes to Open Access for UK authors.
Gold route: JoVE provides immediate and unrestricted access to the final published version of the paper on JoVE’s website and it is made available using CC-BY License. Authors can immediately self-deposit the final published version of the paper in other repositories without restriction on reuse.
Green route: Authors can self-deposit the final accepted manuscript in any repository, without restriction on non-commercial reuse, with a 6-month embargo if required by their funding mandate.
The UK Author License Agreement is available here. For further questions, please contact us at editorial-office@jove.com.
Videographer Network
Search our Videographer Network
Get cutting-edge science videos from JoVE sent straight to your inbox every month.
X