http://www.mcfarlandstandards.com/privacy.php
Privacy Policy
APS Analytical Standards are owned and operated by GFS Chemicals, Inc. All products, services, trademarks and logos are property of GFS Chemicals, Inc.
Information Collection and Use
GFS Chemicals, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share or rent this information to any third party for any reason. GFS Chemicals may use your personal information only to communicate with you regarding your requests and inquiries. GFS Chemicals may on occasion use your email address to inform you of special promotions or news.
Logging and Tracking
When you visit the Web site, GFS Chemicals receives and records information on its server logs from your browser, including IP Address, cookies information and requested pages. This usage information helps us to evaluate how our visitors and registered users use and navigate the Web site on an aggregate basis, including the number and frequency of visitors and registered users to each web page, and the length of their visits. This information is not linked to any identifiable personal information and is not shared with any third party for any reasons.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both online and offline. When any user submits information via our online shopping carts, that information is encrypted and is protected. As previously stated, we do not sell, share or rent this information to any third party.
Links
The APS Web site contains links to other sites. GFS Chemicals is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites we may link to, unless they are also owned and operated by GFS Chemicals. We as that all users read the privacy statements of each Web site.
The above privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for GFS Chemicals. The statement represents the most recent version of our practices. If you have any questions or comments regarding this policy, please contact us.