http://www.roxengineering.com/privacy-statement
Privacy Statement
HomePrivacy Statement
We take privacy seriously. We are committed to protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about you. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
What Information Does Rox Engineering Web Site collect?
Rox Engineering Web Site does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals, except when knowingly provided by such individuals. When provided, we collect information such as names, addresses, email addresses, and phone numbers.
In addition to the information provided by individuals, our systems are set up to gather certain anonymous data about which pages are visited and the IP of visitors. This helps us to better understand how our sites are being used and allows us to tailor information to individual visitors. The anonymous data gathered includes such things as Internet Protocol addresses, statistics about how visitors navigate through our sites, and information provided through the use of "cookies" (which are described in more detail below).
What About Cookies?
Rox Engineering Web Site may place a cookie on the user's computer. A cookie is an alphanumeric identifier sent to the user's computer through the web browser to enable our systems to recognize the user's browser. A cookie does not contain personally identifying information; it is used to tell when the user's computer has contacted a Website and may be used for other purposes such as the delivery of customized information without comprising privacy.
How Do We Use the Information?
Information about our users is an important part of our business and we do not share it with or sell it to third parties unless stated at the time of collection or as described below.
As we continue to develop our business, we might enter partnerships or become affiliated with other businesses, organizations, sponsors or advertisers. In some cases, information on an aggregate level may be shared with them. We do not control the privacy policies of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors or other sites to which we provide hyperlinks.
A person's personally identifiable information may be used by Rox Engineering for editorial purposes. For example, we may use information provided by users as part of an editorial online survey. We may also use the information for promotional and marketing purposes. We may, for example, send users emails about our services, products, and promotions.
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law, to protect the rights, property or safety of Rox Engineering, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk detection.
Other than that set above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
What Choices Do I Have?
You can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to take advantage of some of the features of Rox Engineering Web Site and special offers from Rox Engineering.
If you do not wish to receive email or other mail from us, simply follow the instructions at the end of any email sent through the system.
The "Help" section of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies. However, you may not be able to use certain features from Rox Engineering Web Site if you choose not to use cookies.
The Federal Government also provides useful information about online safety on its own web site, Technology Section (http://www.consumer.gov/Tech.htm).
Children Privacy
Rox Engineering Web Site does not market any products to children. We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the privacy policies set forth above, please send us an email at info@roxengineering.com. As our business changes, this notice will also change, and the use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use. We may email periodic reminders of our notices, unless you have specifically instructed us not to do so. In any case, you should check our Website frequently to see recent changes.
Our ServicesEnvironmental Services
Third Party Inspections
Geotechnical Services