http://www.rocelec.com/cookie-policy
Products
Manufacturers
Solutions
Solutions
Authorized Distribution
Licensed Manufacturing
Design and Product Replication
Wafer Processing and Storage
Assembly
Test Services
Reliability
IP Archiving
Quality
Quality
Anti-Counterfeiting
About Us
About Us
Careers
Distributors
Contact Us
Our Locations
Associations
Leadership
News
Contact Us
Cart
Login
EN
EN
CN
DE
FR
IT
JP
KR
Products:
Content:
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
GDPR Policy
Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
COOKIE POLICY
What is a Cookie?
Cookies are small text files that are usually stored in your computer’s web browser’s temporary folder when you visit any website. This page explains how Rochester Electronics, LLC uses cookies to help ensure that our websites, services, and offerings function properly; improve website performance and use by identifying language and location; prevent fraud and other harm; and analyze and improve the services and offerings we provide.
SECTION 1 - HOW ROCHESTER ELECTRONICS LLC USES COOKIES.
Cookies play an important role in helping us provide personal, effective and safe website services to you. We DO use cookies on our website. We generally use cookies for the following purposes:
A. To Operate Our Website. Some cookies are essential to the operation of our website. We use those cookies in a number of different ways, including:
Authentication. We may use cookies to remember your login state so you don’t have to login repeatedly as you navigate through our website.Fraud Prevention and Detection. Cookies and similar technologies that we deploy through our website help us learn things about computers and web browsers being used to access the website including during shopping cart use and checkout, and payment card authorization. This information helps monitor for and detect potentially harmful or illegal use of our website or services.Site Features and Services. We also use cookies to remember how you prefer to use our website so that you don’t have to update your settings each time you visit the website or log into your account.B. To Analyze and Improve Our Services. Cookies help us understand how to make our website and services work better for you. Cookies tell us how people reach our websites and also provides us insights into improvements or enhancements we need to make to our websites and services.
C. For Marketing Promotions and Advertising. Cookies can help us provide more effective advertising on our websites.
SECTION 2 - HOW YOU CAN MANAGE YOUR COOKIES.
Your web browser may allow you to change your cookie preferences, including to block, delete and disable Rochester Electronics, LLC website cookies. Please consult the help section of the web browser(s) you use or follow the links below to understand your options, but please note that if you choose to disable limit the cookies, some features of our websites or services may not operate as intended. The following links for the more commonly used browsers below are provided as a courtesy and were valid at the time of publication:
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=enExplorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/products/windows?os=windows-10Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/products/firefox/cookiesSECTION 3 - COOKIE TABLE.
Cookies that we most commonly used are listed below. This list is not comprehensive or complete by any means, but describes the main reasons we typically use these cookies.
Session cookie:
These
are mainly used for online shopping and allow you to keep items in your
shopping cart or basket when shopping online. These cookies expire when the
browser is closed.
Permanent (or persistent) cookie:
These
remain in use, even when you have closed the browser. They remember things
like your login details and password so you don’t have to type them in
repeatedly.
3rd party (service provider) cookie:
these
are installed by various third parties with the aim of collecting certain
information to carry out various research into site performance, browser
behavior, etc.
Your use of the site will be deemed to be your consent to the placement of cookies on your computer or other devices.
SECTION 4 - GOVERNING LAW.
Any dispute over privacy or the terms and conditions contained in this Cookie Policy will be governed as set forth in our Privacy Policy.