http://www.pd-aiche.com/privacy/
Skip to content
PD Aiche Website Privacy Policy
Last updated 11/25/2019
PD Aiche ("us", "we", or "our") operates http://www.pd-aiche.com the "Site", and we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of our users’ and visitors’ personal information. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. Our privacy procedures have been implemented to comply with National privacy legislation.
Notice and Collection
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain information that can be used to contact or identify you. “Personal Information” is any information that is identifiable with you, as an individual.
Personal information we collect may include:
Name
Personal Information, however, does not include your name, business title or business address or business telephone number in your capacity as an employee of an organization. PD Aiche will only collect personal information by fair and lawful means. The provision of personal information is voluntary.
PD Aiche collects personal information for the following purposes:
To establish and maintain responsible commercial relations with customers and to provide ongoing services
Email newsletters
Unless required or permitted by law, we shall not use or disclose your personal information for a new purpose not identified here.
PD Aiche understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy, especially in an online environment. The Site covered by this Policy does not knowingly collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.
Choice and Consent
Prior to obtaining your consent, PD Aiche will describe the choices available to you and obtain implicit or explicit consent with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information, except in certain situations otherwise permitted by the law. Where it is reasonable to do so, we may rely on your implied consent. Otherwise, we will rely on explicit consent received directly from you to collect or use your personal information, for example, the collection of your personal information if you subscribe to a newsletter on the Site.
You may withdraw or modify your consent at any time through contacting PD Aiche's Privacy Officer at: RoutsonBonacasamN@yahoo.com
Use and Retention
PD Aiche limits the use of personal information to the purposes identified in this Policy and for which the individual has provided implicit or explicit consent. We retain personal information for only as long as it is necessary to fulfill the stated purposes, except with the consent of the individual or as required by law.
Personal information provided to us by users is primarily stored on servers Internationally
PD Aiche will erase personal information that is no longer needed.
Disclosure to Third Parties
PD Aiche transfers personal information to third parties or service providers. We transfer information for the purposes of:
Processing and fulfilling the purposes outlined in the Policy
Such information may be transferred across state or national borders, in which case the information would become subject to the legislation of that jurisdiction. PD Aiche ensures there is a data protection agreement in place with the third party to protect the personal information that is transferred. The third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than that stated in our Policy.
Access
PD Aiche
provides individuals with access to their personal information for review or update. If you wish to access your personal information to challenge accuracy or update it to ensure completeness, you may email us at RoutsonBonacasamN@yahoo.com. We will provide a response within 30 days of receiving an access request. If under certain circumstances we are unable to fully separate your personal information from that of another individual, we will not be able to provide you with access to your information.
Quality
PD Aiche will strive to maintain an accurate and complete record of your personal information for the purposes identified in this Policy. If you believe your personal information may be inaccurate, you may contact us to access your personal information and take steps to verify, update, and correct it.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse or disable all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site. By using this website, you accept the use of cookies.
Security for Privacy
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. PD Aiche protects personal information against unauthorized access in accordance with established policies and procedures. Information is protected by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
Monitoring and Enforcement
PD Aiche monitors compliance with its privacy policies and procedures. Users may file privacy complaints and disputes by contacting PD Aiche's Privacy Officer at RoutsonBonacasamN@yahoo.com who is accountable for our privacy compliance. Every privacy-related complaint will be acknowledged, documented, and investigated, with the results being provided to the complainant. If the complaint is found to be justified, appropriate measures will be taken as a result.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 11/25/2019 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the website after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any further policy about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
PD Aiche
61/3 Behind Talad-sod, Reung-rath Rd
Khaoniveth muang Ranong
+66-65-584-4355
RoutsonBonacasamN@yahoo.com
Watch This Video
Get More InformationRecent PostsTips on How to Boost Your Focus While Working at Home11/16/2020Advantages of Playing Puzzle Games10/17/2020Benefits of Getting a Master’s Degree08/23/2020Why You Should Play Puzzle Games08/01/2020Classroom Activities to Help Students Speak English07/23/2020