http://www.flameretardants-online.com/meta/privacy
FLAMERETARDANTS-ONLINE
Deutsch
Home
News
Archive
Fires
Causes of fires
Fire initiation
Fire behaviour
Flame Retardants
Market
Mode of action
Synergism
Bromine (chlorine)
Phosphorus
Nitrogen
Intumescence
Inorganic
Other
Performance comparison
Selection criteria
Usage
Why flame retardants
Function of flame retardants
Flame retardants in everyday life
Fire safety requirements and tests
Library
Link list
Events for flame retardants
Publications
Contact
META-NAVIGATION
Privacy Statement
Imprint
META-NAVIGATION>Privacy StatementImprint
RSS Feed» News-Archive07/Dec/2020During "European Fire Safety Week" Pinfa informs about fire safety for e-mobilityAs in previous months, conferences and informationmore13/Nov/2020RoHS and potential additional flame-retardant bans in Europe
In the past, the growing amount of electmore09/Oct/2020Electronics Goes Green 2020+ brings together participants from the "green electronics sector" onlineDespite the continuing corona crisis, conferences more26/May/2020US EPA - Current risk assessment and consultation for a chlorinated alkylphosphate ester, triphenylphosphate and tetrabromo-bisphenol-AChemicals, and thus also flame retardants, are incmore06/Jan/2020Pinfa China E&E workshop addresses fast growing 5G technologyNovember 21, 2019, Shanghai.
Pinfa China succesmore23/Dec/2019"Fire Resistance in Plastics" addresses electromobility and puts sustainability in the focus of attention2019-12.
This year's "Fire Resistance more
Privacy Notice1. General Remarks
As one of the world’s leading enterprises in the area of specialty chemicals, Clariant provides innovative and sustainable solutions, thus adding value for customers from multiple industries. Our portfolio is designed to meet very specific requirements with as much precision as possible. At the same time, our research and development activities are focused on addressing the key trends of our time. These include energy efficiency, renewable raw materials, emission-free mobility and conserving finite resources. Our business units are divided into four business areas: Care Chemicals, Natural Resources, Catalysis, and Plastics & Coatings. The Clariant Group has production and distribution facilities in 53 countries.
Clariant respects the privacy of persons who use this website to interact with us. This privacy notice describes the manner in which we, Clariant Produkte (Deutschland) GmbH (“Clariant” or “we”), collect, use and disclose personal data concerning you when you use the website https://www.flameretardants-online.com/de.
Clariant may modify, update or remove this privacy notice at regular intervals as it deems fit. In this case, we will publish updated versions of this privacy notice on this website. A revised privacy notice will only apply to data collected after the revised privacy notice has entered into force. We recommend that you visit this website at regular intervals to obtain the latest information about our privacy practices.
2. Data Controller and Company Data Protection Officer
The data controller within the meaning of the GDPR and other data protection provisions is:
Clariant Produkte (Deutschland) GmbH
Geb. 2703. R203
Industriestrasse
D-50354 Knapsack
Phone: +49 611 96208
Email: service@flammschutz-online.de
Internet: www.flammschutz-online.de
You can reach our Company Data Protection Officer at: dataprotectionoffice@clariant.com or datenschutzbeauftragter@clariant.com
3. Purposes and Legal Bases of the Processing of Data
In connection with the use of our website, we process personal data exclusively for defined purposes, which we describe below in detail for your information.
You can visit our website merely for information purposes without actively disclosing any further data concerning you. In this case, the automatic storage of data about your visit to our website will be limited to the technical access data transmitted by your browser in order to enable you to visit our website in an optimised form and designed according to your needs and to protect our systems from security risks (opening/visiting the website, technical provision). The scope and manner of any further processing of your data depend above all on the services, functionalities and offers that you actively use on our website. In particular, we process data when you get in contact with us. Any further processing of your personal data beyond what is described in this Website Privacy Notice will only take place in cases where a legal provision expressly authorises and/or requires us to do so, or where you have explicitly consented to such data processing. We will inform you of any changes in the purposes of such processing, taking into account the statutory requirements.
3.1 Opening and Visiting Our Website
For the purpose of technically providing our website, we need to process certain information transmitted automatically about you in order for your browser to be able to display our website, and in order for you to be able to use our website. Such information is collected automatically whenever you open our website, and is stored in our server log files. The information relates to the browser/operating system of the computer on which our website is opened. The following technical access data is collected for this purpose:
IP address;
identification data of the browser used (browser type/version, browser language, resolution of the browser window, etc.);
operating system used (for example: Windows 10);
name of the internet service provider;
screen resolution;
JavaScript enabled/disabled/JavaScript settings;
cookie settings;
internet page from which you visit us;
date and time of your access.
The storing of the aforesaid access data is carried out by means of so-called server log files on our web server and is necessary for technical reasons to provide a functional website and ensure system security. This also applies to the storing of your IP address, which is necessary and, should certain further requirements be met, might make it possible to attribute this address to you personally. Outside the aforesaid purposes, we use access data exclusively for purely statistical purposes, without making any inferences about your person, in order to design our internet site according to needs and optimise it. Your technical access data is not merged with data from other sources, nor is the data analysed for marketing purposes.
Furthermore, we use cookies to make our website available for use by you in an optimised form and designed according to your needs (for details in this regard and information about your respective configuration options, see “Use of Cookies and Associated Functions/Technologies” below).
The access data that is collected when you use our website is retained only for as long as such data is needed to achieve the aforesaid purposes. Your IP address is erased from our web server at regular intervals.
To the extent that you visit our website to obtain information about, or use, the services provided by us, the temporary storing of your access data and log files takes place based on point (b) of Article 6(1) GDPR (legal basis), in particular, in order to take steps prior to entering into a contract. Furthermore, point (f) of Article 6(1) GDPR is a legal basis in this case for the temporary storing of the technical access data and log files. Our legitimate interest in this context consists in being able to provide you with a technically functional, user-friendly website, as well as in guaranteeing the security of our systems.
3.2. Contact Requests
In order to be able to process and reply to your contact requests to us (for example, those made to our email address or using our contact form on the website), we process the personal data provided by you in this connection. Such data includes in any case your email address, which we need to provide you with our reply, as well as any other information that you send us as part of your communication.
We may need to disclose the data provided by you to external service providers (possibly as part of a data processing relationship) or to other Clariant companies in order for you to be sent the appropriate information or to be contacted in any particular matter as desired. Of course, we will only do so within the limits of what is permitted by law, and only to the extent necessary to process and reply to your contact request.
The data and information provided by you will be processed for the purposes of processing and replying to your contact request in accordance with point (b) of Article 6(1) GDPR (legal basis). We store the personal data that we collect when you contact us for the purpose and the duration of processing your request.
3.3 Use of Cookies and Associated Functions/Technologies
In order to make our website attractive to visit and enable the use of certain functions, we use so-called cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored on your hard drive or in the cache of your internet browser when you visit our website. A cookie contains a characteristic string of characters that allows the browser to be identified unambiguously when our website is opened again. We additionally use the term “cookie” to refer to web beacons and other, comparable storage technologies used to track user activities. Most web beacons are transparent graphic/image elements, generally measuring no more than 1 x 1 pixels, which are integrated in the website and can be used to recognise cookies on your devices.
We use cookies to store information that is relevant for the session within our website. These cookies expire at the end of the session/browser session (so-called transient cookies) and are not stored permanently. We do not use other cookies that remain on your computer after the respective session/browser session has ended (so-called persistent cookies). Cookies can be classified especially into the following categories/types of cookies:
Necessary cookies
Cookies for the required performance of specific website functions
Functional cookies
Cookies which serve the purpose of enabling services and functions of the website (for example, playback of videos) and/or of increasing the “usability” of the website
Analysis/Tracking
cookies
Cookies for analysing data regarding the location, the interests of visitors and the like, in order to obtain information about the use of our website and about the requested content
Advertising/Targeting cookies
Cookies for placing ads on websites throughout the internet, in particular in order to deliver ads that are in line with the user’s surfing behaviour/interests
Messaging cookies
Cookies for the use of messaging technology
Social media cookies
Cookies for using social media functions, such as sharing, sending and recommending websites to other people
You can deactivate the use of cookies on your computer by changing the browser settings for cookies. You can normally find information about how to proceed to deactivate cookies via the “Help” function of your internet browser. Please note, however, that these settings may possibly impair the full availability and functioning of our website. Please find below further details of the specific cookie used during a visit to our website and the pertinent function/technology:
Type of cookie
Name of the cookie
Description/comments
Validity
Necessary
PHPSESSID
This cookie is used for technical reasons to identify a session (visit to our website). No personal data is collected.
End of session
Necessary
mobilemode
This cookie is used for technical reasons to identify a session (visit to our website), so that the website is displayed in desktop version or mobile version. No personal data is collected.
End of session
The aforesaid cookie-based processing of data is carried out on the basis of point (b) of Article 6(1) GDPR (legal basis).
3.4. Legal Compliance, in Particular Retention/Documentation
In addition, we may process your personal data to meet other statutory obligations that are incumbent upon us in connection with our entrepreneurial activities or other services. In particular, this includes retention periods under commercial, trade or tax law (also see “Duration of Storage”). We process your personal data in this connection in accordance with point (c) of Article 6(1) GDPR (legal basis) to perform a legal obligation that is incumbent upon us.
3.5 Enforcement of Rights
We additionally process your personal data to be able to assert our rights and enforce our legal claims. Furthermore, we process your personal data to be able to defend against legal claims. Finally, we may process your personally data to the extent necessary for the prevention and prosecution of criminal acts.
We process your personal data in this connection to safeguard our legitimate interests in accordance with point (f) of Article 6(1) GDPR (legal basis) to the extent that we assert legal claims or defend ourselves in legal disputes or prevent or clarify criminal acts.
4. Categories of Recipients
Within our company, access to personal data is granted to those people who need such data for the lawful performance of their duties.
In addition to this, we employ external service providers within the scope of the purposes defined by their articles of association and/or entrust such external service providers with corresponding services. The following categories of recipients may receive personal data for such purposes:
our IT service providers to maintain our website as agreed and provide technical support, as well as to assess the functionality of our website;
where applicable, legal advisors in connection with the enforcement of our claims.
No personal data is transferred to a third country (outside the European Union/European Economic Area) or to an international organisation within the meaning of Article 4 no. 26 GDPR.
5. Duration of Storage
We initially store your personal data for as long as their storage is required for the respective purpose of use (see above). This also includes the initiation (pre-contractual legal relationship) and termination of contractual relationships. Furthermore, if the situation arises, we will store your personal data until the legal claims, if any, arising out of our relationship with you have become time-barred in order to be able to use such data for evidentiary purposes, if necessary. The limitation period generally varies from 12 to 36 months and may even be as long as 30 years. We erase your personal data upon expiry of the limitation period unless we have a statutory obligation to retain your data, for example, under the German Commercial Code (HGB) (Sections 238, 257(4) German Commercial Code (HGB)) or under the German Tax Code (AO) (Section 147(3) and (4) German Tax Code (AO)). Such obligations to retain may exist for a period of up to ten years.
6. Data Security
We protect personal data by taking appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure an adequate level of protection and safeguard the privacy rights of the data subjects. The purpose of the measures taken is, inter alia, to prevent unauthorised access to the technical facilities used by us and to protect personal data from being learned by unauthorised third parties.
7. Data Subjects’ Rights
Data subjects have the following rights according to the statutory requirements, which rights may be asserted against us at any time:
Right of access: Within the limits defined by Article 15 GDPR, data subjects may, at any time, ask for confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning them is being processed; where that is the case, they may, again within the limits defined by Article 15 GDPR, ask for information about such personal data and for certain further information (inter alia, the purposes of processing, the categories of personal data, the categories of recipient, the envisaged storage period, their rights, the source of the data) and for a copy of the respective data. The restrictions stipulated in Section 34 German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) apply.
Right to rectification: Data subjects may demand in accordance with Article 16 GDPR that the personal data concerning them that has been stored but is not applicable or is incorrect be rectified.
Right to erasure: If the requirements stipulated in Article 17 GDPR are met, data subjects may demand that personal data concerning them be erased without undue delay. A right to erasure does not exist if, amongst other cases, the personal data needs to be processed for, for example, the performance of a legal obligation (for example, statutory retention obligations), or for asserting, exercising or defending legal claims. In addition, the restrictions stipulated in Section 35 German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) apply.
Right to restriction of processing: If the requirements stipulated in Article 18 GDPR are met, data subjects may demand a restriction of the processing of personal data.
Right to data portability: If the requirements stipulated in Article 20 GDPR are met, data subjects may demand that personal data concerning them which they have provided be handed over to them in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Right of revocation: You have the right to withdraw the consent you have given to the processing of personal data at any time with effect for the future.
Information about your right to object under Article 21 GDPR
You have the right to object at any time to processing of your data which is based on point (f) of Article 6(1) GDPR (data processing based on a weighing of interests) or on point (e) of Article 6(1) GDPR (data processing in the public interest) if there are grounds to object relating to your particular situation. If you object, we will no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or the processing is done for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. The objection may be made in any form whatsoever and may be addressed to the data controller’s contact address given above.
The above-described rights and other matters may be exercised by notice provided to us in writing or electronically and addressed to the data controller’s contact address given above.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority: If the requirements stipulated in Article 77 GDPR are met, data subjects may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of their habitual residence, their place of work or the place of the alleged infringement if they believe that the processing of personal data relating to them infringes the GDPR. The right to lodge a complaint exists without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy. The supervisory authority responsible for Clariant Produkte (Deutschland) GmbH is Hessischer Beauftragter für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit, Gustav-Stresemann-Ring 1, D-65189 Wiesbaden.
8. Scope of Your Obligations to Provide Data
As a general rule, you are not obliged to disclose your personal data to us. If you do not do so, however, we will be unable to provide our website or to reply to your inquiries. Any personal data not absolutely necessary for the aforesaid processing purposes is marked as voluntary information.
9. Automated Decision-making/Profiling
We do not use any automated decision-making or profiling (automated analysis of your personal circumstances).
***
(Last revised: February 2020)
HomeNewsArchiveFiresCauses of firesFire initiationFire behaviourFlame RetardantsMarketMode of actionSynergismBromine (chlorine)PhosphorusNitrogenIntumescenceInorganicOtherPerformance comparisonSelection criteriaUsageWhy flame retardantsFunction of flame retardantsFlame retardants in everyday lifeFire safety requirements and testsLibraryLink listEvents for flame retardantsPublicationsContactPrivacy StatementImprint