http://www.allentowninc.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Updated May 24, 2018
Allentown, LLC appreciates the trust you place in us when sharing your personal data. The security of that data is very important to us. In this document, we will explain how we collect and use your personal data.
Who are we?
Based in the USA, Allentown, LLC is a global provider of research housing solutions and related products to the biomedical research community.
Who controls your personal data?
The data controller is:
Allentown, LLC
165 Route 526
Allentown, New Jersey USA 08501
Attn: Privacy Request, or
privacyrequests@allentowninc.com
What is personal data?
Global standards define personal data as "Any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject');
an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such
as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological,
genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person".
What personal data does Allentown, LLC collect from you?
First Name
Last Name
Facility/Company
Job Function
Email Address
Telephone Number
Postal Address (State, Country)
Preferred Language
What is Allentown's legal basis for processing your personal data?
Consent - By consenting to this Privacy Policy you are giving Allentown, LLC the permission to process your personal data for the purposes outlined below in the section titled "What does Allentown, LLC do with your information?" You may withdraw consent at any time by emailing privacyrequests@allentowninc.com or by clicking the "Email Preferences" link in emails sent to you.
Contract - Processing of your personal data is necessary to enter into, complete, or otherwise fulfill a new or existing contract that Allentown has with you, or to which you are a party. For privacy requests relating to a new or existing contract, you can email privacyrequests@allentowninc.com or by clicking the "Email Preferences" link in emails sent to you.
Legitimate Interest - You have requested or had dealings with Allentown, LLC previously and Allentown, LLC believes that you will be interested in the marketing information that Allentown, LLC is sending to you. If you wish to unsubscribe you can email privacyrequests@allentowninc.com or you can click the "Email Preferences" link in emails sent to you.
Cookies
This Site may use "cookies" to enhance the User experience. "Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an
anonymous unique identifier. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information
about them. The User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some
parts of the Site may not function properly. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org
What does Allentown, LLC do with your information?
Allentown, LLC, will collect and use your personal data for one or more of the following purposes:
To provide you with information that you have requested or which we think may be relevant to a subject in which you have demonstrated an interest;
To initiate and complete commercial transactions with you, or the entity that you represent, for the purchase of products and/or services;
To fulfill a contract that we have entered into with you or with the entity that you represent;
To ensure the security and safe operation of our websites and underlying business infrastructure;
To perform other general marketing and promotional activities focused on our products and services, and
To manage any other communication between you and us
Allentown, LLC will process (collect, store and use) the information you provide in a manner compatible with the EU's General
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will endeavor to keep your information secure and will only keep it for as long as applicable law requires.
Marketing choices regarding your personal information
Where we have your consent to do so, we send you marketing communications by email about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. You can 'opt-out' of such communications if you would prefer not to receive them in the future by using the "Email Preferences" link provided in the communication itself.
Compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a European resident, whose personal data we hold, you have certain rights with respect to this personal data:
The right to be informed - As a data controller, we are obliged to provide clear and transparent information about our data processing activities. This is provided by this document, our website's Privacy Policy, and any related communications we may send to you.
The right of access - You may request a copy of the personal data we hold about you free of charge. Once we have verified your identity and, if relevant, the authority of any third-party requestor, we will provide access to the personal data we hold about you. If there are exceptional circumstances that mean we can refuse to provide the information, we will explain them. If requests are frivolous, we reserve the right to refuse them. If answering requests is likely to require additional time or result in an unreasonable expense (which you may have to meet), we will inform you.
The right to rectification - When you believe we hold inaccurate or incomplete personal information about you, you may exercise your right to correct or complete this data.
The right to erasure (the 'right to be forgotten') - Where no overriding legal basis or legitimate reason continues to exist for processing personal data, you may request that we delete the personal data. This includes personal data that may have been unlawfully processed. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure erasure.
The right to restrict processing - You may ask us to stop processing your personal data. We will still hold the data, but will not process it any further. This right is an alternative to the right to erasure.
The right to data portability - You may request your set of personal data be transferred to another controller or processor, provided in a commonly used and machine-readable format. This right is only available if the original processing was on the basis of consent, the processing is by automated means and if the processing is based on the fulfillment of a contractual obligation.
The right to object - You have the right to object to our processing of your data.
If you would like to access your information, or have any other privacy requests, please contact us through the contact information below. In order to process your request, we will ask you to provide two valid forms of identification for verification purposes.
Allentown, LLC
165 Route 526
Allentown, New Jersey USA 08501
Attn: Privacy Request, or
privacyrequests@allentowninc.com
Who do we share your information with?
Allentown, LLC will not sell or pass on your personal data to unrelated third parties and will only use the information for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy.
Other corporate entities
Allentown, LLC reserves the right to share your personal data with Allentown, LLC subsidiaries, affiliates, and parent entities now or hereafter existing. This Privacy Policy shall govern the use and disclosure of information provided to these entities.
The children's online privacy protection act
This site is not meant for persons under the age of 13. We never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make significant changes in the way we treat your personal data, or to the Privacy Policy, we will make that clear on our website so that you are able to review the changes.
Contact us
Comments, questions or suggestions about this privacy policy:
privacyrequests@allentowninc.com
Access to your information, or other privacy requests:
Allentown, LLC
165 Route 526
Allentown, New Jersey USA 08501
Attn: Privacy Request, or
privacyrequests@allentowninc.com
Unsubscribe from emails:
Email Preferences
Review or change your personal data:
Update Profile
Complaints
Should you wish to make or discuss a complaint, please feel free to email us at privacyrequests@allentowninc.com. All complaints will be treated in a confidential manner.
Should you feel unsatisfied with our handling of your data, or about any complaint that you have made to us about our handling of your data, you are entitled to
escalate your complaint to a supervisory authority within the European Union.
This site uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience from our website. Learn More
OK