https://www.cieonline.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
The use of Specialist Business Media’s websites is subject to the following terms of use:
Before we begin
“Specialist Business Media” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner and operator of the following websites:
www.cieonline.co.uk
www.ciedirectory.co.uk
The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
By using Specialist Business Media’s websites you agree to be bound by the following terms. If you are not prepared to comply with all of the following terms please do not continue to access, use and/or contribute to Specialist Business Media’s websites.
These terms apply to all web content published by Specialist Business Media (text, images, video, audio files, podcasts, webinars, live feeds, RSS feeds, email newsletters, games, software, metadata and open-source code, user-generated content) regardless of how it is accessed, whether via web browser, PDA, mobile phone application, RSS feed or an email.
Terms
In order to access some areas of the websites, you are required to provide information about yourself such as your name, job title and contact details (you can view our privacy policy to find out how we will look after and use this information). You agree that any registration information you give to Specialist Business Media will be accurate and up-to-date at the point of submission, and will update it if your circumstances change
Specialist Business Media’s websites contain links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience and do not signify that we endorse the website(s). Specialist Business Media has no responsibility for the content of external websites.
Content & Liability
It is your responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through Specialist Business Media’s websites meet your specific requirements and needs. Your use of any content or services on our websites is entirely at your own risk, and Specialist Business Media is not liable.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to Specialist Business Media. This material includes, but is not limited to, the text, design, layout, graphics and other media content. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, forming part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced on our websites, which are not the property of, or licensed to Specialist Business Media, are acknowledged.
Neither Specialist Business Media nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on our websites for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Although we make reasonable efforts to ensure Specialist Business Media’s websites are safe to use, it is the responsibility of the user to ensure measures are in place to prevent virus or malicious code transmission. Specialist Business Media is not liable for any damage or loss caused by transmission of viruses or malicious code.
You are prohibited from:
Hacking into our systems and platforms;
Trying to get around our content security technology;
Dissecting, disseminating or dismantling any material unless otherwise permitted
Transmitting or re-circulating any material unless otherwise permitted
Using automated screening or trawling software on any Specialist Business Media websites
Otherwise compromising the security, accuracy or reputation of Specialist Business Media and affiliates, including but not limited to associating us with sexism or racism, defaming someone, harass or upset people, post or upload anything offensive or obscene, attack verbally other users.
Copyright
These websites and their contents are copyright of Specialist Business Media Ltd.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
You may print or download to a local disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only
You may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material
You may not, except with our express written permission, reproduce, distribute or sell our content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
You can obtain permission via email at subscriptions@transfer.cieonline.co.uk  or via post at 15A London Road, Maidstone, Kent, ME16 8LY, United Kingdom.
User Details
By registering your details via our websites, you acknowledge that data provided is accurate at the point of submission. Any changes to your personal details must be communicated to us at the earliest opportunity to ensure our records are accurate.
It is your responsibility to ensure passwords are kept secure. You must notify us of any suspected unauthorised activity as soon as it is noticed. Specialist Business Media is not liable for any losses, damages or costs arising from your failure to comply with these requirements.
We agree to take appropriate steps and implement appropriate measures to ensure any data you supply is processed and stored in a secure manner.
Our minimum age to register is 18 years old.
Communication
We reserve the right to send you service emails, informing you of any changes to our platform or provide information about your account. We might contact you based on the preferences and interests you select upon registration or renewal, or if we have the legitimate interest to do so.
We may share your details with third party agencies or our group of companies in order to deliver the products and services you select upon registration or renewal – for example, if you register to receive a printed publication, we will pass your postal address to a mailing company in order to provide a physical copy of the title.
You can find more about how we collect, store and process your personal information in our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
General
These terms and conditions are governed by and in accordance with English law. Jurisdiction for any dispute settlement will be held in an English court.
Specialist Business Media may change these terms from time to time. You should check them regularly and cease using the websites if you do not agree to be bound by these terms.
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Google +
Stumbleupon
LinkedIn
Pinterest
© Copyright 2020, Components in Electronics. Specialist Business Media Limited. All rights reserved. Registered in England No: 1771113. VAT No: 834 8567 90. Registered Office: © Datateam Business Media, 15a London Road, Maidstone, Kent ME16 8LY. United Kingdom
X
This site uses cookies in order to function properly and to allow us to improve our service. You can learn more about our cookies, their use and how to disable them on our Cookie Page. More information can also be found about our website within our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
Remove this message