http://www.trimble.com/privacy.aspx
HomePrivacy Center
Trimble Privacy Center
The Trimble Privacy Center may be revised and modified at some time in the future. Please check back periodically to keep informed of updates.
Commitment
Privacy Notice
Additional Materials
Contact Us
At Trimble, we are committed to your privacy. We know that we must earn your trust—and keep it—every time you use Trimble products and services to transform the way the world works. To make good on that promise, we’ve created this Privacy Center, where you’ll learn all about our approach to your privacy.
The Trimble Office of Data Protection works to ensure that your personal data is collected, shared and handled the right way. Please read our complete Privacy Notice for details on what this means to you. We start with a commitment to:
Being transparent in how and when we collect - and use your personal data
Simplifying our policies so they are easy to understand
Making sure you have control of your data at all times
Trimble's products and services are intended for commercial use, however we often make our products available for students as a part of their higher learning curriculum. Due to the increased focus on the security and protection of student information, we make sure that our privacy practices comply with federal and global regulations.
This Privacy Center and our Privacy Notice does not cover other organizations' sites that may be accessible via links from our sites. These sites have their own privacy policies and we encourage you to read them.
We may often modify our Privacy Notice to update legal, technological and other developments. In that event, the changes will appear at this location.
Our customers have trusted us with their personal information for over 40 years - and we’re committed to ensure you feel just as secure today. Your trust is our top priority.
If you have a privacy question or concern, please contact Trimble Office of Data Protection.
Last updated: May 26, 2020
We would like to inform you of our privacy practices on the collection, use, sharing and processing of personal information by Trimble Inc. and its affiliates (“Trimble” “we,” “our” or “us”) in connection with your use of Trimble websites and apps and social media pages linking to this Privacy Notice (the “Privacy Notice”), your interactions with Trimble staff in meetings and Trimble events, as well as other offline sales and marketing activities.
Contents
Summary
Full Notice
I. How and to whom does this Notice Apply?
II. What information about You does Trimble Process?
III. For what Purposes do we use this information?
IV. On what basis does Trimble collect and process this information?
V. Data Transfers
VI. Data Retention, Storage and Security
VII. What Rights and Choices do I have for my personal information? May I close my account with Trimble?
VIII. Will this Privacy Notice change?
IX. Who can I contact with questions or concerns?
X. Certain Disclosures and Rights under US Laws and under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
Summary of Trimble Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice summarizes our detailed Full Notice (further below) which describes our practices with respect to the processing of your personal data in connection with Trimble websites, our business processes and applications.
I. How and to whom does this Notice Apply?
Our Privacy Notice applies to all Trimble websites and those web-based or mobile apps that reference this Privacy Notice. It applies to the processing of personal information by visitors and users of the various Trimble sites, attendees of Trimble events, customers and prospective customers and their representatives; subscribers to Trimble newsletters; and suppliers and business partners and their representatives. For more details, see Full Notice.
II. Types of personal data processed
We process the following personal data as data controller, which we collect during website visits, marketing interactions, app use and in the course of agreements with you or your employer: your name, name of the company you work for, email address, other identifiable data, payment information, IP address, behavioral data and information about you received by use of placing cookies and tracking pixels. For more details, see the Full Notice.
III. Processing purposes
We process your personal data for the following purposes: performance of agreements with you or your employer, administration of apps and website, monitoring website, app and email campaign performance, security and fraud prevention, online advertisement, analysis of behavior, community site usage and engagement, use in marketing, and profiling. For more details, see the Full Notice Full Notice.
IV. Legal justifications for the processing of your personal data
To the extent applicable to you, EU privacy law requires any processing of personal data to have a legal justification. We generally rely on the following legal justifications: (i) you consented to the processing; (ii) the performance of an agreement with you; (iii) compliance with a legal obligation; and (iv) pursuing our legitimate interests not overriding your interests and rights and freedoms. For more details on the purposes or processing and corresponding legal justifications see the Full Notice below Full Notice.
V. Data transfers and Recipients
We may transfer your personal data to our group companies and third parties (e.g., business partners, resellers), acquiring or acquired entities, service providers, and, in accordance with applicable law, governmental authorities, courts, external advisors, and similar third parties. Some data transfers may cross national borders. For more details, see the Full Notice Full Notice.
VI. Storage Retention periods and deletion
Your personal data will be deleted once it is no longer needed for the purposes of the original processing or as required by applicable law. For more details, see the Full Notice Full Notice.
VII. Your Choices and Rights
You have a number of rights with regards to your personal data, subject to conditions of applicable law, e.g., the right to get access to your data, to have it corrected, erased or handed over. Please refer any questions to the Trimble Office of Data Protection. For more details, see the Full Notice Full Notice.
VIII. Changes of this Privacy Notice
This Summary and Full Notice are subject to change.
XI. How to contact us
If you wish to exercise your data subject rights, have questions concerning this Summary Notice or the Full Notice, or would like to discuss our handling of your personal data, please contact the Trimble Office of Data Protection.
FULL NOTICE
I. How and to whom does this Notice Apply?
Our Privacy Notice applies to all Trimble websites and to our web-based or mobile apps that reference this notice, either in the information provided with them or the contractual terms that govern your use of these apps. Some web-based apps may have a more specific privacy notice. Generally, Trimble Inc. and its affiliates are responsible for the processing of your personal information. However, some subsidiaries of Trimble may operate under their own privacy notices or a privacy notice which supplements this Trimble Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice applies to the processing of personal information submitted to us by, provided to us by, or otherwise collected by us from visitors and users of the various Trimble products, sites, services, attendees of Trimble events, customers and prospective customers and their representatives; subscribers to Trimble newsletters; and suppliers and business partners and their representatives. This Privacy Notice describes how we process personal data for our own purposes. We also process personal data on behalf of our customers subject to a written contract. We do not control the data processing or protection practices of our customers (who may be your employer, service provider to you or your business partner), which may differ from those set out in this Privacy Notice.
II. What information about You does Trimble Process?
A. General Description:
Trimble processes information that identifies you which is submitted to us, provided to us, or otherwise collected by us. This includes information such as:
Your name and contact information (telephone number, email, address);
Data relating to previous or ongoing business transactions, financial details and payment methods;
Company data such as the name, size and location of the company for which you work;
Unique identifiers such as customer numbers, employee ID, mobile device identifiers, or cookie ID on your browser;
Demographic characteristics such as age, sex, education level, and occupation;
Data from surveys and publicly available information, such as social media posts;
IP address and information that may be derived from IP addresses or other device identifiers, such as geographic location;
Location information for a Trimble product or a mobile device with an installed Trimble app;
Visual and audio information, such as your picture and information about work products and comments you post on our information sharing sites;
Information about a device you use, such as browser, device type, operating system, the presence or use of "apps", screen resolution, and the preferred language; and
Data related to your use of and interaction with the sites, such as advertisements clicked or viewed, sites and content areas, date and time of activities or the web search used to locate and navigate to a site.
B. How Does Trimble Obtain Your Information
Information is collected directly from you through personal interactions, registrations for events or websites, or correspondence with us. Information is collected from your interactions with and use of our websites, apps, and products and services. We obtain information through our resellers and other channel partners. We complement information we receive directly from you with information from other sources, in accordance with applicable law. For example, we use data about the company you work for together with the information received from you to better understand the industry that you are working in. Furthermore, we obtain contact details, professional information, commercial information and behavioral data from business contact databases, publicly available resources, social networking websites and marketing service providers.
C. Some Processing Practices explained in Detail
Trimble ID
Trimble ID is our single sign on functionality. We process your contact details and login details such as user name and password. The purpose of this processing is to provide you access to our products and services to which you or your employer have purchased or subscribed.
Trimble Products, Software Services, Apps and Subscription Websites
Trimble offers various services to our customers. The data processed in the context of these services is processed generally on behalf of our customers (who may be your employer). When you use these services, Trimble will process the following data:
Usage Details. When you access our websites or use our apps, we may automatically collect certain details of your access to and use of the websites and apps, including location data, logs, back-end information and server calls, communication data, and the resources that you access and use on or through the websites and apps. The purpose for processing this information is to manage, secure and improve our products and services.
Device Information. Our servers may receive data from your browser or device when you visit one of our websites or use an app. That data can include your IP address (which may tell us generally where you are located), device ID, operating systems, pages viewed, time spent, the type of browser and device you used, as well as the referring website, and if applicable, the search terms that led you to our website.
We require some of this usage and device information to provide you and our customers with certain functionality of our products, software, services, websites and apps.  If you do not want us to collect or process this usage and device information, do not use our products, software, services, access our websites, or download our app, or delete our app from your device if already downloaded.
Also, we use automated systems to analyze your use of our products, software, services, websites and apps using techniques such as machine learning in order to improve our products, software, services, apps and websites. This analysis may occur as the content is sent or received using an online feature of a Trimble app or website, or when the content is stored on Trimble servers.
Trimble app activation and automatic updates
When you are registered to use a Trimble product (software or hardware) for which we provide updates to you, we may process information about your Trimble product and any product on which you may have it installed (including your IP address), and your product serial number. Some of our apps connect to our servers and offer you the ability to install updates to the app, either in the background or upon your confirmation. We may keep track of information such as whether an update was successful or not. We may also use information collected through activation or app updates to validate that you hold a valid license to our product and confirm that it is genuine and properly licensed.
Trimble Emails and Marketing Automation
Trimble uses marketing automation platforms for sending emails. These platforms and other email clients track behavior related to those emails, including whether you have received or opened the email, opened an attachment or clicked a link in the email, or forwarded the email. If you do not want us to collect this information from future Trimble marketing emails, you can opt out of receiving Trimble marketing emails using the “Manage Preferences” or “Unsubscribe” link on the bottom of the email you received (either option may apply).
Stored Information and Files
Trimble may use cookies, web beacons or other tracking mechanisms to collect information about how you have used our websites and apps, and our servers may collect similar information when you are logged in to the app or website. Depending on the website or app, we work to collect this information, depending on the website and the app, on an anonymous basis, or it may include references to you. We may also access metadata and other information associated with other files stored on your device. This may include, for example, cached image files.
Trimble online advertising
Trimble displays ads to you on our own websites and apps and through third parties’ (i.e. other companies') websites or apps, in various manners.  We collect information such as which ads are displayed, which ads are clicked on, and where the ad was displayed. If you download Trimble content offered on a displayed ad, identifiers relating to you and your computer usage will be collected as a part of that download process.
Buttons, tools, and content from other companies
Sometimes our apps and websites link to other companies’ services via buttons, tools, or other content. We collect information about your use of these features. In addition, when you see or interact with these buttons, tools, or content, or view a Trimble web page or app containing them, information from your browser may automatically be sent to the other company. We encourage you to read that company’s privacy notice for more information about their privacy practices.
Trimble community pages
Trimble uses third party platforms for creating community sites for Trimble users, where, for example, 3D models can be shared. To become a member and receive access to a community site, you will be asked to set up a user account and to provide personal information as a part of a registration process.
Trimble social community
Trimble participates in social community sites and provides our information there (for example, our LinkedIn pages).
You may also be able to sign-in to a Trimble app or website using a social networking account, such as a Google account. When you use these sign-on features, we may collect information on you from the relevant social vendor for providing account access, including a unique identifier, email, first and last name.
Trimble places paid ads on social sites like LinkedIn or Facebook for engaging marketing thought leadership. Related content may also be offered. We require personal information as a part of webform submissions to provide access for downloading those materials.
Trimble for education
Trimble often offers a free version of some of its software to students as a part of a higher-education curriculum. In those instances, Trimble takes every precaution to protect the privacy of students with regards to personal data. At a minimum Trimble:
Confirms the student downloading software is 14 years of age or older;
Verifies all student data collected is used for the sole purpose of software registration and is not used for marketing purposes;
Uses third party education sites like G Suite for schools to protect the privacy of students (please refer to G Suite for their privacy policy with regards to students)
III. For what Purposes do we use this information?
Trimble uses the information we collect about you (including Usage Information) in a number of ways, such as:
Providing you with our apps and websites for which you have registered or which you have purchased or licensed, as well as any products, software, services, support, or information you have requested, purchased or licensed from us;
Performing our obligations to our clients which have purchased or licensed products, software and/or services used by you;
To deliver you services, products, and support as necessary to perform the contract governing your use of our applications or to communicate with you;
Improving our products, software, services, websites and apps and their user experience by analyzing their use to deliver a more personalized experience;
Generating de-identified and/or anonymized information about you or other users, and information that does not identify any individual or device, which may be used by us, our affiliates, and others without restriction;
Diagnosing problems in our products, software, services, apps and websites and notifying you of fixes;
Tailoring a website, app, or Trimble ad to your likely interests;
Providing you with functionality and/or marketing specific to your location;
Communicating with you with regards to your business relationship with us, for example, when a contract is established or performed, or notifying you when subscriptions expire;
Keeping you informed about our company, our product updates, new app releases, special offers, and similar information;
Conducting market research about our customers, their interests, and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns;
Using your personal and behavioral data, to improve user experience of our products, software, services, websites and apps and to identify other persons that respond similarly;
Implementing cybersecurity initiatives, including reducing fraud, software and IP piracy, and protecting the confidentiality of your information;
As further described in supplemental privacy notices provided by us.
Monitoring usage and interaction statistics of our products, software, services, websites or apps, and/or to perform data analytics in order to assess and enhance our products, software, services, websites and/or apps; and
Monitoring and/or process automatic crash reporting or other technical issues.
IV. On what basis does Trimble collect and process this information?
For personal information collected about you in the EU, our basis for processing is the following:
In order to communicate adequately with you and to respond to your requests, we need to process information about you and therefore have a legitimate interest in processing this information.
In order to engage in transactions with customers, suppliers and business partners, and to process purchases and downloads of our products and services, we need to process information about you as necessary to enter into or perform a contract with you.
We process personal information for marketing and sales activities based on your consent where so indicated on our sites at the time your personal information was collected, or further to our legitimate interest to market and promote our products and services.
We rely on our legitimate interest to analyze, develop, improve and optimize our sites, products and services, and to maintain the security of our sites, networks and systems.
In order to comply with applicable laws and regulations, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, or to process an opt-out request.
V. Data Transfers
A. Data Access
Trimble relies on other companies for a variety of reasons. We work with third party service providers, such as specialist companies in the area of processing credit card payments, providing software solutions, providing hosting services, or supporting our business processes. Some of these third party providers have access to your personal information in order to provide services to you on our behalf, in order to help us manage or improve our products and services, and/or in order to provide you with a satisfactory user experience. Under our contracts with these service providers, they are not permitted to use your information for their own purposes (but may be permitted to use and disclose anonymized and de-identified information provided you are not identified as the source of the information).
Trimble may also share your personal information:
With our affiliates (i.e. other companies of the Trimble group of companies) for the same purposes described in this privacy notice;
With third party providers (i.e. contractors or agencies) hired to deliver Trimble marketing programs on behalf of Trimble;
With our resellers or other authorized sales partners for the purpose of following up on your requests or marketing communications;
In legal proceedings in which we are a party or a third party, in compliance with lawful requests;
When we have a good faith belief that the disclosure is necessary to protect ourselves against fraud, for reasons of cyber defense, or otherwise protect the property and safety of Trimble, our affiliates, our customers and users;
If a company buys us or merges with us or we sell a part of our business and transfer customer information as part of this business: and
When you agree to the sharing.
B. Does Trimble transfer my personal information across national borders?
We may transfer your personal information across national borders to other countries in compliance with applicable laws.
If you reside within the European Economic Area your relationship is with Trimble Europe BV. When Trimble Europe BV transfers your personal information from the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom or Switzerland to a non-EEA country, we rely on one or more of the following legal mechanisms: our self-certification under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, Standard Contractual Clauses, and your consent. For more information about the certification of Trimble U.S. to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, including the scope of our certification, please see Privacy Shield/European data transfers.
Certain Trimble entities participate in the Privacy Shield program and are subject to the applicable Privacy Shield Principles for personal data that concerns residents of the EEA, the United Kingdom and Switzerland in reliance on the Privacy Shield. We also receive some data in reliance on other compliance mechanisms, including data processing agreements based on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses.
You will find more information on Trimble’s Privacy Shield self-certification hereIf the content or data that you store on or through Trimble software, services, apps or websites contains the personal information of individuals from the EEA, you agree that you have the legal authority to transfer the personal information to Trimble, including the transfer to countries such as the United States where the privacy protections and rights of authorities to access personal data may not be equivalent to those in the EEA.
The information above applies to Trimble users that have agreed to the Trimble Privacy Notice. More information is available for our business customers that want to learn more about European data transfers.
C. Is my personal information displayed anywhere on Trimble’s websites or applications?
There are places within Trimble’s websites and apps that allow you to upload or otherwise share content, models, comments, and to communicate with others. Sometimes you can limit who can see your contributions, but some places can be seen by other users of the app or website. Before sharing, make sure you understand with whom you are sharing your information. Please note that when you post messages on certain user forums on our websites and apps, your email address, user name, or name may be included and displayed with your message.
To remove content you have shared on our websites and apps, please use the same app or website feature you used to share the content. If another user invites you to participate in shared viewing, editing, or commenting of content, you may be able to delete your contributions, but usually the user who invited you has full control. If you have questions or concerns about this, please contact the Trimble Office of Data Protection.
VI. Data Retention, Storage and Security
A. Retention periods
Your personal data will be retained as long as necessary to provide you with the services requested. When we no longer need to use your personal data to comply with contractual or statutory obligations, we will remove it from our systems and records and/or take steps to properly anonymize it so that you can no longer be identified from it, except as required under applicable legal or regulatory obligations, e.g. statutory retention periods which can result from tax requirements and other compliance requirements and usually contain retention periods up to 10 years, or if we need it to preserve evidence within the statutes of limitation, which is usually up to 7 years.
B. Is my personal information secure?
We understand that the security of your personal information is important. We provide reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security controls to protect your personal information. However, despite our efforts, no security controls are 100% effective and Trimble cannot ensure or warrant the security of your personal information.
We restrict access to your personal information to our authorized employees, agents, and/or third party providers as necessary to fulfill our legal and business obligations and to provide you with our products, software, websites, services and apps.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) user log-in credentials (i.e. a user ID and password) for access to certain parts of our services or apps, you are responsible for keeping these user account credentials confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.  You are solely liable for the protection of user account credentials and for all use of your user account credentials.
Please note that we do not have any control over or responsibility for information or communications you share through our products, software, services, websites or apps, including for any third party websites accessed or linked through them.
C. Where does Trimble store my personal information?
Your personal information and files are stored on Trimble servers and the servers of our third party providers we hire to provide services to us. Your personal information may be transferred across national borders because we have servers located worldwide, and the companies we hire to help us run our business are located in different countries around the world.
VII. What Rights and Choices do I have for my personal information? May I close my account with Trimble?
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your personal information. This section describes mechanisms we provide for you to control certain uses and disclosures of your personal information.
A. Certain Statutory Rights
Under some laws that may be applicable to you, you have rights with regards to your personal information like the following, except as noted:
The right to access – this means you can request that we provide you with a copy of the personal information Trimble holds about you;
The right to correct – this means that you may ask us to correct any mistakes in that information, update your preferences, and/or to delete certain personal information.
NOTE: Many of our software, services, websites and apps allow you to edit your personal information by accessing "my account," "my profile," or a similar feature of the app or website. Likewise, you can delete files or photos you have stored in our websites and apps by logging in and using the deletion functions available.  Please further note that in order to correct any information provided as part of your user profile from your company you will need to contact your company’s system administrator.
The right to opt out – this means you may manage your preferences with regards to any marketing communications you receive from Trimble, including your right to unsubscribe from receiving marketing communications at any time.  This includes your right to request that we remove your email address from our marketing database or that we deactivate your Trimble ID account.
NOTE: While Trimble does not sell your information to unaffiliated third parties, in the event that Trimble elected to do so, you would have the right to ask us not to sell your information by contacting the Trimble Office of Data Protection or by clicking this link: Do Not Sell My Personal Information
The right to delete (erase) – this means you may ask us to delete your information from our systems and we will do so unless we are required to retain such information in order to provide services or the app to you or we require such information to comply with our legal and business obligations under applicable law.
The right to transfer – this means you may request that we provide you a copy of your personal information, in a commonly used and machine readable format, to be provided to you or to a third party you specify.
B. Can I choose my Privacy Preferences?
We give you choices regarding our marketing practices. If you have consented that we directly market to you per email, phone or mail, you can withdraw this consent at any time by notifying us. For example, you can let us know if you no longer want to receive marketing information. If you are a business customer and have consented to our resellers and authorized sales partners sending you marketing communications, we will make the required information available to the relevant channel partner unless you tell us not to. We will not make consumer data available to third parties.
If you have any questions about these rights or you need assistance with requesting any of these rights, please contact the Trimble Office of Data Protection. Please note that we need to retain certain information about you for legal and internal business reasons, such as fraud prevention. We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide you with the websites and apps you are eligible to use with your Trimble ID and as needed to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our agreements, but any such information retained will comply with this privacy statement and applicable law.
In addition, you have the ability to control some Usage Information as follows:
Mobile Applications Background Services. You can set your device to disable device services or to block use of tracking technologies such as cookies.
Location Information. You can choose whether or not to allow the app to collect and use real-time information about your device’s location through the device’s settings.
Push Notifications. You may have the option to opt out of certain communications to you through the app, e.g., push notifications based on your device ID, through the app’s settings.
Please note that if you disable, block or reject these elements of the Usage Information, some parts of the app may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
C. Can I manage how Trimble uses Cookies?
Trimble uses cookies and similar technologies to make our websites work, as well as to learn more about our users and their likely interests.
Trimble websites may also use cookies and similar technologies from other companies which allow us to gather additional information to measure and improve the effectiveness of our offerings. Cookies may be used for retargeting, where our websites may drop a browser cookie that may serve you ads as you visit other websites.
Our unique web portfolio and wide product range requires each of Trimble’s websites to provide its own cookie notice. Refer to the cookie notice on the website you are visiting for more detailed information. You may reject the cookie notice or choose individual cookie settings of that site when visiting or may manage your cookie preferences with your Internet browser.
VIII. Will this Privacy Notice change?
Occasionally, we may change this privacy Notice (or other documents in the Trimble Privacy Center) to allow Trimble to use or share your personal information in a different way. If we do, the links to the Notice on our websites (which are generally found in the footer of the website) will indicate that the Notice has been changed. For new users, the change will become effective upon posting. For existing users, if the change is significant, it will become effective 30 days after posting. We encourage you to periodically review the Trimble Privacy Center for the latest information on our privacy practices.
IX. Who can I contact with questions or concerns?
If you have a privacy question or concern, please contact the Trimble Office of Data Protection.
X. Certain Disclosures and Rights under US Laws and under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
A. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
In compliance with the US Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. § 6501.06 and 16 C.F.R. §§ 312.1 – 312.12, our websites and apps are not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.  By using our app, you represent that you are not younger than 13.  If you think that we have collected personal information from a visitor or user under the age of 13, please contact us at our Trimble Office of Data Protection.
B. California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
Opt-out of sharing certain Personal Information
Trimble may share information about your interest in our products and services with our channel partners (e.g. resellers). If you do want to opt out from such transfers please register here.
Additional information on exercising your rights as a California Resident
You have the right to exercise the rights listed above free of charge or penalty, but we may limit the number of requests you make or charge reasonable fees as legally permitted.
You may designate an authorized agent to exercise some of your rights; however, in order to help protect the security of your personal information, the authorized agent must follow the same authentication procedures that are required if you exercise your rights without using an agent.  Trimble will verify requests made through authorized agents to help ensure the safety of your account and to comply with our policies and procedures.
CA Residents: Notice at Collection
Last Updated: October 21, 2020
Notice at Collection required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
This Notice applies solely to residents of the State of California (“California consumers”) who are visitors or users of our websites, applications, products, software, and services.  This Notice supplements the Trimble Privacy Notice, which also contains additional information for California residents regarding their CCPA rights.
The following chart describes the categories of Personal Information that Trimble Inc. and its affiliates ("Trimble") may have collected about California consumers in the preceding twelve (12) months through our websites, applications, products, software, and services. Personal Information in one category may overlap with other categories.
This Notice at Collection does not apply to any information that is excluded from the definition of Personal Information under CCPA, such as, but not limited to, publicly available information from government records; de-identified or aggregated personal information; personal information reflecting a written or oral business-to-business communication ("B2B data"); and employment-related personal information collected from Trimble’s California-based employees and job applicants ("employee data").
Category
Examples of Data In This Category
Disclosed for a Business Purpose?
Sold?
Identifiers as defined in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.140(o)
(i.e. “CCPA definition of “personal information”)
Name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license number, or other similar identifiers
Yes
No
Personal Information categories described in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
(i.e. “Customer Records”)
Name, address, telephone number, employment history
Yes
No
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Age (40 years or older), sex (including gender)
Yes
No
Commercial information
Products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Yes
No
Internet or other similar network activity
(*may also be deemed identifiable)
Internet protocol address*, type of browser, number of links clicked within our websites or services, state/province and/or country from which you accessed our websites or services, date and time of visit, name of Internet service provider, third party websites you linked to from our websites or services, pages or information you view or access through your interaction with a Trimble website, application or service, search history
Yes
No
Geolocation data
Coarse or granular Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) data from our hardware devices and/or from a California consumer’s mobile device; region or postal code
Yes
No
Sensory data
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information
Yes
No
Professional or employment-related information
Job title, work experience, performance evaluations
Yes
No
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities and aptitudes
Yes
No
The purposes for which the categories of Personal Information shall be used, and the business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling personal information, are described in detail in the following sections of the full version of Trimble’s Privacy Notice: Section II(C) (Some Processing Practices explained in Detail); Section III (For what Purposes do we use this information); Section IV (On what basis does Trimble collect and process this information); and Section V (Data Transfers).
Right to Opt-Out: Although none of the information noted above is sold, we acknowledge that California consumers have the right to direct us not to sell (as that term is defined under CCPA) your Personal Information covered by CCPA. If you want to exercise your right, if any, to opt-out, you may do so here:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Or by postal mail at the following address:
Trimble Inc.
Office of Data Protection / Legal
935 Stewart Drive
Sunnyvale, California 94085
Trimble Full Privacy Notice
Data Processing Agreement
Data Processing Agreement (to be signed)
Privacy Notice for Applicants in EU/EEA
1. Who is responsible for the processing of your personal information?
The relevant Trimble recruiting legal entity  (hereinafter referred to as "we" or “us”) in the European Economic Aera is the data controller within the meaning of the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").
2. For what purposes and on what legal basis do we process your personal data?
We process personal data about you for the purpose of evaluating your application for employment and our hiring decision. . We will process personal data about you purposes of legal compliance and defense against legal claims. The legal basis for both is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Personal data of successful applicants will be used in the process of establishing the employment relationship, including, where applicable and required, consulting with employee representations. Our practices in relation to your personal data in the course of the employment relationship are described in a separate privacy notice that will be handed out with the employment agreement.
3. What categories of personal data do we process?
We process data relating to your application. This may be general data about you (such as name, address and contact details), details about your professional qualifications and school education or details about your professional development or other details that are transferred by you in relation to your application (including results of assessments conducted within the recruiting process as well as results from reference checks or security checks) .
We may also process work-related information that has been made publicly available, such as for example a profile on professional social media networks.
4. From which sources does personal data originate, if we do not collect it from you?
If you have an active professional profile on a job platform, or disclose to us, in the context of the application process, an inactive or partially active profile in a professional social media network, we may collect personal data from it and not directly from you. We also collect personal data when conducting reference or security checks, where necessary, and within the boundaries of applicable law.
5. Which categories of data recipient are there?
We share your personal data for evaluating your application with companies of our group, if this is permissible within the context of the purposes and legal bases described under section 2 above. Personal data is also processed on our behalf on the basis of contracts in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR, in particular with Google Inc whose Google Hire is utilized to manage our global talent acquisition process.
6. Is data transfer to a third country intended?
We only transmit data to service providers or companies associated with us in a third country if the European Commission has determined that the third country has an adequate level of data protection or other sufficient data protection guarantees (e.g. binding corporate data protection rules or EU model contractual clauses or recipients are certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield) are in place.
Information about the data protection guarantees and how and where to obtain a copy of them, is available on request.
7. For how long is your data stored?
We store your personal data for as long as is necessary to make a decision about your application. If no employment relationship is concluded between you and us, we may also continue to store data, if this is necessary for the defense of any legal claims. Any Personal data related to your application is deleted six  months after notification of the rejection decision, unless a longer storage period is required because of legal disputes.
8. What rights do you have?
As an applicant you have the following data protection rights, depending on your particular situation. In order to exercise these rights you can contact us.
You may write to the above-mentioned address to request information concerning the data stored about you. Under certain circumstances, you may also request the correction or deletion of your data. You also have the right to restrict the processing of your data as well as the right to have data which you have provided published in a structured, commonly-used and machine-readable format.
Right to Object
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for without giving reasons. When we process your data for the safeguarding of legitimate interests, you may object to this processing on grounds relating to your particular situation. In that case we shall no longer process your personal data, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You may also contact the responsible data protection supervisory authority with a complaint.
9. Requirement to provide personal data
The provision of personal data is neither legally nor contractually required, nor are you otherwise obliged to provide the personal data. However, the provision of personal data for the conclusion of an employment contract with us is necessary. This means that if you do not provide us with any personal data in an application, we cannot evaluate your application.
10. No automated decision-making
There is no automated individual decision-making within the meaning of Art. 22 GDPR. This means that the decision about your application is not based solely on automated processing.
Privacy Shield Notice
Privacy Shield Notice
Version 1.0
Effective Date: 22 February 2019
EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
Trimble Inc. (“Trimble”, “we”, “us”) complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal data transferred from the European Union and the United Kingdom and/or Switzerland to the United States. Trimble Inc. has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is a conflict between the terms of this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to review our certification, please visit www.privacyshield.gov.
This Notice applies to the collection, use and retention of your personal data if you are a user of our websites, mobile sites and applications and located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland; it does not apply to data that we collect from job candidates, employees or contractors in the EEA or Switzerland or to data that we collect from other jurisdictions. Such data is covered in other, separate notices as required.
TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED
We may collect the following types of personal data from you, as a controller, or processor on behalf of your employer or business partner, depending on how you interact with us:
Trimble ID, registration, and customer support: your name, the name of the company you work for, contact information, and upon a purchase, billing, payment and delivery information.
Trimble apps and websites: your IP address (which may tell us where you are located), operating systems, pages viewed, time spent on our website, the type of browser and device you used, as well as the referring website, and if applicable, the search terms that led you to our website.
Trimble app activation and automatic updates: when you are registered to use a Trimble product (software or hardware) for which we provide updates to you, we may process information about your Trimble product and any product on which you may have it installed (including your IP address), and your product serial number. Some of our apps connect to our servers and offer you the ability to install updates to the app, either in the background or upon your confirmation. We may keep track of information such as whether an update was successful or not. We may also use information collected through activation or app updates to validate that you hold a valid license to our product and confirm that it is genuine and properly licensed.
Trimble emails: We use marketing automation platforms for sending you emails and track behavior related to those emails, including whether you have opened the email, clicked a link in the email or forwarded it.
Trimble online advertising: Trimble displays ads to you on our website and on other companies' websites or apps. We collect information such as which ads are displayed, which ads are clicked on, and where the ad was displayed. If you download Trimble content offered on a displayed ad, identifiers relating to you and your computer usage will be collected as a part of that download process.
Buttons, tools, and content from other companies: sometimes our apps and websites link to other companies’ services via buttons, tools, or other content. If you provided Trimble with your consent, we collect information about your use of these features. In addition, when you see or interact with these buttons, tools, or content, or view a Trimble web page or app containing them, information from your browser may automatically be sent to the other company.
Trimble community pages: Trimble uses third party platforms for creating community sites for Trimble users. To become a member and receive access to a community site, you will be asked to provide personal information as part of a registration process. If you decide to participate in such a community site, you will be asked to provide the following personal data about you: Name, email address, selected password.
Trimble social community: you may be able to sign in to a Trimble app or website using a social networking account, such as a Google account. When you use these sign-on features, we may, upon your consent, collect information on you from the relevant social vendor for providing account access, including unique identifier, email, first and last name.
Paid ads: occasionally, Trimble places paid ads on social sites like LinkedIn or Facebook for engaging marketing thought leadership. Related content is offered. We require personal information (IP address, Name, name of the company you work for, business email address, phone number and geographic location) as part of web form submissions to provide access for downloading these materials.
Marketing newsletters: to inform you of new app releases, special offers, and similar information, we will process your personal data for the purposes specified in such consent.
Cookies: Trimble uses cookies and similar technologies to make our websites work, as well as to learn more about our users and their likely interests. Our unique web portfolio and wide product range requires each of Trimble’s websites to provide its own cookie policy. Refer to the cookie policy on the website you are visiting for more detailed information. You may reject the cookie policy of that site when visiting or may manage your cookie preferences with your Internet browser.
Trimble Applications: Trimble applications may process, on behalf of your employer, your location, name, address, work location, room assignments, title, employee number, work assignments, organizational settings, details related to your work assignment, such as tasks, timelines, work time related details, work hours, expenses, payroll related details, machines and other equipment and assets you use, work space related details,  in the course of us providing services to your employer.
For more detailed information on our data collection and the related purposes, please also refer to our Privacy Notice.
COMMITMENT TO SUBJECT TO THE PRINCIPLES
We subject to the applicable Privacy Shield Principles all personal data that concerns individuals in the EEA and Switzerland in reliance on the Privacy Shield. We also receive some data in reliance on other compliance mechanisms, including data processing agreements based on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses.
PURPOSES OF COLLECTION AND USE
Trimble collects and uses your personal data for one or more of the following purposes:
providing services to you and/or your employer including those available through any website and apps;
to provide existing and potential customers a better experience by personalizing our interactions;
to monitor and maintain the performance of our website or app and to analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our website;
marketing and market research (to keep you informed on Trimble, product updates, new app releases, provide special offers via email that are relevant to you);
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA TO THIRD PARTIES
We may share personal data with the following types of third parties and for the following purposes:
With the Trimble group of companies for the purposes described above. Some of our colleagues administering our websites or applications and providing IT services may be employees of our group companies. When administering the website our colleagues may have access to and/or may process your personal data for internal administrative and support purposes. The access is limited to colleagues with a need to know.
With contractors or agencies hired to deliver Trimble marketing programs on our behalf.
With our resellers or other authorized sales partners for the purpose of following up on your requests or marketing communications to the extent you provided your consent to marketing communications.
To meet legal requirements, we may disclose personal data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a subpoena or similar legal obligation, protect and defend our rights or property, act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of any of our websites/applications or the public, protect against legal liability, or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personnel may be part of the transferred assets. You will be notified of any change in ownership or uses of your personal data, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal data.
REQUIREMENT TO DISCLOSE
Trimble may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
RIGHT TO ACCESS
You have the right to access your personal data. To exercise this right, contact Trimble Office of Data Protection.
CHOICES AND MEANS
You may choose to change your personal data, unsubscribe from email lists, stop sharing of your personal data with third parties, or cancel an account by contacting Trimble Office of Data Protection with the information necessary to process the request. You may choose to unsubscribe from our marketing communications by following the instructions or unsubscribe mechanism in the email message.
INDEPENDENT DISPUTE RESOLUTION BODY
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Trimble commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.  EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Trimble Office of Data Protection at no cost to you.
If you are an individual in the EEA or Switzerland and your question or concern cannot be satisfied through our process, we have further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield related concerns to BBB EU Privacy Shield, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus, which provides an independent third-party dispute resolution mechanism based in the United States. Please visit www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers/ for more information or to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
Trimble has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship.
INVESTIGATORY AND ENFORCEMENT POWERS OF THE FTC
Trimble is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
ARBITRATION
If you are located in the EEA or Switzerland and have exhausted all other means to resolve your concern regarding a potential violation of Trimble's obligations under the Privacy Shield Principles, you may seek resolution via binding arbitration. For additional information about the arbitration process please visit the Privacy Shield website: www.privacyshield.gov.
LIABILITY
If any of our third party service providers processes personal data from the EEA or Switzerland in a manner inconsistent with the applicable Privacy Shield Principles, Trimble will be liable unless we can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damages.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you have inquiries or complaints regarding our practices in respect of your personal data, you can do so by contacting Trimble Office of Data Protection.
COVERED SUBSIDIARIES
Alk Technologies, Inc., Princeton, NJ (Trimble Maps)
PeopleNet Communications Corporation, Minnetonka, MN
After you have submitted the form a verification email will be sent to you.  Please check your Inbox and click on the link to verify your email address as requested. Only verified requests are processed further. Didn't receive a verification email?  Be sure to also check your trash folder.
SketchUp user? Click here to control the personal information you share with SketchUp - you can skip the form below.
Loading...
Back to Top
After you have submitted the form a verification email will be sent to you.  Please check your Inbox and click on the link to verify your email address as requested. Only verified requests are processed further. Didn't receive a verification email?  Be sure to also check your trash folder.
Trimble Office of Data Protection - Phone +1 408 481 6202
About Trimble
Trimble at a Glance
Leadership
History
Trimble Companies
Events
Trimble News
Investors
Investor Relations
Financial Releases
Annual Reports
Support
Support A-Z
Technical Support
Trimble Protected
Product Registration
Terms of Sale
Contact Us
Contacts
Public Relations
Investor Relations
Product Training
Trimble Locations
Sales
Do Not Sell My Information
Privacy Center
Terms Of Use
Contacts
© Copyright 2020, Trimble Inc.