https://www.cleanairltd.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
HomeTerms & Conditions
Clean Air Ltd Terms & Conditions
Please see below for the Terms and Conditions for the use of the Clean Air website. For our full standard trading Terms and Conditions please scroll to the bottom of the page.
Clean Air Terms and Conditions
The Clean Air Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of the United Kingdom
Company name
Clean Air Limited
Address
Mill Street
Farnworth
Bolton
BL4 7BH
Contact details
Tel | 01204 572900
Fax | 01204 572901
sales@cleanairltd.co.uk
UK VAT Registration Number
633944426
UK Company Registration Number
2952082
Registrations
Clean Air is certified to EN ISO 9001:2015, BS EN ISO 14001:2004 and ISO 45001:2018, and has CHAS and Constructionline accreditations.
www.cleanair.co.uk
The Site and its original content, features, and functionality are owned by Clean Air Ltd and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
Use of this website
You may only use this website for lawful purposes and you may not use it in a way that infringes the rights of anyone else or that restricts or inhibits anyone else’s enjoyment of the website.
You may not, without our prior written consent, copy, reproduce, republish, deep-link into, or edit in any way the web pages or materials on this website or the computer codes or elements comprising this website other than solely for your own personal or internal business use. You may not use the content of this website for any commercial purposes whatsoever.
We may place links on this website to other websites. We do not vet these websites and do not have any control over their contents, and each of these sites may have its own Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Except where required by applicable law, Clean Air cannot accept any liability in respect of the use of these websites.
While Clean Air makes every reasonable effort to ensure that the material on this site is accurate, the materials could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors and Clean Air does not represent or warrant that it is completely accurate or up to date. No liability shall attract to Clean Air in respect of such material or for any use of such information by any such person or any loss, whether direct or consequential (including, but not limited to, lost profits) suffered by anyone viewing this site.
To the fullest extent permissible by applicable laws Clean Air does not accept any liability for negligence and disclaims all representations and warranties, express or implied in relation to this website, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
For information about the cookies we use on this website click here.
Changes to these Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to change and update these Terms and Conditions from time to time and recommend that you revisit this page regularly to keep informed of the current T&Cs that apply to your use of the website. By continuing to access, browse and use this website, you will be deemed to have agreed to any changes or updates to our T&Cs.
Clean Air Standard Terms & Conditions
Download a copy of our full trading Terms and Conditions by clicking the button below.
CLEAN AIR TRADING TERMS & CONDITIONS
The UK's widest range of high-quality fume cupboards
Products
Find out more about our latest fume cupboard projects
Case Studies
Our friendly, helpful staff are waiting to assist you
Contact us
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Ok, thank you