https://www.ripleyaquariums.com/gatlinburg/privacy-policy/
WHAT’S INSIDE
Upper Level
Ocean Realm
Shark Lagoon
Touch A Ray Bay
Tropical Rainforest
Lower Level
Coral Reef
Discovery Center
Gallery of the Seas
Stingray Bay
Penguin Playhouse
Penguin Profiles
Shows & Gifts
Live Shows
Snacks and Souvenirs
Live Penguin Cam
EXPERIENCES
Virtual Tours
Turtle Time
Glass Bottom Boat
Penguin Paintings & Encounter
Splash With The Stingrays
EDUCATION
Virtual Learning
Homeschooling
In-Person Programs
Scouts
Conservation
GROUPS & EVENTS
Camps
Sleepovers
Birthday Parties
Upcoming Events
Calendar of Events
PLAN VISIT
Faq
Guest Services
Accessibility
Hours + Directions + Parking
Tickets
Annual Passes
In The Area
Ripley’s Gatlinburg
Area Partners
CONTACT
TICKETS
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) identifies how Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies (hereinafter referred to as “Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies”, “us,” or “our”) collect, use, and protects the personal information you provide to us when you visit www.ripleyaquariums.com/gatlinburg/. It does not apply to information that we may collect by other means. By entering the Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies website you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may be changed at any time as described below and you will be bound by changes to this Privacy Policy.
What personal information is collected and how is it used?
Information you provide
You are not required to provide any personal information in order to have general access to this Site, however, in order to access certain information, features or services, and to make purchases you may be required to provide personal information. Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies only gathers personally identifiable information, such as names, addresses, and email addresses, etc., when a visitor voluntarily submits the same, including through activities or postings at the website. Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies collects personal information through this website when you purchase tickets, book events, purchase gift certificates, post a video, submit a comment in connection with any interactive forum offered on the website, subscribe to the Text Messaging program, send us an inquiry for information, or otherwise participate in any contest or marketing program offered by Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies that requires the submission of such information. This information may include name, address, phone number, email address, password and credit card information. We use this information to process your request and/or to contact you with questions and/or information regarding your reservation, purchase or applicable feature or service. We may also use this information to send you information about discount offers and other special promotions at Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies. In addition, we may share your name, address, email address and phone number with some of our trusted marketing partners, who may contact you to offer discounts and other valuable information about their products and services. In response to any email or text message promotion that you receive, such marketing partners will provide you with the opportunity to indicate that you do not wish to receive these promotions. We may use the personal information that you have given to us and cross-reference it with personal information we receive from our affiliates, marketing partners and others, including to provide you an enhanced and more personalized experience. We may also use such information and other information that we obtain from your use of the website, to respond to your questions or comments, to resolve disputes, to contact you when necessary in connection with the operation of the website, to address problems and to understand the use of the website, and to enforce our Terms of Use. Please note that information that you voluntarily provide in public portions of the website is not protected information and such information could potentially be collected and used in ways which we cannot control.
In addition to using your information as described above, if you have provided your email address we may also occasionally send you email announcements regarding special promotions and other information we believe will be of interest to you. You may opt-out of receiving the mailings or any other emails that we send to our mailing list by using the “unsubscribe” feature in any email you receive from us or emailing us at RipleysOnline@ripleys.com.
Browser Level Information
Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies web servers automatically collect information about a visitor’s IP address, browser type and referrer by reading this information from your browser. This information is collected in a database and used to help us recognize you each time you return to one of our websites. It is also used in an aggregated, anonymous manner in our internal analysis of traffic patterns within our website. This information is automatically logged by most websites.
Passive Collection
Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies, our third party service providers, advertisers and/or our partners may use cookies, web beacons or other tracking tools to collect information about your visit to our websites, to track the effectiveness of our online marketing, and to manage related information. We use this technology to access information in accordance with the other sections of this Privacy Policy and to compile aggregate data. This data is used for reporting, promotional and marketing purposes only and the data we gather, along with the reports we generate do not recognize any personal information specific to you, or your individual computer. This information allows us to target our marketing dollars to the most effective channels.
If this practice is of concern to you, the “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. You do not need to enable cookies to visit our website, however, some parts features and services may be more difficult or impossible to use if cookies are disabled. If you are utilizing a third party application when you visit the website, such third party application may, as part of its functionality, provide information about your visit to us or to others, subject to the terms of use of use of such application and/or the privacy policy of such application. Accordingly, you are encouraged to familiarize yourself with the ways in which such applications may be used to collect and to disseminate data and personal information.
How is personal information protected?
Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies maintains security measures, such as firewall, limited access, and SSL encryption technology, designed to protect against loss, misuse, and alteration of visitor information collected by Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies through its websites.
How is personal information shared with third parties?
As indicated in this Privacy Policy, Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies may share information it collects from you with certain third parties. Further, we may share your information with our service providers—that is, organizations that provide services to support Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies functions, the website’s technical operation or the execution of a specific promotion or program, such as our mail processing company, payment processing companies, and market research firms.
All such service providers are bound by contract to refrain from using the personally identifiable information we collect from you for any purpose other than providing the service to Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies. We also may release information at the request of law enforcement authorities or other government officials; when ordered to do so by a court or when otherwise required by law; in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition or similar event; when we believe it is necessary to assert, protect or enforce our legal or intellectual property rights; and/or in connection with an investigation of any activity that is infringing, illegal, may expose us to liability, may harm the website or visitors to the website.
We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For example, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications.
How can I opt-out of receiving future communications?
You may opt-out of receiving communications from us by following the instructions to unsubscribe that are provided in our email communications. In addition, you may request to be removed from our marketing database at any time by contacting us at: RipleysOnline@ripleys.com.
ONLINE COLLECTION OF INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13
Children’s’ Privacy: Policies For Users Under Age 13
We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from children under the age of 13 on the site, except for the limited circumstances described below. In the event a child under the age of 13 submits a question to us on the site and identifies her or his age, we may use the child’s email address for the sole purpose of responding to the child’s question on a one time only basis. However, we will not use the child’s email address to contact the child and we will delete it from our records once we have responded.
Is my child’s information required for participation in online activities?
No. Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies does not limit a child’s participation in any online activity by requiring identifiable information to participate in the activity.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, please contact: RipleysOnline@ripleys.com.
What are the Terms of Use?
If you set up an account at the website, make a purchase through the website or submit any personal information to us by signing up for any of our products or services or availing yourself of any website feature that requires you to submit personal information, your action is deemed acceptance of our practices described in this Privacy Policy. Any dispute over privacy between you and Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies is subject to the provisions of this privacy policy and to our Terms of Use.
Linked Web Sites
For your convenience, the website may contain links to other websites or services. Any information you provide when using such third party websites or services is collected by them and not by us, and is subject to their privacy practices and not this Privacy Policy. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or services, which may differ significantly from those of Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave the website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal information.
How will you know if we change our Privacy Policy?
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time and we encourage you to review it on a regular basis. This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 1, 2013. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will notify you of the change by sending you an email at the last email address that you provided us. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share personal information on a going forward basis, we will indicate those changes in an updated version of the Privacy Policy. In the event that Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies goes through a business transition, such as a merger, another company acquires us or Ripley’s Aquarium of the Smokies sells a portion of its assets, your personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. In such event you will be informed of this and its effects via notice on our website. If as a result of a business transition, your personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, you will be given the choice to opt-out.
AT A GLANCE
88 River Rd, Gatlinburg,TN 37738
(865) 430-8808
(888) 240-1358
aquariumofthesmokies@ripleys.com
Hours & Directions
FAQs
WE ARE HIRING
News Sign Up
Sign me up for Ripley's News & Offers.
Sign up for Special Ripley's news, discounts, and special promos!
Name
*
Name
Email
*
Email
reCAPTCHA
Find It Fast Education
Groups & Events
Penguin Encounter
Penguin Paintings
Splash With Stingrays
Copyright Ripley Entertainment Inc © 2020. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use