https://www.williemiller.com/privacy
Willie Miller Urban Design (WMUD) Privacy StatementWho we are WMUD is a design practice established in 1996. It is based at 20 Victoria Crescent Road, Glasgow, G12 9DD, Scotland. You can contact us by post at this address, by email at [email protected] or by telephone on +44 (0)141 339 5228.Why do we need your personal information and what do we do with it?You may give us your personal information to allow us to provide you with notification of updates to the Willie Miller Urban Design website.  We only ask for your First Name, Last Name, Organisation and Email Address. WMUD is committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of visitors to our web site.  In particular, we do not sell, rent or trade email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing or any other purpose.The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 The GDPR is a regulation in EU law on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the European Union. It also addresses the export of personal data outside the EU. The GDPR aims primarily to give control to citizens and residents over their personal data and to simplify the regulatory environment for international business by unifying the regulation within the EU.It was adopted on 14 April 2016. It becomes enforceable on 25 May 2018, after a two-year transition period. The GDPR replaces the 1995 Data Protection Directive.Because GDPR is a regulation, not a directive, it does not require national governments to pass any enabling legislation and is directly binding and applicable.How does it affect you? Under the EU GDPR, you are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold.  You can do this directly using through MailChimp or by emailing your request to our [email protected].Our Mailing List We run an occasional news update service.  For this we use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter when we publish updates, usually about completed projects. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve this newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails.Our Contact Form We have a contact form on our about page.  If you prefer to use this form rather than email, your message to us is treated like an ordinary email. It is not stored on a database but if you wish these messages to be deleted, please request deletion at [email protected].Visiting the website We do not carry any form of advertising on this website but we do use cookies associated with WordPress, (the Content Management System that powers the site), performance and analytics cookies that are likely to be placed on your computer by Google (Google Analytics) and by Hitslink (Net Applications) and other cookies associated with the functional requirements of social networks such as Facebook Like buttons or Twitter follow buttons.Cookies Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device.Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests – although we do not allow advertising on this site. Cookies are categorised as described in the ICC UK Cookie guide.Category 1: strictly necessary cookies These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided. This website does not place this category of cookie on your computer but in any event, no consent is required from users.Category 2: performance cookies These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor although IP addresses may be recorded. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works. This website does place this category of cookie on your computer. By using our website you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.Category 3: functionality cookies These cookies allow a website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. This website does not place this category of cookie on your computer.Category 4: targeting cookies or advertising cookies These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organizations. This website does not place this category of cookie on your computer.A list of all the cookies used on this website by category is set out below.Cookie Name | Cookie Category |Description | Duration wordpress_| 2 | WordPress cookie for a logged in user | session wordpress_logged_in_|2 |WordPress cookie for a logged in user | session wordpress_test_ | 2 | WordPress cookie for a logged in user | session wordpress_test_cookie | 2 | WordPress test cookie | session google_analytics_utmb | 2 | Google Analytics cookie | 4 months counter.hitslink.com_VSID | 2 | Hitslink analytic cookie | 3 monthsLinks to other websites Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Your rights under data protection law:Access to your information – you have the right to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you.Correcting your information – we want to make sure that your personal information is accurate, complete and up to date. Therefore you may ask us to correct any personal information about you that you believe does not meet these standards.Deletion of your information – you have the right to ask us to delete personal information about you where:you think that we no longer need to hold the information for the purposes for which it was originally obtainedyou have a genuine objection to our use of your personal information – see Objecting to how we may use your information belowour use of your personal information is contrary to law or our other legal obligations.Objecting to how we may use your information. You have the right at any time to tell us to stop using your personal information for direct marketing purposes. Restricting how we may use your information In some cases, you may ask us to restrict how we use your personal information.  This right might apply, for example, where we are checking the accuracy of personal information that we hold about you or we are assessing the objection you have made to our use of your information. This right might also apply if we no longer have a basis for using your personal information but you don’t want us to delete the data.  Where this right is realistically applied will mean that we may only use the relevant personal information with your consent, for legal claims or where there are other public interest grounds to do so.  Please contact us as stated above if you wish to exercise any of these rights at [email protected] Please identify yourself via e-mail Enter your email address