https://www.infinity-usa.com/support/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
PRODUCTS
InfiniProbe Series
InfiniProbe TS-160
InfiniProbe MS
InfiniProbe C-Mount
ROBUSTO Series
ROBUSTO TS-160
K1 CentriMax
K2 DistaMax
MikroMak Series
Nelsonian Award
Proximity Series
InfiniTube
FM-Series
Standard
Ultima
InfiniGage
InfiniStix
InfiniFlex
InfiniMini
InfiniMite
InFocus
K-Series
CentriTel Optics
Model KC VideoMax
Model KX InfiniMax
Model K1 CentriMax
Model K2 DistaMax
Achrovid Objectives
Warranty
OEM Handbook / Instructions
Images
PDFs
INFINITY Photo-Optical Company Privacy Policy
In general, people can visit INFINITY’s Web-site(s) and access information while remaining anonymous, and not revealing any personal information. However, by knowing your preferences we can deliver relevant information that meets your needs, and ensures that your visit to our site is quick, easy, and productive. INFINITY will not share or disclose your information, with the exception that we may share some information with an INFINITY Authorized Dealer/Partner in order to help fulfill your needs.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a Web server transfers to an individual’s computer for record-keeping purposes. Cookies are used to collect personally identifying information only when you register personalized information on this site or enter into one of our password-protected areas. These cookies are used to identify you the next time you return to the site. They also maintain your identity while at our site so that you need only login once. Without cookies you would be required to login repeatedly on a single visit. INFINITY does not use cookies to identify specific individuals or to retrieve information that was not originally sent in the cookie. Your browser must be enabled to accept cookies in order to take advantage of these time-saving features.
Your Personal Profile
INFINITY may require registration to access certain information on our servers which may entail disclosing some personal information such as your name, e-mail address, etc. You have complete control over your personal information. You may view and/or modify your personal profile at any time. You can help maintain the accuracy of your information by reviewing your profile and making any corrections or additions. If you registered (subscribed) to receive electronic news updates, each message will include instructions on how to unsubscribe and/or edit your profile. If you registered in our forums, you can retrieve your profile from the profile link at the top of the forums.
Children’s Privacy
INFINITY has no desire to, and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If we discover that a minor has provided personally identifiable information, we will delete that information from our system. INFINITY encourages parents to instruct their children about safe and responsible use of personal information while using the Internet.
Third-Party Sites
INFINITY’s site(s) contain links to other Web-sites. INFINITY is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web-sites.
e-Commerce
The collection of personal information through commercial transactions and password-protected areas on this Web-site are secured via SSL encryption. This information is used for such things as processing orders by credit card. Credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and need never be revealed to the merchant. INFINITY will make every effort to keep your transactions secure. However, INFINITY is not responsible for any misuse of your password or account information throughout any INFINITY Web-site(s). You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and/or account, and for any and all activities which occur under your account. In other words, don’t give your “house-key” to anyone whom you don’t want in your house.
————————————-
INFINITY welcomes comments and questions on this policy. If for any reason you are not comfortable with this policy or a privacy issue is in question, then please don’t hesitate to contact us. We want to reassure you that INFINITY is dedicated to protecting your personal information, and will make every reasonable effort to keep that information private. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to INFINITY’s Chief Information Officer.
By using the infinity-usa.com Web-site or any other INFINITY owned, operated, licensed or controlled site, you signify your agreement with the INFINITY Photo-Optical Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Your continued use of any INFINITY Web-site, following changes to these terms means you accept those changes.
© Infinity Photo-Optical Company. All Rights Reserved. Legal Notice
PRODUCTS
By Series
By Solution
INSTRUCTIONS
ABOUT
Our Company
Awards
Media Information
Media Information MikroMak
Media Information TS-160 ROBUSTO
Cinec Interview
SUPPORT
Software Freeware
Downloads
Links
Warranty
Limited Warranty
Terms and Conditions
Return Policy
Legal Notice
Privacy Policy
NELSONIAN AWARD
PRICING
CONTACT
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Log in
Remember me
Lost your password?