http://www.fabtech.org/privacy_policy
Username
Password
Remember me
Forgot password? |
It's FREE!
Online information source for semiconductor professionals
News Feeds | Newsletter | Journal | Advertise | About Us | Contact Us | Subscriptions
Home
News
Editor's Blog
Chip Shots
Fabtech Jobs
Product Briefings
White Papers
Going Places
Special Features
Event Calendar
Journal
Wafer Processing
Lithography
Fab Management
Materials & Gases
Critical Components
Cleanroom
EHS
This Site
Engineering Web
Privacy Policy
By accessing Fabtech.org you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions of use:
The
terms and conditions of use may be changed at any time by fabtech.org
online, and your continued access to the website means that you agree
to be bound by the most current version of the terms and conditions of
use.
The fabtech.org website is an open medium where the
semiconductor fabrication community are free to comment on, post jobs
and access information on the pages of our website. You are solely
responsible for all information that you submit to fabtech.org and any
consequences that may result from your post. We do reserve the right to
refuse, edit or delete postings that we believe are inappropriate.
fabtech.org
and all content of fabtech.org is protected by copyright, trade marks,
database and other intellectual property rights. Fabtech.org is wholly
owned by Semiconductor Media Ltd and is a registered company in the
United Kingdom.
We do not permit the use of the fabtech.org logo
by third parties absent a written license agreement. We do not permit
the use of the fabtech.org logo on any type of promotional materials,
flyers or other websites without prior written consent from the
publisher.
All information and materials appearing on
fabtech.org are protected by copyright and are the property of
fabtech.org or the party credited as the poster of the information.
You
may not copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, create derivative works,
store electronically, transmit or in any way exploit for commercial
gains or otherwise, any content or posted information on fabtech.org.
If
you make postings to fabtech.org providing false contact details or
impersonating another party we reserve the right to pass your details
and IP address on to the aggrieved third party, their agents or any law
enforcement agency.
Disclaimer
The
information contained on this community website is for information
purposes. Whilst every care has been taken in its preparation,
fabtech.org does not make any warranties nor representations as to its
accuracy or reliability. We neither accept nor assume any liability in
relation to the contents of these pages which should not be relied upon
as accurate.
In no event do we accept liability of any
description for the posting of any unlawful, threatening, abusive,
defamatory, obscene or indecent information, or material of any kind
which violates or infringes upon the rights of any other person,
including without limitation any transmissions constituting or
encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offence, give rise
to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable law.
In
no event do we accept liability of any description including liability
for negligence for any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use,
data or profits arising out of or in connection with the viewing, use
or performance of this website or its contents. The pages contained in
this website may contain technical inaccuracies and typographical
errors. The information in these pages may be updated from time to time
and may at times be out of date. We accept neither responsibility for
keeping the information in these pages up to date nor liability for any
failure to do so.
fabtech.org has provided links and pointers to
Internet sites maintained by third parties. Such linked sites are not
under our control and we are not responsible for the contents
(including the accuracy, legality or decency) of any linked site or any
link contained in a linked site. We provide these links to you only as
a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement
by fabtech.org of the linked site. We are not responsible for the
copyright compliance of any linked site.
fabtech.org does not
warrant that the service will be uninterrupted or error-free or that
defects in the service will be corrected. You also understand that we
cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for
downloading through the Site or delivered via electronic mail through
the Site will be free of infection or viruses, worms, Trojan horses or
other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties. You
are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints
to satisfy your particular requirements for accuracy of data input and
output, and for maintaining a means external to the Site for the
reconstruction of any lost data.
As a condition of your use of the Site you agree that you will not:
•
post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, defamatory,
obscene or indecent information or material of any kind, including
without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging
conduct that would constitute a criminal offence, give rise to civil
liability or otherwise violate any applicable law.
• post or
transmit any material of any kind which violates or infringes upon the
rights of any other person, including material which is an invasion of
any privacy or publicity rights or which is protected by copyright,
trade mark or any other proprietary right, or derivative works with
respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or
relevant right holder.
•
post or transmit any material of any kind which contains a virus or other harmful component.
•
download any file posted by any other user if you know, or reasonably
ought to know, that the file cannot legally be distributed in such
manner.
Browser and operating system policy
fabtech.org
endeavours to support as many users as possible, but it has become
necessary to cease supporting some browser versions.
Supported browsers: Microsoft Internet Explorer v5.5+, Mozilla Firefox v1.5+, Netscape v6+, Safari 1.3+, Opera v8.5+ and Konqueror 3.4+. The older browsers can be used but are not supported and some of the website functionalities might not be available.
fabtech.org
also requires users to enable session cookies in order to log in
(enabling permanent cookies is recommended), and JavaScript, in their
browser.
Chip Shots Blog and Micro Archives
All
intellectual property for the Chip Shots blog and Micro Archives
remains the property of Tom Cheyney and is present on the Fabtech.org
domain as part of a content licensing agreement with the author. Any
inquiries or comments on that contact should be directed to Tom
Cheyney, contact details in the contact us section of the website.
Advanced search
All contents © copyright 1996-2014 Solar Media Limited. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Cookies | Henley Media Group