http://www.vki.ac.be/index.php/privacy-policy
ContactAlumniNewsJobsVKI Newsletters
HomeAbout VKIResearchAeroacousticsAerodynamics and AeronauticsAerothermochemistryAerothermodynamicsCompressor Aerodynamics & Heat TransferEnvironmental and Safety FlowsInstrumentation and Measurement TechniquesLiquid and Solid PropulsionLiquid Metal and Industrial FlowsRarefied and Plasma FlowsShape OptimizationTurbine Aerodynamics & Heat TransferEU funded projectsOther funded projectsDepartmentsAeronautics and Aerospace DepartmentEnvironmental and Applied Fluid Dynamics DepartmentTurbomachinery and Propulsion DepartmentProject OfficeAcademic ProgrammesFacilitiesAeroacoustics Facilities Cryogenics Laboratory High Speed Wind TunnelsHPC Cluster Industrial Test RigsLow Speed Wind Tunnels
Plasma FacilitiesSafety FacilitiesSeismic FacilitiesTechnical SupportTurbomachinery
Two-Phase Flow FacilitiesWater FacilitiesVKI Instrumentation ServiceLecture SeriesCalendarEligibility CriteriaAccommodationHow to reach usGeneral Terms and Conditions for VKI Online and Taught Lecture SeriesVKI LS Machine Learning for Fluid Mechanics: courses availableStore
von Karman Institute for Fluid Dynamics
Training in Research through Research
von Karman Institute for Fluid Dynamics
Training in Research through Research
von Karman Institute for Fluid Dynamics
Training in Research through Research
›
‹
1
2
3
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
Version 2.0 18/05/2018
1. Introduction
1.1 We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and service users.
1.2 This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3 We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website and services, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
1.4 Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process your personal data. By using the privacy controls, you can specify whether you would like to receive direct marketing communications and limit the publication of your information. You can access the privacy controls via this link. If you purchased any good or services through our store (i.e. books, articles, inscription to events) you can check your preferences on the store at this link.
1.5 In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to the von Karman Institute for Fluid Dynamics. For more information about us, see Section 12.
2. How we use your personal data
2.1 In this Section 2 we have set out: (a) the general categories of personal data that we may process; (b) in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data; (c) the purposes for which we may process personal data; and (d) the legal bases of the processing.
2.2 We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests for all existing data (or consent for new data), namely monitoring and improving our website and services or for security purposes (i.e. to protect the "account data",see 2.3, from fraudulent access from third parties).
2.3 We may process your account data ("account data"). The account data may include your name and email address. The source of the account data is you or your employer (i.e. in case you have been inscribed in our systems with some colleagues to participate to a conference). The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests for existing data (or consent for new data), namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.4 We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website ("profile data"). The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, profile pictures, gender, date of birth, relationship status, interests and hobbies, educational details and employment details. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests for existing data (or consent for new data), namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.5 We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services ("service data"). The service data may include interaction with our system and services, presence and personal data. The source of the service data is you or your employer. The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests for existing data (or consent for new data), namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.6 We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services ("publication data"). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests for existing data (or consent for new data), namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.7 We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is [consent] OR [[specify basis]].
2.8 We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information ("customer relationship data"). The customer relationship data may include your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact details, and information contained in communications between us and you or your employer. The source of the customer relationship data is you or your employer. The customer relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and promoting our products and services to customers. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests for existing data (or consent for new data), namely the proper management of our customer relationships.
2.9 We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website ("transaction data"). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.10 We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.11 We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
2.12 We may process ("recommendation data"). This data may include names and emails addresses of referrers for your use of our website and services. The source of this data is our enrolment website. This data may be processed for contacting people to evaluate your eligibility to access our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.13 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
2.14 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
2.15 In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
2.16 Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
3. Providing your personal data to others
3.1 We will not disclose your personal data to any external companies.
3.2 We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
3.3 We may disclose your contact details to our suppliers, subcontractors or national defenses entities identified at this link insofar as reasonably necessary for national security issues, VISA and immigration control.
3.4 Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers (Paypal and BNP Paribas Fortis). We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices at https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full and https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/footer-pages/privacy-policy.
3.5 In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 3, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4. International transfers of your personal data
4.1 Your data will never be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
4.2 We have offices and facilities in Belgium (BE).
4.3 The hosting facilities for our website are situated in Belgium (BE).
4.4 You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
5. Retaining and deleting personal data
5.1 This Section 5 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
5.2 Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
5.3 We will retain your personal data as follows: (a) All data pertaining to an ongoing relationship will be kept until this relationship is not terminated by either your or us. (b) Students/Employees data will be retained for a minimum period of 15 years following the departure and for a maximum period of 30 years following the departure. (c) All data related to an invalid account (i.e. email address not existing anymore) will be kept for 1 year and then removed from our systems. (d) All data related to an account whose owner requires the closure will be removed from our systems in a few working days.
5.4 In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine the period of retention based on the following criteria: (a) the period of retention of personal data will be determined based on the appropriates laws in existance.
5.5 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 5, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
6. Amendments
6.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
6.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
6.3 We may notify you of significant changes to this policy by email or through the private messaging system on our website.
7. Your rights
7.1 In this Section 7, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
7.2 Your principal rights under data protection law are: (a) the right to access; (b) the right to rectification; (c) the right to erasure; (d) the right to restrict processing; (e) the right to object to processing; (f) the right to data portability; (g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and (h) the right to withdraw consent.
7.3 You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first electronic copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee. You can access your personal data by sending an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
7.4 You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
7.5 In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure.
The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
7.6 In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
7.7 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
7.8 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
7.9 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
7.10 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is: (a) consent; or (b) that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
7.11 If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, have contacted us with the issue and not received a satisfactory answer, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
7.12 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
7.13 You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by sending an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
8. About cookies
8.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
8.2 Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
8.3 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
9. Cookies that we use
9.1 We use cookies for the following purposes: (a) authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website(s) and as you navigate our website(s); (b) status - we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website(s); (c) personalisation - we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise the website(s) for you; (d) security - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally; (e) analysis - we may use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services; and (f) cookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
10. Cookies used by our service providers
10.1 Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
10.2 We use Youtube to embed videos and presentations on our website(s). This service uses cookies for remembering the viewed videos, last frame viewed, and so on. You can view the privacy policy of this service provider at https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2801895?hl=en&ref_topic=2803240 .
11. Managing cookies
11.1 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links: (a) https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome); (b)
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences(Firefox); (c) http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/(Opera); (d)
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer); (e) https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and (f) https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
11.2 Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
11.3 If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
12. Our details
12.1 The website linking to this privacy policy is owned and operated by the von Karman Institute for Fluid Dynamics.
12.2 We are registered in Belgium under registration number 0407 185 709 and our registered office is at Waterloosesteenweg, 1640 Sint-Genesius-Rode, Belgium.
12.3 Our principal place of business is as above.
12.4 You can contact us: (a) by post, to the postal address given above; (b) using our website contact form; (c) by telephone, on the contact number published on our website from time to time;
(d) by email, using the email address published on our website from time to time or using This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .
Print
Legal NoticePrivacy PolicyTerms and Conditions of UseCookie Policy
VKI Menu
Home
About VKI
Research
Aeroacoustics
Aerodynamics and Aeronautics
Aerothermochemistry
Aerothermodynamics
Compressor Aerodynamics & Heat Transfer
Environmental and Safety Flows
Instrumentation and Measurement Techniques
Liquid and Solid Propulsion
Liquid Metal and Industrial Flows
Rarefied and Plasma Flows
Shape Optimization
Turbine Aerodynamics & Heat Transfer
EU funded projects
Other funded projects
Departments
Aeronautics and Aerospace Department
Environmental and Applied Fluid Dynamics Department
Turbomachinery and Propulsion Department
Project Office
Academic Programmes
Facilities
Aeroacoustics Facilities
Cryogenics Laboratory
High Speed Wind Tunnels
HPC Cluster
Industrial Test Rigs
Low Speed Wind Tunnels
Plasma Facilities
Safety Facilities
Seismic Facilities
Technical Support
Turbomachinery
Two-Phase Flow Facilities
Water Facilities
VKI Instrumentation Service
Lecture Series
Calendar
Eligibility Criteria
Accommodation
How to reach us
General Terms and Conditions for VKI Online and Taught Lecture Series
VKI LS Machine Learning for Fluid Mechanics: courses available
Store