http://www.fauna-flora.org/privacy-statement#cookies
FFI's Privacy Statement
Fauna & Flora International (FFI) recognises that a crucial element of the trust we hope to earn from our supporters, members of the public, prospective job applicants, or any other individuals who engage with us, comes from being open, honest and lawful in the way that we process personal data. We will only store your information if we have a lawful basis for doing so.
Below you can learn more about the different types of personal data that FFI collects, how and why we process that data, and who you can contact if you have any questions about the data we hold or the ways in which we process it.
FFI will never use anyone’s personal details in any way that they would not reasonably expect. FFI is registered as a Data Controller with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) (Registration No. Z5599356).
All personal data received and controlled by FFI is stored securely in the UK. By using this website you therefore consent to the potential transfer of your data outside of your country of residence.
As a donor to FFI
The data we hold
If you choose to share your name and postal address with us, then we will store this information on our database, where it will be held securely in the UK.
Access to the database is limited to only those members of FFI staff who need to see it in order to process donations, send acknowledgement letters and copies of our publications, and to make you aware of FFI events, appeals and news. We will only send these to you where appropriate and where we have your consent to do so.
Stop Communications
You can request to stop receiving our communications, or for us to erase your data, at any time by contacting Tom Beesley on +44 (0)1223 749018, or emailing tom.beesley@fauna-flora.org. Please note if you request to stop receiving communications, we will need to store your details on a secure database to enable us to comply with your request (even if we erase your data from our other systems).
Objections
You have the right to object to us processing your data where we are using your data for marketing, or processing your data based on our legitimate interests or the public interest, including any profiling for these purposes. You can make your objection at any time by contacting Tom Beesley on +44 (0)1223 749018 or emailing tom.beesley@fauna-flora.org.
Postal Mailings
In cases where we are sending mailings to a large number of people, FFI uses a carefully selected third party to print and post our communications. In these cases, your name and address will be provided securely to that third party only for the purposes of sending that mailing. Our third party commits never to share these details with any other party unless absolutely necessary for carrying out an agreed process, and to deleting these details as soon as the mailing is completed.
Email Mailings
If you have provided FFI with an email address, and we have your explicit consent to do so, then we will from time to time send you information about FFI events, news and projects that are in need of funding. These emails will always be accompanied by a link allowing you to unsubscribe at any time. Your email address will be stored on our secure database in the UK, and the emails will be sent using a third-party application called Campaign Monitor which processes and stores your email address securely in the US. Campaign Monitor will also provide us with details about which emails you have opened and when, and what links within an email you may have opened. FFI will only use this information to ensure that what we send is relevant, timely and interesting to you. Campaign Monitor are certified with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and details of how they keep your data safe can be found on their website.
Log
We maintain a history of interactions between FFI and our donors on our secure database in the UK. These include notes about inbound and outbound communications (i.e. to tell us that we have sent you something, or to tell us that you have written, telephoned or emailed us for any reason).
Subject Access Request
You can request a copy of the data we hold in relation to you. We commit to providing this within one month of receipt of your request. We will only withhold data in limited circumstances where we have legitimate reasons for doing so (for example, where releasing this information will affect another person’s privacy rights).  Please contact the Data Protection Lead (details below) to request this information.
Keeping data up to date
We will do our best to ensure that all data we hold is kept as up to date as possible. If your information changes or you think the information we have is incorrect, please let us know so that we can make the necessary amendments to our records.
Retention
We will only keep your data for as long as is necessary. We will delete your information as soon as there is no longer any legitimate reason to retain it.
Payment Details
If you have provided us with your credit or debit card details for the purposes of making a donation, then we will use those details only for the purposes of processing that donation, which we do through a secure service provided by WorldPay. We do not store card details, electronically or otherwise.
Where a donation has been sent to us in the post, we will store a paper copy of the donation only for the purposes of maintaining an audit trail. Card details on these forms are destroyed before they are stored.
Direct Debits
If you have provided FFI with your bank account details for the purpose of setting up and maintaining a Direct Debit, then this data will be held securely on our database in the UK. These account details will be sent securely to BACS Payment Schemes Ltd to set up the Direct Debit, so that we can claim the money on the date that has been agreed with you prior to setting up the Direct Debit. You can contact us to amend your Direct Debit details – including the amount, the day we claim the payment, and the account details we claim from, at any time.
Gift Aid
If you have provided FFI with a Gift Aid declaration, then this will be held either as a paper record in our secure offices, or electronically on our secure database in the UK. For the purposes of claiming Gift Aid your name, postcode and the donation amount (against which we are claiming tax relief) will be shared with HM Revenue and Customs using their secure online portal. Please contact us to update your Gift Aid record should there be any change in your contact details or circumstances.
Profiling
FFI will, from time to time, use the donation and giving history of our supporters to analyse trends over time and people’s propensity to donate towards our various projects. We use the results of this analysis to ensure that any fundraising appeals we send are appropriate to our donors both in terms of timing as well as the amount of money that we might ask for. This enables us to raise money more efficiently and respectfully.
Third Parties
FFI will never trade, sell or share your personal details with any third party, charity or commercial organisation unless it is strictly necessary for processing a donation, membership subscription or mailing list sign up. We do not rent or share lists with other organisations, and we will never do so.
As a member of FFI
We will collect and process the same data as we would for a donor to FFI, as detailed above.
AGM
Additionally, if you are a member with a UK mailing address, we will use this to send you notice of, and papers for, our Annual General Meeting, giving you the opportunity to attend or to participate in voting on AGM business by proxy.
Oryx
We will also provide your name, address and email address (if you have given consent) securely to Cambridge University Press for the purposes of providing you with Oryx—The International Journal of Conservation if you have requested this as part of your membership subscription.
As a visitor to FFI's website
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are automatically placed onto your device via the browser (e.g. Microsoft Internet Explorer, Google Chrome) that you use to access a website that you visit. When you first access our site, you should be asked for your consent to the use of cookies. If you do not consent, cookies will not be stored.
When you visit our website a cookie identifies and tracks your visit whilst collecting statistical information. Cookies tell us the pages that have been visited and collect information about many times certain pages have been visited.
Why we use cookies:
So that you can do things on our website such as completing the membership form
To optimise your user experience and make it better for you to use including remembering your settings during and between visits
To help us improve the website through the collection of anonymous statistics detailing, for example, which pages are most popular and how people are using them
To help smooth the sharing process between our site and your online social media feeds
So we can see how effective our online advertising is by analysing the impact of our Facebook advertising and optimise our fundraising messages.
You can choose to disable any Cookies already stored on your computer. Please be aware that disabling cookies may stop our website from functioning properly.
Google reCAPTCHA
We collect personal information from reCAPTCHA (owned by Google) and we use the information we receive from reCAPTCHA to check that you are a human and not a robot. Using reCAPTCHA ensures our website is protected from spam and abuse by using an advanced risk analysis machine.
The reCAPTCHA algorithm checks to see if there is a Google cookie placed on the computer being used. An additional reCAPTCHA-specific cookie will then be added to the user’s browser allowing a complete snapshot of the user’s browser window at that moment in time.
Information gathered includes:
All cookies placed by Google over the last 6 months
How many mouse clicks you’ve made on that screen (or touches on a touch device)
The CSS information for that page
The date
The language your browser is set to
Any plugins you have installed on the browser
All Javascript objects
Google Analytics
Through Google Analytics, we can also see how many people are clicking on our Google AdWords advertisements (for which we, as a charity, do not pay) and also the search terms people are using that activate the advert. This allows us to tailor our use of charitable Google Advertising in order to engage with more people for both fundraising and awareness-raising purposes.
If – after clicking on an advert – you go on to make a donation, sign up as a member, or subscribe to our e-newsletter, we will be able to identify you using the information you provide at the time of sign up or donation and can also see that you have arrived on our website via an advert. We will only use this information to provide you with the service you have requested and to better understand what you are interested in so that we can tailor our communications with you.
You can opt out of Google Analytics tracking by following the guidance provided by Google here.
Social Media
This website will also allow you to share pages with social networks such as Facebook, which you do at your own discretion. Although we will never share any personal information with third parties beyond what is strictly necessary in order to perform the service you have requested, we recommend that you familiarise yourself with the terms and conditions of any social media channels through which you choose to share a story (or engage in some other way with FFI) to ensure that you are happy with how they might combine the data they already hold on you with any interactions you have with us.
How we update this Privacy Statement
We may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time in order to reflect changes in the law, best practice or our internal procedures. You can see the last date at which any amendment or addition was made to this Privacy Statement by going to the bottom of this page. Please therefore review this Privacy Statement regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes to it.
Complaints
We are committed to protecting your personal information. If, however, you have a concern about how we have handled your data or about the contents of this Privacy Statement, or if you feel we may have mishandled your personal information, please contact us. We will respond efficiently to any complaints we receive. Our contact details are as follows:
Tom Beesley (Data Protection Lead)
+44(0)1223 749 018
tom.beesley@fauna-flora.org
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office with your concerns: https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Residents of the USA and Australia should also refer to the additional provisions set out below
United States of America
We confirm that we take all reasonable steps to comply with US laws and regulations in relation to online privacy.
California – Online Privacy Protection Act 2003
This Act relates to personally identifiable information (PII) collected in relation to residents of California.  Details of how we comply with this Act are set out in our above Privacy Statement which sets out the categories of PII we collect and how to request details of the PII we hold. In addition, we confirm that we do not share your PII with any third parties for direct marketing purposes. In relation to “Do Not Track” requests, please see our section on Cookies and Google Analytics above.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act 1998 (COPPA)
FFI’s website is not directed at children under the age of 13 and, as such, FFI does not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under that age. If FFI is made aware that personal information has been obtained from a child (without parental consent) we will take steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. Please contact us if you believe that we may have collected personal information from a child.
Australia
In addition to the above information, we also confirm that we take all reasonable steps to comply with the Australian Privacy Principles (APP’s) as set out in the Privacy Act 1988.
We confirm that we process data anonymously except where it is impracticable to do so (for example, in order to maintain a mailing list). Any unsolicited personal information we receive which we cannot legally hold under the Act will be destroyed. As stated above, all the data we collect is primarily stored securely in the UK and is processed and stored in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles. We ensure that any third parties we use to process or store information outside of Australia also comply with these principles.
If you have a complaint then please contact us at ffiaustralia@fauna-flora.org. If you are not satisfied with our response to a complaint you can contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Last updated: 30th October 2018
By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Find out more here
Close and don't show again