https://www.asdwa.org/privacy-policy/
About ASDWA
Help
Contact Us
Log In/Register
Association of State Drinking Water Administrators
Events
Calendar of Events
Online Events
Webinar Recordings
Program Areas
AWOP
Capacity Development
Data Management
Operator Certification
Regulatory
CCR
GWR
RTCR
Security
Security Vulnerability Assessment Guides
Small Systems
Source Water
CWA-SDWA Coordination
HABs
Private Wells
Road Salt
Special Topics
COVID-19
Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Fund (DWSRF)
Legionella
Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances (PFAS)
The Public Water System Supervision (PWSS) Program
SDWA Regulatory Development Process
Resources
COVID-19 Resources
ASDWA’s News Subscriptions
Reports and White Papers
Job Opportunities
Links
Newsroom
Privacy Policy
Who we are
ASDWA: The Association of State Drinking Water Administrators (ASDWA) respects the privacy of its members and other visitors to its website. To protect online privacy, ASDWA has implemented the following policy.
What Information Does ASDWA Collect?
Most data ASDWA collects are used only to help us better serve our members. It is our general policy to collect and store only personal information that our members and visitors knowingly provide. If our privacy policies change, we will notify all users by e-mail or a special announcement placed on the website.
From General Users. ASDWA does not collect any personal information from users browsing its website. Only aggregate data, such as the number of hits per page, are collected. Aggregate data are only used for internal purposes and do not provide any personally identifying information.
From ASDWA’s Members, Affiliates, and Conference Registrants. To gain access to members-only resources and features on ASDWA.org, members and other users are asked to register and provide some limited information. This information is submitted voluntarily. ASDWA asks users to provide their name, organization name, and e-mail. Similar information may be submitted to ASDWA through dues solicitations, conference or webinar registration, and newsletter subscriptions. Additionally, for some e-mails sent in HTML format by ASDWA to its members and subscribers through its electronic newsletters, we will collect specific information regarding what the recipient does with that email. For those emails, ASDWA will monitor whether a recipient subsequently clicks through to links provided in the message. Other information collected through this tracking feature includes the email address of a user, the date and time of the user’s “click,” name of the list from which the message was sent, and destination page. ASDWA only uses this information to enhance its outreach materials and distribution of those materials to its members and affiliates. This information is not sold or distributed in any other manner.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
How Does ASDWA Use Collected Data?
ASDWA uses information voluntarily submitted by members and affiliates in the following ways:
ASDWA Member Services and Resources. Generally, ASDWA uses data collected to improve its own web content; to respond to visitors’ interests, needs, and preferences; and to develop new materials and member services.
Disclosures to Third Parties. ASDWA also makes member contact information available through the ASDWA Membership Directory to other members using its Web site and to those who register for its conferences. Also, ASDWA incorporates information users provide into hard copies of the Membership Directory that it provides to members. On occasion, ASDWA may also provide limited data to third parties that offer products and services. These limited data include names, job titles, companies and business addresses, and email, but do not include direct business phone or fax numbers. Users may request ASDWA refrain from disclosing the data it collects to third parties by contacting ASDWA at info@asdwa.org to express their preferences.
Credit Card Account Information. ASDWA does not retain copies of our members’ and customers’ credit card information.  When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, ASDWA submits the information needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouse.
How Long Does ASDWA Retain Your Data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
How Does ASDWA Use Cookies?
Cookies are files that contain information created by a web server that can be stored on a user’s hard disk for use either during a particular session (“per-session” cookie) or for future use (“persistent” cookie). ASDWA uses cookies only to facilitate automated activity, store and track passwords, and review navigation patterns. Cookies are not used to disseminate significant information about Users over the Internet or to analyze any information that Users have knowingly or unknowingly provided. Users may instruct their Internet browsers to opt out of accepting a “persistent” cookie and rather accept only a “per-session” cookie but will need to login each time they visit the site to enjoy the full benefits. Registration enables the site to better determine members’ interest areas and provide the most relevant information.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to save your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
What Privacy Issues Arise With Links To Other Sites?
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
ASDWA has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of such sites.
What Rights Do You Have Over Your Data?
If you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
If any user suspects ASDWA has handled its personal information in a manner that does not comply with this privacy statement, please contact us via email.
2020 © All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.