https://www.labconco.com/terms-and-conditions/privacy-policy
About Labconco
How We Give Back
Our Green Initiatives
Our Story
Our Values
Our Promise
Our Portfolio
Career Opportunities
Working at Labconco
Apply Online
GSA Purchasing
GSA Contracts
en
About Labconco
Careers
Contact Us
CartItems to Purchase: 0Items for Quote: 0LoginRegister
Products
Resources
Sales & Support
News & Events
Services
Ventilation Products
Fume Hoods & Enclosures
Ductless (Carbon-Filtered) Enclosures
Biological Safety Cabinets & Enclosures
Clean Benches
PCR Enclosures
Balance, Bulk Powder & Equipment Enclosures
Nanotechnology Enclosures
Laboratory Animal Research Stations
Non-ventilated Enclosures
Remote Blowers & Exhausters
Products
Freeze Dryers
Forensic Enclosures
Dry Evaporators, Concentrators & Cold Traps
Glove Boxes & Gas Purifiers
Kjeldahl, Fat & Crude Fiber Apparatus
Glassware Washers
Water Purification Systems
Other Products
Warehouse Sale
Accessories
Base Stands, Cabinets & Work Surfaces
Laboratory Carts, Tables & Benches
Vacuum Pumps
Filters & Pre-Filters
Parts & Accessories
Product Selection Tools
Freeze Dryer Configurator
Fume Hood Configurator
Glassware Washer Selection Tools
Scout Equipment Selector
Product Services
Product Registration
Custom Designs
GSA
Literature
Brochures
User's Manuals
En Español
White Papers
Technical Resources
3-Part Specs
Application Notes
CAD Drawings
Declarations of Conformity
IQ/OQ
Safety Data Sheets
Software & Apps
Technical Manuals
Media
Articles
Infographics
Videos
Sales
US & Canada Sales
International Sales
GSA Contracts
Support
US & Canada Customer Service
International Customer Service
International Support
Product Service
Application Specialists
Distributors
Global
US & Canada
US - Construction/Renovation Projects
Project Support
Project Management
News
Blog
Promotions
Press Releases
Product Announcements
Events
Trade Shows
Webinars
Seminars & Workshops
Services
Architectural Resource Binder
Chemical Assessment Report
Chemical Reference Guide for Ductless Hoods
Filter Replacement Reminder
Water Profile Test Kit
48-Hour XPress
Product Registration
Product Registration Form
Search
menu
LoginRegister Products
Resources
Sales & Support
News
Events
Services
About Labconco
Contact Us
Search
HomeTerms and ConditionsCurrent: Privacy Policy
Company
Standards and Certifications
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Online PurchasesPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseTrademarksWarranty
Privacy Policy
Labconco Corporation ("Labconco") controls and operates www.labconco.com (the "Site") and other affiliated company-owned web sites, from the company's headquarters in Kansas City, Missouri.
At Labconco, we are committed to protecting your privacy. Information we obtain about you is used to improve our web services and content, to process orders, and to communicate with you.
Use of our Site generates a data log that is retained and analyzed. The data log contains non-personally identifiable information including your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your visit, the referring page, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
Aggregate information on web site usage is recorded, and information volunteered by site users including all data submitted is collected and stored. This includes the use of specific services on the Site such as performing keyword searches, registering for events, or requesting additional information. We also collect and retain your email address and any other information you provide, when you communicate with us via email. We collect this information to provide online services, and to enhance our Web content and improve our quality of service.
Cookies are small files that may include a unique identifier, which is sent from our Web server to your web browser and is stored on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies may be required to use certain services on the Site. We use cookies to provide services, to record current session information and identify user trends and patterns. You may choose to view, block or erase cookies within your web browser. However, this may limit your ability to use all services provided on our web sites. Although, some web sites may be able to track your usage after cookie deletion if you come back to the same site or a related site and provide personal information.
The confidential data you submit is encrypted using industry-standard SSL encryption. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access and is never sold, traded or rented for commercial purposes to other organizations except to provide services, information, or products you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or in the following circumstances:
When it is necessary to share information to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected threatening or fraudulent activities, and violations of Terms of Service, or as otherwise required by law.
If Labconco is acquired or merged with another company.
In addition, please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on-line, for example on message boards, through e-mail, or in chat areas, that information can be seen, collected and used by others.
Through the Site and our affiliated sites you may be introduced to a variety of third-party vendors and sites. The privacy policies of these third parties are not under our control. The use of any information that you may provide to any third party will be governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site that you are visiting, which may differ from ours. As well, in some cases these third parties may share the information that they collect about you with Labconco. Because we do not control the privacy policies of our business affiliates or any non-Labconco sites to which we may provide hyperlinks, we recommend you review the privacy policy of the site you are visiting. If you cannot find that site's privacy policy, or if you are uncertain about the entity to whom you are providing your information, you should contact that site directly for more information.
The Site and our other affiliated web sites may include a variety of features, such as bulletin boards and chat rooms, which allow feedback to us and real-time interaction between site users. Labconco does not control the posting of messages, information or files that others may provide through the Site.
It is a condition of your use of the Site that you do not:
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Site.
Use the Site to post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information of any kind, including without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law.
Use the Site to post or transmit any information, software or other material which violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material which is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or which is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or right holder.
Use the Site to post or transmit any information, software or other material which contains a virus or other harmful component.
Use the Site to post, transmit or in any way exploit any information, software or other material for commercial purposes, or which contains advertising.
You understand that Labconco has no obligation to monitor any bulletin boards, chat rooms, or other areas of the Site through which users can supply information or material. However, Labconco reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that in Labconco's sole discretion are objectionable or in violation of the Terms of Use.
Get newsletters on lab safety, design and exclusive offers.
Please use a valid email address to subscribe.
Please check the recaptcha box.
Thank you for subscribing. Use the "Manage Subscriptions" link at the bottom of our emails to select options.
Products
Product Selection Tools
Resources
Sales & Support
Distributors
About
Career Opportunities
News
Events
Services
Contact
Feedback
Sitemap
California Prop 65
Terms of Online PurchasesPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseTrademarksWarranty
Labconco Corporation
8811 Prospect AvenueKansas City, MO 64132-2696(816) 333-8811 phone(816) 363-0130 fax(800) 821-5525 toll-free
© Labconco, 2020 - All rights reserved | Site by Ebeacon | Powered by CMC3