https://www.bioquell.com/terms-of-use/
Pharmaceuticals & Life Sciences
Bioquell and COVID-19
Our Technology for Life Sciences
Why Bioquell Technology?
Systems for Life Sciences
Rapid Bio Decontamination Service
Validation
Bioquell Indicators and Hydrogen Peroxide
Ecolab Life Sciences
Healthcare & EMS
Bioquell and COVID-19
Why Bioquell Technology?
The Bioquell Process
Bioquell Compared to UV
Vaporized vs Aerosolized
Systems for Healthcare
Services for Healthcare
Emergency Medical Services
Bioquell Indicators and Hydrogen Peroxide
Rapid Bio Decontamination Service
Bioquell and COVID-19
For Life Sciences
For Healthcare
Business Continuity
Applications
Remediation Needs
Emergency Response
Disaster Recovery Plan
Commissioning
End of Campaign and Facility Restart
Lab and Research Spaces
Hospital Related Contamination Events
Qube Isolator
Contact
Terms of Use
This page explains the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.bioquell.com (our site), whether as a guest or a registered user. Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the site. By using our site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our site.
Bioquell Inc. Terms and Conditions of Sale can be found here.
Information about us
This website site, www.bioquell.com  is provided by Bioquell UK Ltd.
Bioquell UK Ltd Registration Number 2520270
Bioquell UK Ltd VAT Number GB 361 105 396
Accessing this site
Access to, and use of this site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You may not copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, broadcast, transmit or otherwise use the content of this website in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any content on this website except for your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use requires the prior written permission of Bioquell UK Ltd.
You agree to use the content of this website only for lawful purposes, and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else’s use and enjoyment of the website.
By using our website you consent to the collection and use of information as described in this statement.
Any questions about privacy should be addressed to : info@bioquell.com
Links from our site
This website contains hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than Bioquell UK Ltd. The operation of such websites is entirely outside the Bioquell’s control and you proceed at your own risk. Bioquell does not endorse or sponsor the products, services or content you access through any linked site. These third party website have their own policies and practices with respect to online privacy.
Links to our site
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Liability Disclaimer
Bioquell UK Ltd uses reasonable endeavors to check the accuracy of information published on this website. You should note however that Bioquell does not warrant that such information will be error free and the user acknowledges that the information, products, and services published on this website may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically made to the information herein.
Commentary and other materials posted on this site are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
Acceptable Use Policy
This acceptable use policy sets out the terms between you and us under which you may access our website www.bioquell.com (our site). This acceptable use policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, our site.
You may use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation; in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect; or for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam); and
to knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You also agree:
not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of the provisions of these terms of website use;
not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of our site;
any equipment or network on which our site is stored;
any software used in the provision of our site; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
Variations
If we make changes to this policy we will advertise them initially on the home page and incorporate them in this statement when they come into effect. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
General
If any of these terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
Bioquell websites contain information about products which may or may not be available in any particular country, and if applicable, may have received approval or market clearance by a governmental regulatory body for different indications and restrictions in different countries.  Each country has specific laws, regulations and medical practices governing the communication of medical or other information about medical products on the internet. Nothing herein should be construed as solicitation or promotion for any product or for an indication of any product, which is not authorized by the laws and regulations of the country where the reader resides.
This site may contain information on medical and health-related topics.  This information is not meant to be a substitute for the advice provided by your own physician or other medical professional.  You should not use this information for diagnosing a health problem or disease but should always consult your own physician.
These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England.
702 Electronic Drive, Suite 200, Horsham, PA 19044
solutions@bioquell.com
© Bioquell, An Ecolab Solution 2020 All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Download PDF