http://www.archaeolingua.hu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Hungarian Archaeology
Log In
EnglishMagyar
Academic Publishing in Archaeology, Linguistics and Cultural Heritage
Toggle navigation
About UsPublishingAbout orderingContact Us
Webshop
Privacy Policy
I. About this document
This document is about the privacy policy followed by Archaeolingua Foundation (henceforth: Archaeolingua) in its online webshop (www.archaeolingua.hu). Archaeolingua considers these regulations as mandatorily followed. The policy was written in accordance with Hungarian legislation, especially Act CXII of 2011 and CXIX of 1995. Issues not clarified in this document should be handled and settled in accordance with the Hungarian law.
II. Main concepts
Personal data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable living individual. Different pieces of information, which collected together can lead to the identification of a particular person, also constitute personal data. Personal data include name, home address, e-mail address, ID card number, IP address, location data, among others.
File: all data handled in a database.
Data handling: any operation done with data, regardless of its technical specifications and methods, such as collecting, archiving, storing, changing, using, forwarding, publishing, connecting, or deleting personal data and preventing their further use.
Data controller: Archaeolingua Foundation (address: 1067 Budapest, Teréz krt 13).
Data processing: all technical tasks connected to data handling, regardless of the method or the device with which it is done, or the place where data processing happens. Data destruction: the physical destruction of the device on which the data is stored. Data disclosure: disclosing personal data for a third party. Data publishing: making personal data available to anyone. Data deletion: making data unrecognizable in a way that they cannot be restored. Automatic file: series of data to be processed automatically. Automatic processing: storing data, performing arithmetic or logical operations on data, deleting data, changing data, tracking and dissemination of data, performed partially or fully automatically.
User: a natural person who registers on the Controller’s website (archaeolingua.hu).
Consent: the voluntary and explicit agreement of the user to be subject to data processing, based on appropriate information.
III. Processed personal data
1. Data given by the user voluntarily, such as name, e-mail address, phone number, billing and delivery address.
2. Data collected and automatically registered in the system: automatically generated data on the device of the User through which he/she uses the service; these are logged automatically during technical operations. These data are entered in the log without the User’s explicit consent when he/she enters the site or leaves it. These data cannot be associated with any other personal data of the User. These data can be accessed by the Controller only.
IV. The aim, methods and legal background of data collecting
1. The processing of the data is based on the User’s voluntary and explicit consent, in accordance with Article CXII of 2011, section A of §5 (1) of Hungary.
2. The aim of the data processing is to ensure that the User can use the services of the webshop www.archaeolingua.hu properly.
3. Data that are automatically stored are kept only in order to ensure the proper operation of the website, to prepare statistics, to develop the website, and to protect the User’s rights. Data disclosed by the Users may be used by the Controller to create User groups for targeted advertisements in the webshop.
4. Controller must not use the User’s data for any other purposes. Disclosing personal data to third parties or authorities is only possible with the User’s prior written consent. The only exception are the cases specified by the law. The validity of the data is the User’s responsibility.  Responsibility for logins done with a specific e-mail address and all actions done when a User is logged in with a registered e-mail rests with the User who registered with that e-mail address.
V. Data processing
1. Personal data must be collected and used legally and ethically.
2. Personal data must be stored for legal purposes only and must not be used for any other purposes that specified in the Privacy Policy.
3. The collected data must be proportionate to the purpose for which they are used.
4. Personal data must be stored in a way that the identification of the User is possible for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes they were collected for.
5. Security measures must be implemented in order to protect personal data against data loss, unauthorized access, change or disclosure.
VI. Data protection
1. The personal data collected in order to provide services can be used only with the User’s voluntary and explicit consent, and only for the purposes they were collected for.
2. Archaeolingua will handle and process all personal data in accordance with the Hungarian Civil Code and the present document, and will not disclose these data to third parties.
Exceptions:
a) using the data for statistical purposes, in which case the data must not contain any information that may make individual Users identifiable, such as names;
b) in order to provide the services, some information (name, delivery address, phone number) is sent to courier services who are delivering the products (DPD Hungária Kft., address: 1134 Budapest, Váci út 33; Spring Hungary Kft., address: 1097 Budapest, Ecseri út 14–16). These partners process the data according to their own privacy policy, only for the purpose of fulfilling orders. They cannot disclose these data to any other party.
3. In certain cases, such as official police investigation, legal procedure due to copyright or other type of infringement, the data of the User concerned can be disclosed to third parties.
4. The website may collect information on the Users’ activities, which cannot be connected to individual Users and their personal data.
5. Archaeolingua is obliged to properly inform the Users about the means, purposes and policies of data collection, and to draw the Users’ attention to the voluntary nature of submitting their data. The Users shall be informed about who will process their data, how and why.
6. If Archaeolingua wants to use the Users’ data for any other purpose than specified in this Privacy Policy, the Users must be informed beforehand and his/her explicit, written consent must be requested.
7. Archaeolingua is obliged to handle and process all data in accordance with the legal regulations in force, and must not impose any sanctions on Users who refuse submitting their data.
8. Archaeolingua is obliged to ensure that data are processed in a secure manner, including protection from unauthorized access or change, or deletion.
9. If a piece of personal data is incorrect and the correct information is at Archaeolingua’s disposal, Archaeolingua can change and correct the stored personal data.
10. Instead of deletion, Archaeolingua may block a piece of personal data if it is requested by the User, or if the deletion of the data would probably harm the User’s interests. Blocked pieces of data may only be used for as long as the purpose for which they were collected is served.
11. The User concerned and all those third parties for which the data were forwarded must be informed about the blocking or deletion of their data.
VII. Data retention
1.Personal data are kept until the User unsubscribes from the service, or requests in writing the deletion of these data.
2. After unsubscribing or requesting the deletion of data, personal data associated with the given User must be deleted within 10 days.
3. Automatically generated and stored data are retained as long as they are necessary to ensure the proper operation of the website’s functions. These data are not associated with the Users’ personal data and cannot be used to identify individual Users. If a User unsubscribes from the service or requests the deletion of his/her personal data, the automatically generated data will not be possible to use in identifying them.
VIII. Changing personal data
Any request to change to personal data, if the User cannot change it him/herself in his/her account, as well as the request to delete data, can be submitted in written form, in an e-mail or a letter. Unsubscribing from newsletters is possible on the website.
IX. Data processors
The data is mostly processed by Archaeolingua itself. However, in case of delivery the following partners contribute to data processing:
- DPD Hungária Kft. (Address: 1134 Budapest, Váci út 33.)
- G3 Worldwide Hungary Kft. (Address: 1097 Budapest, Ecseri út 14–16.)
- GDA Hungary Kft. (Address: 1158 Budapest, Késmárk utca 14.)
- Fürgefutár (Address: 1133 Budapest, Árboc u. 6.)
Archaeolingua stores the website and all connected data on its own server.
X. Disclosing data
1. Archaeolingua can and is by law obliged to disclose any, properly stored piece of data to the authorities in cases specified by the law.
2. In case Archaeolingua hands over the complete operation of the www.archaeolingua.hu website to a third party, the stored personal data will be forwarded to the new operator, without asking for explicit consent from the Users. This only serves the purpose of uninterrupted use of the services by registered users, and must not result in a disadvantage or the implementation of a privacy policy less favourable from the User’s point of view than the present Policy.
XI. Changes in the Policy
Archaeolingua can change its Privacy Policy at any time, on its own discretion. If the Privacy Policy changes, all registered users must be informed. If a User continues to use the website, it means that he/she gives his/her consent to the changed Privacy Policy.
XII. Information on your personal data
The Users can request information on their stored personal data, either in a letter sent to Archaeolingua’s address (1067 Budapest Teréz krt. 13. Hungary), or in e-mail (info@archaeolingua.hu). Requests are considered valid only if they are sent from the e-mail address the given User used at registration. Archaeolingua is obliged to answer these requests as quick as possible, but within maximum 30 days.
XIII. Complaints
If you are not happy with the way your information is being handled, or with the response received from us, you have the right to lodge a complaint and exercise your rights in court. For further information, please contact the National Authority for Data Protection and Freedom of Information is (1125 Budapest Szilágyi Erzsébet fasor 22/C; postal address: H-1530 Budapest, Pf. 5).
Download this document as PDF
1067 Budapest, Teréz krt. 13.
info@archaeolingua.hu
Tel./Fax: +36 1 375-8939
About us
The Archaeolingua Foundation and Publisher is involved in publishing series and standalone publications in the disciplines of archaeology, linguistics, historic sciences and heritage protection for over 25 years.
Learn more
Publishing
We publish both as standalone editions and as a volume of a professional series.
Learn more
Using the webshop
Terms and Conditions
Privacy policy
Legal disclaimer
Information on purchasing (CIB Bank)
Cookie policy
Contact us
Archaeolingua Foundation
Address: 1067 Budapest, Teréz krt. 13.
Tel./Fax: +36-1-375-8939
Email: info@archaeolingua.hu