https://www.southernsciencesupply.com/terms-and-conditions/
LOGIN
0 items$0.00
877-968-7522
sales@southernsciencesupply.com
Terms and Conditions
Home Terms and Conditions
The following Terms and Conditions apply to the use of this Web site as well as all transactions conducted through the site.
Legal Notice
All notices from Southern Science Supply to You may be posted on our Web site and will be deemed delivered within thirty (30) days after posting. Notices from You to Southern Science Supply shall be made either by e-mail, sent to the address we provide on our Web site, or first class mail to our address at:
1248 Austin Highway #106-118 San Antonio, TX 78209
Delivery shall be deemed to have been made by You to Southern Science Supply five (5) days after the date sent.
Copyright
All content appearing on this Web site is the property of:
Southern Science Supply
1248 Austin Highway #106-118 San Antonio, TX 78209
Copyright © 2015-2018 Southern Science Supply. All rights reserved. As a user, you are authorized only to view, copy, print, and distribute documents on this Web site so long as (1) the document is used for informational purposes only, and (2) any copy of the document (or portion thereof) includes the following copyright notice: Copyright © 2015-2018 Southern Science Supply. All rights reserved.
Trademarks
All brand, product, service, and process names appearing on this Web site are trademarks of their respective holders. Reference to or use of a product, service, or process does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation, or sponsorship of that product, service, or process by Southern Science Supply. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right of Southern Science Supply or any third party, except as expressly granted herein.
Use Of Site
This site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information, including product pricing and availability, may be changed or updated without notice. Southern Science Supply and its subsidiaries reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if Southern Science Supply believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Southern Science Supply and its subsidiaries.
Privacy Policy
Southern Science Supply’s use of personal information that you may submit to Southern Science Supply through this Web site is governed by the Southern Science Supply Privacy Policy.
Shipping & Delivery
At this time, Southern Science Supply ships merchandise to locations within the United States. The risk of loss and title for all merchandise ordered on this Web site pass to you when the merchandise is delivered to the shipping carrier.
Sales Tax
Southern Science Supply charges sales tax for merchandise ordered on this Web site based on the applicable state sales tax rate and the location to which the order is being shipped.
Warranties
The Content included in this Web site has been compiled from a variety of sources and is subject to change without notice as are any products, programs, offerings, or technical information described in this Web site. Southern Science Supply makes no representation or warranty whatsoever regarding the completeness, quality, or adequacy of the Web site or Content, or the suitability, functionality, or operation of this Web site or its Content. By using this Web site, you assume the risk that the Content on this Web site may be inaccurate, incomplete, offensive, or may not meet your needs and requirements. Southern Science Supply SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THESE WEB PAGES AND CONTENT. IN NO EVENT WILL Southern Science Supply BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
— OR Depending on State —
The information and content on this server is provided “as is” with no warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Any warranty that is provided in connection with any of the products and services described on this Web site is provided by the advertiser or manufacturer only, and not by Southern Science Supply.
The references and descriptions of products or services within the Web site materials are provided “as is” without any warranty of any kind, either express or implied. Southern Science Supply is not liable for any damages, including any consequential damages, of any kind that may result to the user from the use of the materials on this Web site or of any of the products or services described hereon.
The descriptions of, and references to, products, services and companies on this Web site are the sole responsibility of the companies providing the information (“advertisers”), and not Southern Science Supply.
The inclusion of material on this server does not imply any endorsement by Southern Science Supply, which makes no warranty of any kind with respect to the subject matter of the server materials advertised.
A possibility exists that the server materials could include inaccuracies or errors. Additionally, a possibility exists that unauthorized additions, deletions, and alterations could be made by third parties to the server materials. Although Southern Science Supply tries to ensure the integrity and the accurateness of the server materials, it makes no guarantees about their correctness or accuracy. Before relying on any representation made in any of the server materials, check with the advertiser of the product or service to ensure that the information you are relying upon is correct.
Return Policy
Terms of Sale
Products being sold are not toys. They are for laboratory / educational use only. They are not for use by children 12 and under.
Payment in US currency must accompany your order. Check, money order, Visa, MasterCard, Discover or American Express are accepted with no minimum order. Checks returned for NSF are subject to a $30 collection charge.
The prices on our products are effective through December 31, 2018. We do reserve the right to adjust prices as necessary.
UN prefix chemicals can only be shipped via Economy or Ground Service to a street address. No PO boxes are permitted for UN prefix chemicals. There are NO RETURNS on UN chemicals.
Although we strive to have an error free website, occasionally, errors occur. We reserve the right to make corrections when an order is placed.
Southern Science Supply wishes to make your science experience fun and easy. If at any time you are unhappy with a product, please let us know. All products are covered by our 10 day money-back guarantee.
You may purchase merchandise from this Web site by using any one of the payment options listed in (link to Payment Options). Southern Science Supply reserves the right to change its payment procedures at any time without prior notice to you.
Return Policies:
If you want to return a product, please e-mail us your full name, address, phone number, email address, convenient time to call and the product you want to return. We will email you a return authorization number. No returns are accepted after 10 days of delivery.
Returned merchandise will be accepted for refund only if the product is absolutely unused, in its original packaging, in good condition so that it can be re-sold. Shipping the merchandise back to us will be your responsibility and you will be responsible for the shipping charges. When shipping a return, we advise you to use a carrier where you can trace your shipment and the carrier can provide delivery confirmation. Include in the box the original packing slip, your full name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and authorization number.
If you have received defective merchandise, you can return it to us for replacement of the same product. When shipping, use a carrier where you can trace your shipment and the carrier can provide delivery confirmation. Include in the box the original packing slip, your full name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and authorization number. We will inspect the defective product and send you a new piece.
Store Hours
Customer service is available Monday – Saturday 9:00 am – 6:00pm Central Standard Time.
Miscellaneous
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED: Although the information on this Web site is accessible worldwide, not all products or services discussed in this Web site are available to all persons or in all geographic locations or jurisdictions. Southern Science Supply and the advertisers each reserve the right to limit the provision of their products or services to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction they so desire and to limit the quantities of any products or services that they provide. Any offer for any product or service made in the materials on this Web site is void where prohibited.
GOVERNING LAW: In the event of litigation both parties agree that the Law of the State of business registration of Southern Science Supply shall apply and both parties shall consent to the jurisdiction of said State’s courts, or in the event of diversity of citizenship, the United States District Court for the (District). Both parties expressly waive a trial by jury.
MISCELLANEOUS: The Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Southern Science Supply with respect to this Web site. The Terms and Conditions supercede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written between you and Southern Science Supply with respect to this Web site. No modification of the Terms and Conditions shall be effective unless it is authorized by Southern Science Supply. If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is found to be contrary to law, then such provision(s) shall be constructed in a manner to closely reflect, as much as possible, the intentions of the parties, with the other provisions remaining in full force and effect.