http://www.rmtowill.com/terms-of-use
Civil Engineering
Water & Wastewater Engineering
Surveying & Mapping
Planning & Permitting
Construction Management
Senior Management
Staff Statistics
Company History
Clients
Community Involvement
Employment Opportunities
Home / Terms of Use
Terms of Use
This
Website is owned and provided by R. M. Towill Corporation and is provided
for your personal information, and education. Your use of this Website
or any other Websites owned or provided by R.
M. Towill Corporation
and or any of its related companies is subject to the following terms
and conditions. Your use of the Website(s) constitutes your acceptance
of these terms and conditions and your agreement to be bound by them.
If you do not agree to these terms or our Privacy Policy posted on this
site, please do not use this Website or any services offered by this Website.Â
Please
review this Terms of Use page often. We reserve the right to change
these terms and conditions at any time without notice. Please check
back from time to time to ensure you are aware if any updated or changes
to these terms.
United States
Only Unless otherwise specified, the materials in this Website are presented
solely for the purpose of promoting programs available in the United
States, its territories, possessions and protectorates. We make no representation
that materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in other
locations. If you access the site from locations other than the United
States, you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local
laws.
Intellectual
Property
All names, logos, service marks and trademarks appearing in this Website,
including the trademarks, service marks, brand identities, characters,
trade names, graphics, designs, copyrights, trade dress, and all other
intellectual property (“Content”), except as otherwise noted,
are protected intellectual property of, or used with permission or under
license by, R.
M. Towill Corporation.
This includes the entire Content of the Website(s) copyrighted and protected
as a collective work. All rights reserved, that may be included in Content.
The
use or misuse of these trademarks or any other content on this site,
except as provided in these Terms of Use or in the site content, is
strictly prohibited. You may print copies of the information on this
site for your personal use, store the files on your computer for personal
use, or reference this server from your own documents. However, you
may not distribute text or graphics to others without our express written
consent. Also, you may not, without our permission, copy and distribute
this information on any other server, or modify or re-use text or graphics
on this system or another system. We reserve all other rights.
Your
use of the Website(s) is limited to personal and non-commercial use
only unless other uses are granted expressly to you. You may not copy,
distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post or otherwise display the
Website(s) Content for public or commercial purposes without our written
permission for such use of Content.
Jurisdiction
The Content of the Website(s) is presented only for the promotion of
products available in the United States unless otherwise specified.
We make no representation or warranty that the Content of its Website(s)
are applicable or appropriate for use in any jurisdiction outside of
the United States.
Disclaimer
Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Website(s) is provided
to you “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESSED
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. ADDITIONALLY,
WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEBSITE(S) OR THE SERVERS MAKING THE SITE(S)
AVAILABLE ARE VIRUS FREE. We do not warrant that the functions contained
in these materials will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects
will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available
are free of viruses or other harmful components. We do not warrant or
make any representations regarding the use or the result of the use
of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy,
reliability or otherwise. Your use of the Website(s) is at your risk.
R.
M. Towill Corporation
or their related companies will be liable for any damages including
direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, arising
out of your access to or use of the Website(s) and however caused, whether
in contract, negligence or tort. If you become dissatisfied in any way
with this Website or its Terms of Use, your sole and exclusive remedy
is to stop using this Website and its services. (Some states do not
allow the disclaimer of implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation
of certain types of damages, so these provisions may not apply to you.
If any portion of these limitation on liability is found to be invalid
or unenforceable for any reason, then the aggregate liability of R.
M. Towill Corporation
and its affiliates shall not exceed one hundred dollars ($100).
Links
This Website may contain Links allowing you to leave this Website for
other sites that are not under our control. We are not endorsing any
such Linked sites. We are not responsible for the contents or transmission
of any Linked Site or any Link contained in a Linked Site or for ensuring
that the Linked Sites are error and virus free.
R. M. Towill Corporation Online Privacy Policy
We take your privacy and your privacy concerns very seriously. That
is why we have adopted our Privacy Policy explaining our online information
collection practices and the choices you can make about the way information
is collected and used. Please read and understand our Privacy Policy.
Links
to Other Sites
Our Website(s) may contain links to other sites that are owned and operated
by third parties. We are not responsible for the terms of use, privacy
practices, or the content of such sites. We encourage you to carefully
read the policies of each site you visit.
Choice
of Law and Enforcement
Your access to the Website(s) as well as the terms and conditions and
the agreement they create are governed and interpreted by the laws of
the State of Minnesota without regard for conflict of Â laws provisions.
Agreeing
to Terms
If you do not agree to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy posted
on the Website, please do not use this site or any services offered
by this site. We reserve the right to make changes iin these Terms of
Use. Please check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of
any updates or changes in this policy. Your use of our site indicates
acceptance of these terms and conditions.
OUR SERVICES
Civil Engineering
Water & Wastewater Engineering
Surveying & Mapping
Planning & Permitting
Construction Management
OUR PEOPLE
Senior Management
Staff Statistics
OUR FIRM
Company History
Clients
Community Involvement
Employment Opportunities
NEWS
CONTACT
RMTC Offices
Order Historical Photos
Copyright © 2010 R.M. Towill Corporation. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy l Terms of Use
Powered by RevaComm.