http://www.hypothesis.ws/index.php/terms-conditions-privacy-cookies-policy
Terms & Conditions – Privacy & Cookies Policy
Last updated: July 8th, 2020
Please read this document carefully before using the www.hypothesis.ws website (“Service”). This document can be updated at any time and you should check this document periodically. In case of relevant changes to this document, a prominent notice will be placed on the Service. Your continued use of the Service after any modification posted will constitute your acknowledgement of the modification itself and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified policy. These Terms and Conditions ("Terms") apply to all visitors and registered users who access the Service. Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. Therefore by accessing or using the Service you agree to be bond by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
TERMS & CONDITIONS
NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIPTION
Subscription to newsletter will simply allow the Service to send you announcements and other information about the conference. This requires only to imput your First and Last Name and, obviously, your E-mail, and subscribing consent to store those data. Obviously you are responsible for the veracity of the personal data communicated. At any time you can ask to unsubscribe from the Newsletter mailing list by clicking on Unsubscribe at the bottom of the e-mail received. In this way your data will remain stored in the Service database. You can ask to the This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. to be completely removed from the Service database, however this is not recommended since there is a risk that your address will subsequently be entered following, for example, a suggestion form a colleague fo yours.
WEBSITE SUBSCRIPTIONS
You can browse the Service without logging: in such a case you will be able to view only public webpages. If you want to access also other documents (Proceedings, Books of abstracts, Presentations, Posters and Users’ profiles) you need to sign up and log in. When you sign up to this Service, you must supply and consent to store certain personally identifiable information (First and Last Name, Username, E-mail, Password) and you consent to receive e-mail messages connected to the Service. Obviously you are responsible for the veracity of the personal data communicated. You are also required to keep your password secret and not to communicate it to third parties for any reason. For security reasons, your password must not be stored or noted together with the username on the same document, or on documents that are kept together. At any time you can ask to unsubscribe from the Service by sending a message from the e-mail address used for signing up to the This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. with subject Unsubscribe.
CONTENTS
A registered user can view and download documents like papers, presentations and posters uploaded directly by the authors or with their consent. Authors are the unique responsible for the content of the documents published. An author can publish a document only after having received authorisation by all co-authors, if any. By uploading a document the author ensures to have the right to publish it and release the system owner from any liability to third parties. At any time an author can remove her/his documents.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
The Service may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by the Service owner who has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the Service owner shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such websites or services.
PRIVACY POLICY
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
When you sign up to this Service, you must supply and consent to store certain personally identifiable information (First and Last Name, Username, E-mail, Password) that can be used to identify you and allow you to log in as a registered user so that you can download documents like proceedings, books of abstracts, presentations and posters and you can view the profiles of other registered users. When you sign up the Service creates for you a personal profile with the data supplied, except the username and password. You could also share other personal data which will be displayed in your profile: these data are not required and it is upon you to decide to supply them or not. Only registered users are able to view profiles of other registered users. At any time you can update your profile or unsubscribe from the Service.
LOG DATA
Like many website operators, this Service collects information that your browser sends during the visit. This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser version, the pages visited, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, the Service may use third party services such as Google Analytics. Google Analytics is an analysis service supplied by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google uses collected data to trace and analyse the use of the Service, to write reports an to share them with other Google services. At this regard please check Google Privacy Policy.
COMMUNICATIONS
Personal information will be used to customise messages which will inform you in regard to the conference. Please note that, even if not registered, you could receive an uncustomised message from the Service when your e-mail address will be suggested from a colleague or collected from list of participant to a hydrogen-related conferences as well as from papers on journals, etc. Only by unsubscribing from the message received, your e-mail will be stored and classified as unsubscribed, preventing any further message from the Service to the unsibscribed e-mail address. Be aware that you might still receive unwanted messages in case you have more than one e-mail address and you did not unsubscribe from all.The Service mailing list is stored on the provider server which also stores the list of unsubscribed recipients to avoid that they be included again by a mistake. Unfortunately, you might still receive messages about the conference from other websites, but this does not depend on us.
STORAGE AND USE OF RECORDED DATA OF REGISTERED USERS
The security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While the Service strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, an absolute security cannot be guaranteed. All these data, required and optional, will be registered and stored on the provider servers. With the obvious exception of your username and password, which will not be accessed, all your other data will be accessed only by other registered users through your profile page. At any time you will be able to update your profile. You can also unsubscribe from the Service sending a message from the e-mail address used for signing up to the This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. with subject Unsubscribe.
COOKIES POLICY
Like many websites, the Service uses cookies to collect information. By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies unless you explicitly choose to refuse them. If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of the Service.
WHAT ARE COOKIES
Cookies are short strings that are saved on the user’s computer, smartphone or tablet when browsing a website. A cookie file stored in your web browser allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you after the first visit and makes your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.The Service uses temporary cookies, which are deleted at the end of the visit, and permanent cookies, which remain stored on the device up to their expected expiration or until you manually delete them. You can learn more about cookies at this link.
HOW THE SERVICE USES COOKIES
The Service does not use social or advertising cookies, only technical cookies and analytics cookies which do not collect personal data but only aggregate data (e.g.: the kind of device, the operating systems, the browser ...) in order to improve the usability of the Service itself. When you use and access the Service, a number of cookies files may be placed in your web browser. They have also the function to authenticate users and try to prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.
THIRD-PARTY COOKIES
In addition to technical cookies, the Service may also use some third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the Service. In addition, the Service may use third party services such as Google Analytics. Google Analytics is an analysis service supplied by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google uses collected data to trace and analyse the use of the Service, to write reports an to share them with other Google services. At this regard please check Google Privacy Policy.
WHAT ARE YOUR CHOICES REGARDING COOKIES
You could refuse all cookies directly when accessing the Service or could delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies. Please visit the help pages of your web browser or this link. Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features offered by the Service, and some of our pages might not display properly.
DISCLAIMER
The information contained on the Service is for general information purposes only. The owner of the Service assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in the contents of the Service itself. In no event the owner of the Service shall be liable for any special, direct, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages or any damages whatsoever, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tort, arising out of or in connection with the use of the Service or the contents of the Service. The owner of the Service does not warrant that the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components. The owner of the Service reserves the right to make additions, deletions, or modification to the contents on the Service at any time without prior notice.
EXTERNAL LINKS DISCLAIMER
This Service may contain links to external websites that are not owned or provided or maintained by or in any way affiliated with the owner of this Service. Please note that the owner of this Service does not guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of any information on these external websites.
CONTACTS
If you have any questions about the content of this document, please contact the This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Series Sponsors
Series Sponsors
© 2017 HYPOTHESIS Series
Terms, conditions & policy