http://www.orangutan.org.uk/privacy-policy
Home
About Us
Who We Are
Our Work
News & Events
Adopt
Orangutans
How to Help
Ways to give
Join us
Become a guardian
Sponsor an acre
Blog
Shop
Donate
WHO WE AREOrangutan Foundation7 Kent Terrace, London, NW1 4RP, UK.Tel: +44 (0)207 724 2912UK Registered Charity No: 1095660Registered as a company limited by guarantee in England & Wales, No. 4624177The Orangutan Foundation website is intended to serve as a tool to inform users about orangutans and related conservation issues and to provide the means for individuals to take action to help prevent their extinction in the wild.This Privacy Policy details what personal information the Orangutan Foundation collects from its website visitors and how this information is used. By visiting the Orangutan Foundation website you consent to the collection and use of this information in the ways detailed below.DATA PROTECTIONThe Orangutan Foundation is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you. We strictly adhere to the requirements of the data protection legislation in the UK.This Privacy Policy only applies to the Orangutan Foundation website, not to external websites that are linked to from within this website.WHAT VISITOR INFORMATION DOES OUR WEBSITE COLLECT?VISITORS BUYING MERCHANDISEWe do not collect sensitive information about you except when you specifically knowingly provide it. Visitors who purchase goods online are asked to enter basic personal information; name, address, telephone number and email address. They can also enter the name, address and telephone number for other people when, for example, they are sending goods as a gift. The customer can purchase goods online via a credit/debit card if they so wish. The customer's complete credit card number is never stored on our database and payment information is deleted once the order has been processed.In order to process credit/debit card transactions, the bank or card processing agency may require to verify your personal details for authorisation outside the EEA (European Economic Area). Your information will not be transferred outside the EEA for any other purpose.The customer information that is stored on our database will not be made available to third parties for any reason, beyond the essential requirement for credit card validation related to the purchase. The information is used solely for our billing and payment purposes and notification to the customer of future updates to our range of products.VISITORS RECEIVING EMAIL NEWSLETTERSWe offer an email newsletter, with news of our work and of ways people can help and get involved. It is sent only to those users who have opted in to our mailing list. Users may opt out from receiving a newsletter by either clicking on the link provided in the newsletter or by contacting us. Email addresses will not be made available to third parties for any reason.VISITORS ENQUIRING VIA EMAILWe use return email addresses to answer the email queries we receive. Such addresses are not stored, are not used for any other purpose and are not made available to third parties for any reason.ALL VISITORSCookies are used on our site to enable the shopping basket facility which should expire when you finish a session either by closing your browser or, if logged in, after 15 minutes of inactivity. A cookie is an element of data that our Website sends to your browser which is then stored on your system. You can set your browser to prevent this happening.Each web page access is recorded in a log file on our host's server. The contents of the log file are analysed each week and each month to determine how many visitors we serve, what pages they look at most, and from where they connect. This information does not contain any personal data, is not shared with anyone outside our organisation and is used only by us to make our website more effective and relevant.SECURITYWe take every reasonable precaution to ensure privacy and to protect member's information, particularly contact and financial data. Where sensitive information such as financial data is requested (eg credit/debit card details), that information is encrypted and protected with Secure Socket Layer (SSL) communication.HOW CAN I ACCESS THE INFORMATION YOU MAINTAIN ABOUT ME?You can access all the personally identifiable information about you that we hold by sending a request in writing to the address at the top of this page or email  info@orangutan.org.uk with subject heading: FAO Data Controller.If you wish to have your personal information removed from our mailing list or database at any time please CONTACT US.ORANGUTAN FOUNDATIONFAIR PROCESSING POLICY (PRIVACY POLICY)1. SCOPEThis policy applies to all data subjects whose data is processed by Orangutan Foundation.2. RESPONSIBILITIESThe Data Controller is responsible for ensuring that all potential data subjects have sight of this notice prior to the collection and/or processing of their personal data by Orangutan Foundation.All employees of Orangutan Foundation who interact with data subjects are also required to ensure that this notice is brought to the attention of all data subjects, securing their consent for the processing of their personal data.3. FAIR PROCESSING POLICYOrangutan Foundation will use the personal data collected from you for the following purposes:Membership or donation related communications and to provide updates on charitable activities. There will be marketing communication via email or mail on ways to help or get involved including but not restricted to receiving information on adoptions, volunteering, tours to Borneo, charitable merchandise, fundraising events and appeals.You hereby confirm that you are consenting to Orangutan Foundation’s use of your personal data for the aforementioned purposes(s) and are granting Orangutan Foundation permission to carry out those actions and/activities.You may withdraw your consent at any time by reading our Right to Withdraw Consent Procedure 92017-I4. WHAT IS PERSONAL DATA?The EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) defines “personal data” as:“any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person”.The GDPR classifies certain data as belonging to “special categories”, as follows:Racial origin;Ethnic origin;Political opinions;Religious beliefs;Membership to a trade-union;Genetic data;Biometric data;Health data;Data concerning a natural person's sex life;Sexual orientation; andOther.The GDPR requires that consent is provided by the data subject for all types of personal data, including those pertaining to the special categories set out above and otherwise. Consent must be explicitly provided.When Orangutan Foundation requests sensitive data from data subjects, it is required to confirm why the information is required and how it will be used. 5. WHY DOES ORANGUTAN FOUNDATION NEED TO COLLECT AND STORE PERSONAL DATA?Orangutan Foundation is committed to ensuring that all personal information collected and processed is appropriate for the stated purpose(s) and shall not constitute an invasion of your privacy. We may share your personal data with third party service providers who are contracted by us and we shall ensure that they will hold your personal data securely and shall use it only in order to fulfill the service for which they are contracted. When there is no longer a service need, or the contract comes to an end, the third party will dispose of all personal data according to our procedures. We will never share your personal data with third parties until we have received your consent, unless we are required do so by law.6. HOW ORANGUTAN FOUNDATION USES YOUR INFORMATIONOrangutan Foundation will process your data (i.e. collect, store and use) according to the requirements of the GDPR at all times and shall endeavor to keep your personal data up-to-date, ensuring its accuracy and will not keep it for longer than it is required. In some situations, there are set legal requirements for the length of time that Orangutan Foundation will retain your personal data but usually Orangutan Foundation will use its discretion, ensuring that personal data is not kept outside of our usual business requirements.We shall never be intrusive or invasive of your personal privacy and shall not ask you to provide data that is irrelevant or unnecessary and we will enact strict measures and processes to ensure that the risk of unauthorised access or disclosure of your personal data is minimised as much as possible.We will only use your personal data for the following purposes:To inform about membership or donation related communications and to provide updates on charitable activities. There will be marketing communication via email or mail on ways to help or get involved including but not restricted to receiving information on adoptions, volunteering, tours to Borneo, charitable merchandise, fundraising events and appeals.7. DOCUMENT OWNERThis document was approved by Orangutan Foundation’s Director. Date: 14th May 2018
Orangutan Foundation, 7 Kent Terrace, London, NW1 4RP		 +44 (0)20 7724 2912		info@orangutan.org.uk
Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Contact Us - Thank You to our Supporters
Registered Charity No. 1095660. Registered as a company limited by guarantee in England & Wales, No. 4624177©2020 Orangutan Foundation. All rights reserved.
Donate
Join
Adopt