https://www.htl.pl/cookies-policy-2/
About us
Oem
Careers
Contact
EN
PL
DE
FR
ES
Products
Variable volume pipette series
Starter packs
Fixed volume pipette
Pipette controller
Repetitive dispenser
Compact laboratory centrifuge
Consumables
Accessories
Service & Support
Calibration according to the standard PN-EN ISO/IEC 17025
HTL Service
FAQ
Pipette Maintenance & Recalibration
Calibration Calculator
Video
Product Updates & Withdrawals
Recycling
Download
HTL Liquid Handling Catalogue
Product Brochures
Instruction Manuals
Claim Form
CE Declarations
ISO Certificates
Product Images
News
home
Cookies policy
Cookies policy
HTL Cookie Policy
On this page, HTL explains the type of cookies used on the www.htl.com.pl domain, including a list of cookies that may be set from this website. Your browser software allows you to modify the types of cookies allowed on our website by using the “Change Cookie Settings” or similar button and accepting the Cookie Policy, with the exception of mandatory cookies which are required to maintain basic site functionality. For more basics on what cookies are and how cookies function, please refer to the “Cookies and Similar Technologies” section below.
Essential Cookies
Essential Cookies are cookies that are necessary for the web site to function.
These cookies:
• cannot be turned off; and
• remember information, such as your region, in order to show appropriate regional content
Preference and Analytics Cookies
Preference and Analytics Cookies are cookies that work to give you an improved site experience.
For example, these cookies:
• remember your preferences about search to improve search experience; and
• capture information about site usage to help us improve
Social and Marketing Cookies
Social and Marketing Cookies help HTL enable improved social media features and marketing messages.
For example, these cookies:
• let you share information from the site on social media; and
• help HTL direct specific marketing content and campaigns to you that may be of interest to you based upon your use of HTL’s site or HTL’s products and services
Cookies and Similar Technologies
When you visit our website or use our mobile applications, we collect certain information by automated means, using technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, browser analysis tools, server logs and web beacons.
For example, when you visit our website, we place cookies on your computer. Cookies are small text files that websites and social media sites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. Cookies allow you to be recognized when you return. They also help provide a customized experience and help enable the detection of certain kinds of fraud.
HTL may use Adobe Flash Cookies (also known as Local Stored Objects), Microsoft Silverlight and similar technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience. The Adobe Flash Player is an application that allows rapid development of dynamic content, such as video clips and animation. Flash cookies (and similar applications) use technology to remember settings, preferences and usage similar to browser cookies, but these are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your web browser. To manage Flash and Silverlight cookies, please see Adobe’s and Microsoft’s websites for more information.
Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on website pages, emails, and social posts that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages, open or click an email, or share a post on social media, the pixel tags and web beacons generate a notice of that action. These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve our web pages and promotions.
Information that HTL Collects
We collect many different types of information from cookies and other technologies. For example, we may collect information about the device you use to access our website, your operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located, as well as the personal information described in our Internet Privacy Notice. Our server logs also may record the IP address or derivative of the device you used to connect to the Internet. An IP address is a unique identifier that devices used to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. We may also collect information about the website you were visiting before you came to HTL and the website you visit after you leave our site.
In many cases, the information we collect using cookies and other tools is only used in a non-identifiable way, without reference to any personal information. For example, we use information we collect about website users to optimize our websites and to understand website traffic patterns.
In some cases, we do associate the information we collect using cookies and other technology with your personal information. Additionally, if the settings on your geo-aware mobile devices permit our mobile applications to collect location information, we will collect that information automatically.
HTL uses leading, commercially-available systems to operate and manage our website. HTL has strict vendor selection and performance criteria to ensure compliance of these systems with our Internet Privacy Notice and Cookie Policy.
Internet Privacy Notice
Please see our Internet Privacy Notice to understand how we protect and use the personal information that we may collect from you from your use of this website.
Last revised: 30, May 2017
×