https://www.cellsalive.com/privacy.htm
Toggle navigation
MENU
Contents
Cell Biology
Microbiology
Immunology
Microscopy
GeneTiCs Alive!
SITE MAP
Explore
Cell Cams
Puzzles
Cell Models
Mitosis & More
HowBig?
Image Gallery
SITE MAP
Study
Worksheets
Puzzles
Quizzes
PowerPoints
Glossary
SITE MAP
Video
Watch
Download
Stock Video
SITE MAP
Statement of Privacy CELLS마live!말s committed to protecting consumer privacy online. We want your confidence and will do nothing that dampens your enthusiasm for online activities. Our site includes links to other Web sites, including those directed at children. Although we make an effort to visit and preview every site to which we link, we have no control over the practices of those sites. When purchasing products through CELLS마live!망e ask that you voluntarily supply personal information, including your email address, mail address, telephone number, credit card number using encrypted data transfer. We use that information to provide a safe, secure method for payment and shipment and to maintain our own record of where the product is being used. We do not share this information with any third party and do not maintain mailing lists or send any unsolicited materials unrelated to specific purchases. Our shopping cart and other scripts may also place "cookies" on your machine to facilitate interaction. Each visit to CELLS마live!말s logged and includes information like the visitor's IP address, the referring website, and the visitor's operating system. This provides us statistical data to determine how accessible the site is for the majority of users. To provide the site free of charge, we receive financial support from third-party advertising companies which serve ads when you visit. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. That information does NOT include personal identifying information such as your name, address, email address, or telephone number. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies,맊lick here.