https://www.genetargeting.com/terms/
Terms and Conditions
The Website Owner, inGenious Targeting Laboratory, Inc., (‘iTL’) including subsidiaries and affiliates provides the information contained on this website or any of the pages comprising the website to visitors subject to the terms and conditions set out in these website terms and conditions, the privacy policy and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices which may be applicable to a specific section or module of this website.
Whilst every effort is made to update the information contained on this website, neither iTL, nor any third party or data or content provider make any representations or warranties, whether express, implied in law or residual, as to the sequence, accuracy, completeness or reliability of information, opinions, any share price information, research information, data and/or content contained on the website (including but not limited to any information which may be provided by any third party or data or content providers) (“information”) and shall not be bound in any manner by any information contained on the website. The Website Owner reserves the right at any time to change or discontinue without notice, any aspect or feature of this website. No information shall be construed as advice and information is offered for information purposes only.
The trademarks, names, logos and service marks displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trademarks of iTL. Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trademark without the prior written permission of iTL.
External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of the iTL and no representation is made as to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content thereon provided is at your own risk. No hypertext links shall be created from any website controlled by you or otherwise to this website without the express prior written permission of the Website Owner.
iTL makes no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding the website, the information contained on the website, your or your company’s personal information or material and information transmitted over our system.
The Website Owner shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your company), as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information contained on the website, you or your company’s personal information or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular, neither iTL nor any third party or data or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any share price information or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon or occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.
These website terms and conditions constitute the sole record of the agreement between you and iTL in relation to your use of the website. Neither you nor iTL shall be bound by any express, tacit or implied representation, warranty, promise or the like not recorded herein. Unless otherwise specifically stated these website terms and conditions supersede and replace all prior commitments, undertakings or representations, whether written or oral, between you and iTL in respect of your use of the website.
iTL may at any time modify any relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices. You acknowledge that by visiting the website from time to time, you shall become bound to the current version of the relevant terms and conditions (the “current version”) and, unless stated in the current version, all previous versions shall be superseded by the current version. You shall be responsible for reviewing the then current version each time you visit the website.
Where any conflict or contradiction appears between the provisions of these website terms and conditions and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices, the other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a particular section or module of the website shall prevail in respect of your use of the relevant section or module of the website.
The Website Owner shall be entitled to cede, assign and delegate all or any of its rights and obligations in terms of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices to any third party.
All provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices are, notwithstanding the manner in which they have been grouped together or linked grammatically, severable from each other. Any provision of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices, which is or becomes unenforceable in any jurisdiction, whether due to voidness, invalidity, illegality, unlawfulness or for any reason whatever, shall, in such jurisdiction only and only to the extent that it is so unenforceable, be treated as pro non scripto and the remaining provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices shall remain in full force and effect.
Any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America without giving effect to any principles of conflict of law. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the High Court of the United States of America in respect of any disputes arising in connection with the website, or any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or any matter related to or in connection therewith.
Comments or Questions
If you have any questions, comments or concerns arising from the website, the privacy policy or any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or the way in which we are handling your personal information please contact us here.