http://www.gerardkeegan.co.uk/privacy-policy
myWebBlog
Learning psychology has never been so easy
General Information
Resources
Stay Updated: Posts | Comments
Home
About
Articles-Listing
Glossary
Paradigm
Psychology
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to
us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our
online information practices and the choices you can make about the way
your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to
find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where
personally identifiable information may be requested.
Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google,
as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on
this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve
adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as
well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and
content network privacy policy at the following url http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to
Google’s own privacy policies.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to
track users activities on this website to measure advertisement
effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own
privacy policies, gerardkeegan.co.uk has no access
or control over these cookies that may be used by third party
advertisers.
Collection of Personal Information
When
visiting gerardkeegan.co.uk, the IP address used to
access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access.
This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site,
track users movement and gather broad demographic information for
internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked
to personally identifiable information.
Links to third party Websites
We have included
links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible
for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the
privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
The contents of
this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of gerardkeegan.co.uk then you may contact us at hotneedleofenquiry@gmail.com
Copyright © 2009 - Gerard Keegan
Powered by WordPress Themes
Search
General Information
Gerard's Book
Psychology and Me
The Student Psychologist
Learning Center
Teacher & Student Resources
Approaches & Perspectives
Research Methods & The Correlation
Psychological Processes
Fun Teaching & Learning Stuff
Meta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org