https://www.oki.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicySuzanne Parkey2020-07-22T19:43:10-04:00
OKI Website Privacy Policy
Last Revised: 7.22.20
OKI (collectively with its subsidiaries, “OKI,” “the Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our,”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your privacy through our compliance with this Website Privacy Policy (the “Policy”). This Policy should be read in conjunction with our Website Terms of Use, into which this Policy is incorporated by reference.
This Policy describes:
The types of information we collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our websites and blogs that are directly owned by the Company (collectively, our “Websites”), available at:
https://www.oki.org/
http://booneky.oki.org/
http://doyourshare.oki.org/
https://energy.oki.org/
https://freight.oki.org/
http://howdowegrow.org/
http://rcc.oki.org/
http://rpf.oki.org/
http://solar.oki.org/
https://tip.oki.org/
https://2050.oki.org
http://performance.oki.org/
Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
Please read this Policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, then please do not use our Websites. By using our Websites, you agree to the terms of this Policy. This Policy may change from time to time (see below, “Changes to this Policy”). Your continued use of our Websites after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check this Policy periodically for updates.
What We Collect and How We Collect It
To ensure that we provide you with the best possible experience, we will store, use, and share information about you in accordance with this Policy.
Information You Provide to Us
Personal Information is any information that can be used to individually identify you from a larger group, such as data including, but not limited to, your:
first and last name;
email address;
telephone number;
mailing address; and
comments or messages provided in free text boxes.
You may also provide us Personal Information of others, including, but not limited to their:
first and last name;
phone number;
email address;
job title;
name of employer; and
employer mailing address.
You may provide us Personal Information when you:
request information;
subscribe to our emails;
submit an employment application;
register yourself with the Websites; and
fill out and submit forms, such as a public service nomination form or a public input form.
The information that you provide in each case will vary. In some cases, you may be able to provide Personal Information via email or free text boxes, such as contacting the Company to request further information. When providing your Personal Information, or others’ Personal Information, please provide only relevant information and do not provide unnecessary sensitive information, such as Social Security Numbers, credit card information or other sensitive personal data. Additionally, we may ask you to create a username and password that should only be known to you.
Automated Information Collection
In addition to the information that you provide to us, we may also collect information about you during your visit to our Websites. We collect this information using automated tools that are detailed below. These tools may collect information about your behavior and your computer system, such as your internet address (IP Address), the pages you have viewed, and the actions you have taken while using the Websites. Some of the tools we use to automatically collect information about you may include:
(a) Cookies. A “cookie” is a small data file transmitted from a website to your device’s hard drive.  Cookies are usually defined in one of two ways, and we may use either (or both) of them:
(1) session cookies, which do not stay on your device after you close your browser, and
(2) persistent cookies, which remain on your device until you delete them or they expire.
We use the following categories of cookies on our Websites.
i. Strictly Necessary Cookies. These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Websites and use their features. Without these cookies, some of the services you have requested cannot be provided.
ii. Performance Cookies. These cookies collect anonymous information on how you use our Websites to help us understand how you arrive at our Websites, browse or use our Websites and highlight areas where we can improve, such as navigation. The data stored by these cookies never shows personal details from which your individual identity can be established.
iii. Functionality Cookies. These cookies remember choices you make such as the country from which you visit our Websites, your preferred language, and your search parameters. This information can then be used to provide you with an experience more appropriate to your selections and to make your visits to our Websites more tailored to your preferences. The information in these cookies may be anonymized. These cookies cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Of course, if you do not wish to have cookies on your devices, you may turn them off at any time by modifying your internet browser’s settings.  However, by disabling cookies on your device, you may be prohibited from full use of the Websites’ features or lose access to some functionality.
Google Analytics. The Websites send aggregated, non-Personal Information to Google Analytics for the purpose of providing us with the ability to conduct technical and statistical analysis on the Websites’ performance.  For more information on how Google Analytics supports the Websites and uses information sent from the Websites, please review Google’s privacy policy available at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
Web Beacons. A Web Beacon is an electronic image.  Web Beacons can track certain things from your computer and can report activity back to a web server allowing us to understand some of your behavior.  If you choose to receive emails from us, we may use Web Beacons to track your reaction to our emails.  We may also use them to track if you click on the links and at what time and date you do so.  This information is only collected in aggregate form and will not be linked to your Personal Information.  Please note that any image file on a webpage can act as a Web Beacon.
Embedded Web Links. Links provided in our emails and, in some cases, on third-party websites may include tracking technology embedded in the link.  The tracking is accomplished through a redirection system.  The redirection system allows us to understand how the link is being used by email recipients.  Some of these links will enable us to identify that you have personally clicked on the link and this may be attached to the Personal Information that we hold about you.  This data is used to improve our service to you and to help us understand the performance of our marketing campaigns.
Third-party Websites and Services. We work with a number of service providers of marketing communications technology.  These service providers may use various data collection methods to improve the performance of the marketing campaigns we are contracting them to provide.  The information collected can be gathered on our Websites.
Your Choices and Selecting Your Privacy Preferences
We want to provide you with relevant information that you have requested.
If we provide subscription-based services, such as email newsletters, we will allow you to make choices about what information you provide at the point of information collection or at any time after you have received a communication from us while you are subscribed. Transactional or service-oriented messages are usually excluded from such preferences, as such messages are required to respond to your requests or to provide goods and services, and are not intended for the purposes of marketing or keeping you up to date on our services.
We will not intentionally send you email newsletters and marketing emails unless you consent to receive such marketing information. After you request to receive these emails, you may opt out of them at any time by selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each email. Please note that by opting out or unsubscribing you may affect other services you have requested we provide to you, in which email communication is a requirement of the service provided.
Any such communications you receive from us will be administered in accordance with your preferences and this Policy.
Accuracy and Access to Your Personal Information
We strive to maintain and process your information accurately. We have processes in place to maintain all of our information in accordance with relevant data governance frameworks and legal requirements. We employ technologies designed to help us maintain information accuracy on input and processing.
Where we can provide you access to your Personal Information in our possession, we will always ask you for a username and password to help protect your privacy and security. We recommend that you keep your password safe, that you change it periodically, and that you do not disclose it to any other person or allow any other person to use it.
Information of Minors
We do not intentionally seek to gather information from individuals under the age of thirteen (13). Absent a few limited exceptions, it is illegal under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) for websites to knowingly obtain personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 without parental consent. As such, children under the age of 13 are prohibited from submitting personally identifiable information to the Websites without parental consent. We encourage parents and guardians to provide adequate protection measures to prevent minors from providing information unwillingly on the internet.
How We Use Your Information
The information we gather and that you provide is collected to provide you information and the services you request, in addition to various other purposes, including, but not limited to:
Assisting you with items such as personalized experiences, facilitation of product usage, and enforcement of Terms of Use.
Preventing malicious activity and providing you with a secure experience.
Providing service and support for services you request.
Providing marketing communications that are effective and optimized for you.
Keeping you up-to-date with the latest benefits available from us.
Preventing unwanted messages or content.
Measuring the performance of our marketing programs.
Contacting you about services and offers that are relevant to you.
How We Share Your Information
We do not sell or lease your information to any third party. We may disclose your Personal Information to our trusted third-party business partners, such as Constant Contact to help us facilitate email newsletters and other forms of communication with you, in accordance with this Policy. We work with a number of partners that help us process your requests, deliver customer service and support, send email marketing communications, and provide experiences that you have come to expect from us. We will share your Personal Information with these third parties in order to fulfill the service that they provide to us. These third-party partners are under contract to keep your Personal Information secure and not to use it for any reason other than to fulfill the service we have requested from them.
Except as described in this Policy, we will not share your information with third parties without your notice and consent, unless it is under one of the following circumstances:
Responding to duly authorized information requests from law enforcement or other governmental authorities.
Complying with any law, regulations, subpoena, or court order.
Investigating and helping prevent security threats, fraud, or other malicious activity.
Enforcing or protecting the rights and properties of Company or its subsidiaries.
Protecting the rights or personal safety of Company’s employees.
There are circumstances where Company may decide to buy, sell, or reorganize its business in selected countries. Under these circumstances, it may be necessary to share or receive Personal Information with prospective or actual partners or affiliates. In such circumstances, Company will ensure your information is used in accordance with this Policy.
Third-party Websites
This Policy does not apply to websites, applications or other domains that are maintained or operated by third parties or our affiliates. Our Websites may link to third-party websites, applications and services, such as our environmental Conservation Partners’ websites, but these links are not endorsements of these sites, and this Policy does not extend to them. Because this Policy is not enforced on the third-party websites, we encourage you to read any posted privacy policy of the third-party website before using the service or site and providing any information.
For Visitors Outside of the United States
Our Websites are designed for use by individuals in the United States only. We do not warrant or represent that this Policy or the Websites’ use of your Personal Information complies with the laws of any other jurisdiction. Furthermore, to provide you with our services, we may store, process, and transmit information in the United States and other locations around the world, including countries that may not have the same privacy and security laws as yours. Regardless of the country in which such information is stored, we will process your Personal Information in accordance with this Policy.
Changes to this Policy
If we make any changes to this Policy, a revised Policy will be posted on this webpage and the date of the change will be reported in the “Last Revised” block above. You can get to this page from any of our webpages by clicking on the “Privacy Policy” link (usually at the bottom of the screen).
Safeguarding the Information We Collect
We use reasonable technical, administrative, and physical safeguards in order to protect your Personal Information against accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. However, we can never promise 100% security. You have a responsibility, as well, to safeguard your information through the proper use and security of any online credentials used to access your Personal Information, such as a username and password. If you believe your credentials have been compromised, please change your password. Please also notify us of any suspected unauthorized use.
How to Contact Us
We value your opinions and welcome your feedback. To contact us about this Policy or your Personal Information, please contact us at: info@oki.org.
27497776.1
Translate »
X
Go to Top