https://www.seismosoc.org/inside/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Donate
Members Login
Search
About SSA
Highlight Menu
SSA Public Policy Statements
Become a Member
Seismologists At Work
Seismological Society of America > About SSA > Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal and non-personal information we collect on the SSA
website and through the Editorial Manager, a third-party vendor that we contract with to provide
services to SSA, how we use such information and to whom and under what circumstances we may
disclose it. By using this website or Editorial Manager, which is maintained by ARIES, you agree to the
terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use any of these
sites.
SSA gathers information at headquarters, at various events, and in external offices, primarily those of
editors, about members, authors, and all others who participate in any way in the Society’s activities.
Every Society officer, volunteer, staff worker, and member who has access to these data is charged with
respecting the privacy of those who provided it and is to act in accord with this Privacy Policy.
Why personal data are collected
To provide you with SSA services, we must process information about you. Addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, other contact information and information related to scientific interests are collected from SSA constituents in the course of providing SSA services such as memberships, orders, meeting registration, abstract submission, submission of articles, and in various other interactions with SSA or our affiliates or third-party vendors. Such information is required to complete the individual order or deliver the service.
Other demographic information, such as age, student status, and employment data, is collected when individuals apply for membership or are suggested for various positions in the Society. Except as described below, these data and any other information of a personal nature, such as age, are collected on a purely voluntary basis; furthermore, they are not shared or used in such a way that an individual is identified. Principal uses of these data are for internal assessments of SSA programs and the membership. Additionally, these data, in a consolidated form, may be used in publicly distributed statistical descriptions and studies of the SSA constituency.
SSA members may add, correct, or update their personal information through a form on the SSA website or by contacting Member Services by phone at : +1-510-525-5474 or by e-mail at membership@seismosoc.org. We store data until it is no longer necessary to provide our services, or until you request to have your membership profile deleted – whichever comes first. This is a case-by-case determination that depends on a number of factors.
What personal data are made available
SSA’s online Membership Roster contains basic contact information and membership data. It is provided to facilitate personal communication between members only. The roster is available only to members and requires a personal log-in. Members share the responsibility for the security of their data with others and help ensure it by keeping their access codes confidential. The downloading of large numbers of records is forbidden.
Postal membership mailing lists may be exchanged with or sold to other scientific societies or publishers for one-time use. Such exchanges are made only if the material to be sent is deemed beneficial to the SSA members to be contacted and advances the scientific missions of both societies. Such exchanges are reviewed by SSA management and/or Society officers, depending on the nature of the message and the distributions they are to be given. Lists for approved mailings may be selected by scientific specialty, geographic location, and/or student status. SSA will occasionally mail or e-mail a notice on behalf of another organization to selected groups of SSA members. Such mailings are subject to the same review process. Electronic mail addresses are not sold.
Personal data may occasionally be transferred to third parties who act for us for further processing in accordance with the purposes for which the data was originally collected.
Other demographic data are needed from time to time to help understand such matters as membership
trends, and age differences with respect to reaction to programs. These data are retained to provide a
statistical overview of the Society so that the leadership can better understand how the population is
changing and consider how to meet changing needs. Constituents who elect to provide such data may
be assured that it will never be made available publicly in any form that identifies individuals.
Opt-in v. Opt-out
Every individual who provides information to SSA through this website is asked to review and agree to
this Privacy Policy. Any individual may decline to provide information requested by SSA, and that may
make it impossible for SSA to provide the services for which such information is needed for security
and/or identification purposes. By joining, all members agree to provide basic personal information and
demographic data to SSA.
When SSA sends emails, such as the 3-Minute newsletter, Seismogram or mass e-mail letters, all users
have the option to “unsubscribe” from future mailings.
A member may request not to be included on any list to be used by an organization other than SSA by sending an e-mail to membership@seismosoc.org asking to be excluded from mailing lists exchanged with other societies. It is the intent of SSA policies to ensure that members are kept informed but do not feel burdened by what they receive as a “benefit” of membership. The officers of the Society and staff welcome comments from members as to the effectiveness of e-mail and mail as a communication tool on any specific case.
Keeping data about individuals secure
We have taken certain physical, electronic, contractual, and managerial steps to safeguard and secure
the information we collect from visitors to the websites listed in first paragraph of this Privacy Policy. Sensitive demographic, payment, and activity information is stored in a separate, secure database that is
not accessible via the Membership Directory.
Credit card information provided to SSA via its website is transmitted via a secure server with
commercial encryption software. Those not able to use a secure server may opt to make payments
another way, via phone, fax, or postal mail.
Cookies
A “cookie” is a file a website stores in a user’s computer for future reference. SSA uses cookies
occasionally to improve some of its services. Individuals may set their browsers to reject cookies;
however, there may be SSA services that will not function unless the user accepts the SSA cookie.
Information supplied through an SSA cookie is used only by SSA and not shared with others.
Links to other sites
SSA links to other websites that are not controlled by SSA. A link from the SSA website is not an SSA
endorsement for any company, organization, or individual. SSA is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of those sites.
Governing Law
This Privacy Policy and the privacy practices of SSA will be subject exclusively to the laws of the State of
California within the United States of America. You agree to submit any dispute arising out of your use
of this website to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in the State of California. SSA makes no
representation that this Privacy Policy and such practices comply with the laws of any other state or
country. If you reside outside of the United States, by using the SSA website, you consent to the
transfer and use of your information outside your country. This data transfer is necessary to provide the
membership services to you.
Questions regarding the Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or the use of the SSA website in general, please
contact us by e-mail by writing Sydni Schieber at info@seismosoc.org.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
If and when our data practices change, we will (as soon as practicable) post the changes on our website
to notify you of the changes. We encourage you to check this page frequently.
Adopted by the SSA Board of Directors, 14 May 2018.
About SSAAbout SSA Home
SSA Board of Directors, Committees
Professional Ethics Policy
Code of Conduct
Ethics Committee and Process for Investigations
DEI Task Force
Strategic Plan
Bylaws
SSA At Work
History
100 Years of SSA
Perry Byerly’s General History of the Society
Ben Howell’s History of SSA
Moments in SSA History
Corporate Members
Eastern Section-SSA
News
SSA Staff Directory
Donate to SSA
Privacy Policy
Member Benefits
Discover what comes with an SSA membership!
Join SSA