http://www.hfsp.org/funding/hfspo-policies/hfspo-privacy-policy/cookies
Skip to main content
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Youtube
Human Frontier Science Program
Funding
Funding
HFSP supports novel, innovative and interdisciplinary basic research focused on the complex mechanisms of living organisms. A clear emphasis is placed on novel collaborations that bring biologists together to focus on problems at the frontier of the life sciences.
Eligibility Quiz
HFSP Funding
Research Grants
Postdoctoral Fellowships
Eligible countries
HFSPO Policies
Scientific Misconduct Policy
Good Scientific Pratice
San Francisco Declaration on Research Assessment (DORA)
Use of preprint servers
Privacy Policy
HFSP Open Access Statement
Useful Information
Art of Grantsmanship
Career Planning Presentation
Technical help
Other funding organizations
Awardees
Awardees
In this section you find information about the awardees in the HFSP scientific programs. This includes a searchable database of HFSP awardees, information on the HFSP Nakasone Award and other achievements by HFSP awardees.
Awards
New Awards
HFSP Alumni portal
HFSP Nakasone Award
Nobel Prizes
News & Events
Impact
About
About
The Human Frontier Science Program is a program of funding for frontier research in the life sciences. It is implemented by the International Human Frontier Science Program Organization (HFSPO) with its office in Strasbourg. Here you can find all you need to know about the HFSPO.
Strategy
Strategic plan
Reviews
Annual reports
Governance
Statutes
Board
Council
Members Map
Membership
Secretariat
History
Setup Cookies
HFSPO Privacy Policy (cookie section)
Like many other sites, HFSPO's internet pages use cookies. These are text files that are stored on your computer when you use an Internet browser.
Cookies contain a unique identifier, the cookie ID, which consists of a character string, permitting Internet pages and servers to recognize your particular browser through its unique ID number.
HFSPO mainly uses cookies to provide visitors to our website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting. For example, users may not have to enter their login details each time the website is accessed, because they can be recognized by the information in the cookie.
However, HFSPO also uses Google Analytics cookies to analyze its traffic. This cookie is managed by Google Inc., a company which is part of the Privacy Shield agreement between the European Union and the United States of America. By using this cookie, Google Inc. collects your IP address as well as technical data on the way you use our website. For more information on Google Analytics, please refer to Google privacy policy at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.
Users, whether they are applicants to HFSP funding programs or visitors to the HFSP website, may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies for our website through a setting on the Internet browser used. They may thus permanently deny the placing of cookies. Furthermore, cookies already set may be deleted at any time via the browser's user menu settings or other software. However, if a user or visitor deactivates cookie settings, not all functions of the HFSP website may function properly.
cancel
Toolbox
Search
Apply
Awards
Contact
Newsletter
Cookies