http://www.caris.com/en/company/terms-of-use/
Toggle navigation
Home
Products
Chart Production
BASE Editor
High performance CMOS and CCD cameras.
HPD
S-57 Composer
Paper Chart Composer
LOTS Limits and Boundaries
Spatial Data Analysis
BASE Editor
Engineering Analysis Module (EAM)
Hydrographic Survey
CARIS Onboard
HIPS and SIPS
Bathy DataBASE
Platforms
CARIS Mira AI
Free Data Viewer
Easy View
Support
Product Support & Downloads
CARIS Python API
Academic Partnering Program
Training
News
Newsroom
Media Kit
Events & Tradeshows
Recorded Webinars
Subscribe to Mailing List
Calendar Images
Company
Company Profile
Corporate Background
Careers
Quality & Certifications
Terms and Conditions
Trademarks
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Teledyne Technologies
Contact
Contact Sales
Office Locations
Find a Distributor
Credit Application
Terms and Conditions
Home
Company
Terms of Use
Toggle navigation
Terms of Use
Website Terms of Use
This Website (hereinafter “website” or “site”) is operated by Teledyne CARIS, a business unit of Teledyne Digital Imaging, Inc. (hereinafter “Teledyne CARIS”). Throughout this site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Teledyne CARIS. Teledyne CARIS offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site, to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of these Terms of Use. By visiting our site and/or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (hereinafter “Terms of Use”), including any additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Use apply to all users of this site, including, without limitation, users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/or contributors of content. Please read these Terms of Use carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of this website, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to all provisions of these Terms of Use, then you may not access this website or use the Service. If these Terms of Use are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Use. Any new features or tools which are added to the current online store shall also be subject to these Terms of Use. You can review the most current version of these Terms of Use at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Use by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 1 - ONLINE WEBSITE TERMS: By agreeing to these Terms of Use, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, copyright laws). You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature. A breach or violation of any of these Terms of Use will result in an immediate termination of the Service.
SECTION 2 - GENERAL CONDITIONS: We reserve the right to refuse Service to anyone for any reason at any time. You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks. You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the Service is provided, without express written permission by us. The headings used in these Terms of Use are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms of Use.
SECTION 3 - ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION: We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk. This site may contain historical information which, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
SECTION 4 - MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES: Prices for our products are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time. We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
SECTION 5 - PRODUCTS OR SERVICES: Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through this website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Material Authorization (“RMA”) Procedure. We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear in the online store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate. We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or pricing are subject to change at any time without notice, at our sole discretion. We reserve the right to discontinue any product or service at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited. We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected. All purchases of products or services are subject to Teledyne CARIS’ Terms and Conditions of Sale which are posted on this site.
SECTION 6 - ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION: We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed. For more detail, please review our RMA Procedure.
SECTION 7 - THIRD-PARTY TOOLS: We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input. You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools “as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools. Any use by you of optional tools offered through this site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s). We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through our website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Use.
SECTION 8 - THIRD-PARTY LINKS: Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties. Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties. We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.
SECTION 9 - USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS: If, at our request, you send certain submissions (for example, contest entries) or, without a request from us, you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans or other materials, whether online, by email, postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, “comments”), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion to be unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or that violates any party’s intellectual property rights or these Terms of Use. You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including any copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
SECTION 10 - PERSONAL INFORMATION: Your submission of personal information through the online store is governed by our Privacy Policy which is posted on this site.
SECTION 11 - ERRORS, INACCURACIES AND OMISSIONS: Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including, without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
SECTION 12 - PROHIBITED USES: In addition to the other prohibitions set forth in these Terms of Use, you are prohibited from using this site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website if you engage in any of the foregoing prohibited uses.
SECTION 13 - DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free. We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the Service will be accurate or reliable. You agree that from time to time we may remove the Service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the Service at any time, without notice to you. You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement. In no case shall Teledyne CARIS, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of the Service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the Service, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the Service or any content posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
SECTION 14 - INDEMNIFICATION: You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Teledyne CARIS and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Use or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
SECTION 15 - SEVERABILITY: In the event that any provision of these Terms of Use is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Use. Such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
SECTION 16 - TERMINATION: These Terms of Use are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Use at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Service or when you cease using our site. If, in our sole judgment, you fail or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any provision of these Terms of Use, we may terminate the Service at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination and/or we may deny you access to our Service (or any part thereof). The obligations and liabilities of Teledyne CARIS and you incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of the Service or these Terms of Use for all purposes.
SECTION 17 - ENTIRE AGREEMENT: The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms of Use and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to the Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of these Terms of Use). Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Use shall not be construed against the drafting party.
SECTION 18 - GOVERNING LAW: These Terms of Use and any separate agreements whereby we provide the Service to you shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of New Brunswick and the laws of Canada applicable therein.
SECTION 19 - CHANGES TO TERMS OF USE: You can review the most current version of these Terms of Use at any time at this page. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Use by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Use constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 20 - CONTACT INFORMATION: Questions about these Terms of Use should be sent to us at caris-info@teledyne.com.
Third Parties
This website makes use of tools, data, and/or services from certain third parties which are governed by their own terms of use. Please visit the links below to learn more about those third parties' terms of use:
YouTube Terms of Service