https://www.tpgroupglobal.com/cookie-policy
Home > Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
If you visit our website, we may collect information about your visit, namely IP address, traffic data, location data and the resources that you access.
We use cookies in order to ensure the website functions properly and to improve your user experience. Cookies are usually a string of numbers and/or letters that a website transfers to your hard drive. The cookies enable the website to “remember” you, either for the duration of your visit (session cookies) or for repeat visits (persistent cookies).
Cookies used on the website are a mixture of first and third party cookies:
CONCRETE5 (first party) Session cookie
Google Analytics (third party)
https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
Facebook (third party) Facebook’s tracking pixel cookie
DoubleClick (Google) (third party)
Remarketing & advertising https://support.google.com/dfp_premium/answer/2839090?hl=en
Cookie name: _gaThis cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics – which is a significant update to Google’s more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.Default expiration time: 2 years
Cookie name: _gidThis cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics. This appears to be a new cookie and as of Spring 2017 no information is available from Google. It appears to store and update a unique value for each page visited.Default expiration time: 1 day
Cookie name: _gat_gtag_UA_124839813_1This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.Default expiration time: Same day
How to manage cookies
Please note, the above cookies on the TP Group Website DO NOT store financial information or information which is capable of directly identifying you (such as your name or email address). However, if you still wish to restrict, block or delete cookies from the TP Group Website – or any other website – you can use your browser to do this. Each browser is different so check the ‘Help’ menu of your particular browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
Please bear in mind that if you do this, certain personalised features of this website cannot be provided to you.
Further information about cookies
If you wish to learn more about cookies in general and how to manage them, please visit www.aboutcookies.org.
Back to Top
tpgroup is a global professional services and technology partner with a unique end-to-end approach.
Who we are
What we do
News, events & insights
Careers
Investors
Contact Us
Key Links
Westek Rugged IT
Renewable Energy Systems
Hydrogen Energy
Digital solutions
Follow Us
© TP Group 2020
Cookie Policy
|
Privacy and Cookies
|
Terms and Conditions
|
Modern Slavery Act
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.