http://www.academyofselfknowledge.com/privacy.asp
Transformational Education
|
Courses
|
Success Stories
|
Transformational Coaches
|
The Academy
|
FAQs
Privacy/Security/Terms
Privacy matters. The International Academy of Self-Knowledge recognizes the importance of our customers' privacy, and takes a number of steps to protect that privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for our Web site.
The International Academy of Self-Knowledge Privacy Policy
The International Academy of Self-Knowledge, Inc., and subsidiaries affiliates (collectively, "The International Academy of Self-Knowledge"), believes in protecting the privacy of its customers. The purpose of this privacy policy is to describe the kinds of information that we may gather about you; how we may use that information; how we protect it; when we may disclose it; and the choices you have regarding your information.
By visiting the Site, you are consenting to the practices described in the current version of this privacy policy. If you have visited the Site previously, please review the privacy policy again to be sure you are familiar with its present terms. Recent changes to the privacy policy can be found below under Privacy Policy Changes.
If you have any questions or concerns about the privacy or security of your information, you may contact us.
Non-Personal Information that We Collect
We automatically collect non-personally identifiable information from you when you visit our Site. This information includes your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. This number does not identify your name, email address, or other personal information. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Site.
We also collect non-personally identifiable information through the use of cookies. A cookie is an alphanumeric file that a Web site puts on your hard drive so that it can remember something about you while you are using the Site or when you return to the Site. Cookies make it easier for you to use our Site. We use a cookie in order to retain the contents in your shopping cart while you are checking out other areas on our Site. When you are done, the products in your cart are still there for you to buy. We also use cookies to gather certain aggregate usage information about the numbers and frequency of visitors to our Site and individual pages of our Site. This data helps us improve the appearance and usability of the Site. These cookies do not collect personally identifiable information nor do we combine information collected through these cookies with other personally identifiable information about you.
The International Academy of Self-Knowledge, its advertisers and ad servers may also use cookies, as well as files called "Web beacons" or "clear gifs" to determine on an anonymous basis which advertisements and promotions our Site users have seen and how users responded to them. However, we do not use these technologies to collect personally identifiable information.
Personal Identifiable Information Disclosed During Course Work
Personally identifiable information is often disclosed by students during course work and is treated as confidential.
This information may be communicated by the student's teacher to other IASK teachers and administrators during consultation in an effort to best serve the student.
We may release personally identifiable information when required to comply with applicable law or to protect the safety of The International Academy of Self-Knowledge, our customers, our employees or others.
Personal Information that We Collect
We may collect your personally identifiable information, such as your name, shipping address, billing address, email address, phone number and credit card number, in the course of processing your order or registration, or when we otherwise communicate with you. For example, through the order forms on our Site, we collect personally identifiable information necessary for shipping products that you purchase. We also may collect your financial information (like your credit card number and billing address) and your contact information (like your email address, phone number and shipping address).
Uses of your Information
Financial information that is collected is used to bill you for products that you request. Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to you. You may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see "How to remove your name from our mailing, sharing or email list" below.
If you register for email or if you provide your email address to us, we will send you emails. These emails will inform you of our launch of new products, of special sales, of promotional offers from our partners, of environmental issues we think are important, and of potential employment opportunities with The International Academy of Self-Knowledge that you may find of interest, and of other events taking place. If you currently receive our emails and do not wish to continue receiving them, please see the "How to remove your name from our mailing, sharing or email list" section below.
We use your shipping address to ship your products to you and to send mailings to you. We use your billing address, if different than your shipping address, to verify your billing information. We never share our customer names or addresses, e-mail addresses or other personally identifiable information, other than to the extent described in the "Consenting to Uses of Your Information" section below. If you do not wish to receive catalogs or other mailings from us, please see the "How to remove your name from our mailing, sharing or email list" section below.
Disclosures of Your Information
We do not disclose your personal information to other companies, persons or agencies, except for the purposes described below:
Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform certain services and functions on our behalf. Examples include operating and maintaining our Site, taking orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing consultation and assistance, distributing customer surveys, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These companies have access to personal information needed to perform their services or functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Affiliates and Partners: Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of The International Academy of Self-Knowledge customers on behalf of our affiliated companies.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that The International Academy of Self-Knowledge, Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Sharing: We may share your name and postal address or email address with other reputable companies so they may send you information about products of potential interest. We do not share credit card information with these third parties. If you prefer that we not share your name, postal address and email address with other companies, please see "How to remove your name from our mailing, sharing or email list" section below.
With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have the opportunity to choose not to share the information.
How to Remove your Name from Our Mailing, Sharing or Email List
Our Site provides you the choice to receive communications from us at the point where we request information about you.
Remove
Our Site gives you the following options for removing your information from our database to not receive future communications, or to no longer receive our service, or to not share your name and address with other companies.
1. You may send an email to academyofselfknowledge@gmail.com
2.
You may call the following telephone number: 1-562-987-2762
How to Correct your Name from Our Mailing, Sharing or Email List
This Site gives you the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
1. You may send an email to academyofselfknowledge@gmail.com
2.
You may call the following telephone number: 1-562-987-2762
Protection of Personal Information
We want you to feel confident about using the International Academy of Self-Knowledge Web site to make purchases, and we are committed to protecting the personal information we collect. While no Web site can guarantee security, we have implemented appropriate physical, electronic and managerial security procedures to help protect the personal information that you provide to us.
Children's Privacy
The International Academy of Self-Knowledge does not sell merchandise for purchase by children. If you are under 18, you may use our website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. Should a child whom we know to be under 13 send personal information to us, we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personal information.
External Links
If any part of the International Academy of Self-Knowledge Web site links you to other Web sites, those Web sites do not operate under this privacy policy. We recommend that you examine the privacy statements posted on those other Web sites to understand their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The International Academy of Self-Knowledge may update this privacy policy in the future. We will notify you about material changes to this privacy policy by sending a notice to the e-mail address you provided to us or by placing a prominent notice on our Web site.
How to contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the privacy or security of your information, you may contact us in any of the following ways
1. You may send an email to web@academyofselfknowledge.com
2.
You may call the following telephone number: 1-562-987-2762
EFFECTIVE DATE: July 1, 2007
Terms of Use Agreement
This Web Site, academyofselfknowledge.com, ("Site") is hosted by The International Academy of Self-Knowledge, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, "The International Academy of Self-Knowledge").
By using this Site, you agree to be legally bound by all the terms and conditions contained in this Terms of Use Agreement ("Agreement"). Please read these terms carefully. By using this Site you also represent that you are at least 18 years old, or you are at least the minimum legal age to enter into a contract in the jurisdiction in which you are viewing the Site. In addition, when you use any current or future version of this Site or any other International Academy of Self-Knowledge Web Site, you also will be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Please print a copy of this Agreement for your records.
We may, from time to time, modify the terms of this Agreement. When we make changes, we will post those changes here. Your use of the Site following any such modification constitutes your agreement to the terms of the modified Agreement.
Privacy
Please review our privacy policy, which also governs your visit to the Site, to understand our privacy practices. The terms and conditions of our privacy policy are incorporated herein and made a part of this Agreement.
Orders
The International Academy of Self-Knowledge does sell products for children, but it does not sell products to children. The International Academy of Self-Knowledge only sells products to adults, ages 18 years and older, who can purchase them with a credit card. The International Academy of Self-Knowledge reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion, including, without limitation, if the International Academy of Self-Knowledge believes that user conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of The International Academy of Self-Knowledge or its affiliates.
Trademarks
International Academy of Self-KnowledgeTM, IASKTM, Transformational MeditationTM, and TfMTM are trademarks of The International Academy of Self-Knowledge, Inc. in the United States and other countries. All rights reserved.
All rights in the product names, company names, trade names, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, product packaging, trade dress and designs of all The International Academy of Self-Knowledge or third-party products or services, whether or not appearing in large print or with the trademark symbol, belong exclusively to The International Academy of Self-Knowledge or their respective owners and are protected from reproduction, imitation, dilution, or confusing or misleading uses under national and international trademark and copyright laws. The use or misuse of these trademarks or any materials, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited, and nothing stated or implied on this Site confers on you any license or right under any patent or trademark of The International Academy of Self-Knowledge or any third party.
Copyright
All copyright rights in the text, images, photographs, graphics, user interface, and other content provided on the Site, and the selection, coordination, and arrangement of such content, are owned by The International Academy of Self-Knowledge or its third-party licensors to the full extent provided under the United States Copyright Act and all international copyright laws. Under applicable copyright laws, you are prohibited from copying, reproducing, modifying, distributing, displaying, performing, or transmitting any of the contents of the Site for any purposes. Nothing stated or implied on the Site confers on you any license or right under any copyright of The International Academy of Self-Knowledge or any third party.
The Site and the information contained in reference herein are for your personal, non-commercial use only. Except as otherwise specifically permitted herein, you shall not broadcast, duplicate, copy, reproduce, edit, manipulate, modify, publish, rent, sell, publicly display, perform, distribute, transmit, or circulate to anyone the contents of this Site, or use the contents of this Site in litigation, or for any commercial or promotional purposes, without the express written consent of The International Academy of Self-Knowledge or its lawful successors and assigns. For usage permission, Contact Us.
Notice of Copyright Infringement
The International Academy of Self-Knowledge, Inc. respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible on this Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide The International Academy of Self-Knowledge's office with the following information:
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
Identification of the allegedly infringing material on the Site that is requested to be removed;
Your name, address, and daytime telephone number, and an email address if available, so that the International Academy of Self-Knowledge may contact you if necessary;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted work is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the signatory is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed, and
An electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or someone authorized on the owner's behalf to assert infringement of copyright and to submit the statement.
License and Site Access
The International Academy of Self-Knowledge grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this Site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of the International Academy of Self-Knowledge. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this Site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this Site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, spiders or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
Neither this Site nor any portion of this Site may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of the International Academy of Self-Knowledge. You may not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of the International Academy of Self-Knowledge and our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use meta tags or any other hidden text using the International Academy of Self-Knowledge's name or trademarks without the express written consent of the International Academy of Self-Knowledge. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by the International Academy of Self-Knowledge.
You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of the International Academy of Self-Knowledge so long as the link does not portray the International Academy of Self-Knowledge or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive manner. You may not use any International Academy of Self-Knowledge logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission. You may not make any other part of this Site, other than the home page of the Site, available as part of another service by "deep linking," or otherwise, without prior written permission from the International Academy of Self-Knowledge.
Third Party and Co-Branded Web Sites
This Site may contain hyperlinks ("links") to Web Sites operated by persons or entities other than the International Academy of Self-Knowledge ("third-party Web Sites") or to co-branded Web Sites operated by a third party, including affiliates ("co-branded Web Sites"). We provide such links for your reference and convenience only. A link from the International Academy of Self-Knowledge to a third-party Web Site does not imply or mean that we endorse the content on that third-party or co-branded Web Site or the operator or operations of that Web Site. You are solely responsible for determining the extent to which you use any content at any third party or co-branded Web Sites to which you might link from our Site. THE INTERNATIONAL ACADEMY OF SELF-KNOWLEDGE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES INCURRED AS A RESULT OF ANY DEALINGS WITH ANY THIRD-PARTY WEB SITE OR CO-BRANDED WEB SITE, ANY MERCHANT OR OPERATOR OF A THIRD-PARTY WEB SITE OR CO-BRANDED WEB SITE, OR ANY OTHER PERSON WITH WHOM YOU ENGAGE IN ANY TRANSACTION.
Your Responsibilities
You agree to comply with all applicable law in connection with your use of the Site, and such further limitations as may be set forth in any written or on-screen notice from the International Academy of Self-Knowledge. As a condition of your use of the Site, you warrant that you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this Agreement. All information that you provide in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with this Site or any co-branded Web Site will be accurate, complete, and current. You will pay all charges incurred by users of your credit card, debit card, or other payment method used in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the International Academy of Self-Knowledge or any co-branded Web Site at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred. You will pay any applicable taxes, if any, relating to any such purchases, transactions or other monetary transaction interactions.
By using this Site, you agree not to violate or attempt to violate the security of the Site, including, without limitation, actions such as:
Accessing data not intended for you or logging into a server or account that you are not authorized to access;
Attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization;
Attempting to interfere with service to any user, host, or network, including, without limitation, by way of submitting a virus to or overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mailbombing," or "crashing" the Site;
Sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services, and
Forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting.
The
International Academy of Self-Knowledge Guarantee
The International Academy of Self-Knowledge guarantees every product we make. If you are not satisfied with one of our products at the time you receive it, or if one of our products does not perform to your satisfaction, you may return the product to the store from which you bought it or to the International Academy of Self-Knowledge for repair, replacement, or refund in accordance with the International Academy of Self-Knowledge's warranty policy. Damage due to wear and tear will be repaired at a reasonable charge.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY
THIS SITEIS PROVIDED BY THE INTERNATIONAL ACADEMY OF SELF-KNOWLEDGE ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE INTERNATIONAL ACADEMY OF SELF-KNOWLEDGE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR LINKED SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THIS SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE SITE WILL BE FREE FROM ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, OR DELAY IN OPERATION, OR FROM TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS; THAT THE SITE WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION; THAT DEFECTS OR ERRORS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE CONTENT ON THE SITE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. ANY INFORMATION ON THIS SITE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE, AND WE DISCLAIM ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR THESE CHANGES. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE INTERNATIONAL ACADEMY OF SELF-KNOWLEDGE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OF IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
IN NO EVENT WILL THE INTERNATIONAL ACADEMY OF SELF-KNOWLEDGE, OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THIS SITE, BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE OR NATURE ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS, USE, MISUSE, OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE OR ANY LINKED SITES OR SERVICES; IN THE EVENT A THIRD PARTY INTERCEPTS OR DECRYPTS ANY TRANSMISSION OF INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE TO THE INTERNATIONAL ACADEMY OF SELF-KNOWLEDGE THROUGH THE SITE; OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, OR LINE OR SYSTEM FAILURE, WHETHER IN AN ACTION UNDER CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER THEORY, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. CERTAIN STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DICLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
Applicable Law and Disputes
This Agreement, your rights and obligations, our rights and obligations, and all actions contemplated by this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the State of California, without regard to principles of conflicts of law and as if this Agreement were a contract wholly entered into and wholly performed within the State of California. This Agreement will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the academyofselfknowledge.com or to products you purchase through the International Academy of Self-Knowledge shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Long Beach, California, United States of America, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate the International Academy of Self-Knowledge's intellectual property rights, the International Academy of Self-Knowledge may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the State of California, United States of America, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this Agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of JAMS/ENDISPUTE Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures in effect at the time of filing of the demand for arbitration. The parties specifically incorporate the terms of California Code of Civil Procedure section 1283.05 with respect to discovery. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the International Academy of Self-Knowledge and its affiliates, successors and assigns, and its and their directors, officers, employees, agents, co-branders or other partners from and against any and all allegations, claims, demands, actions, causes of action, proceedings (whether threatened or pending), orders, damages, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees and other legal expenses, and judgments of any kind of nature, incurred by the International Academy of Self-Knowledge arising out of or relating to your use of the Site, your violation of this Agreement, or your violation of any rights of another.
Miscellaneous Legal Provisions
We may discontinue the Site at any time and for any reason, without notice. We may change the contents, operation, or any and all other features of the Site at any time for any reason, without notice. We may discontinue or restrict your use of the Site at any time for any reason, without notice.
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and the International Academy of Self-Knowledge as a result of this Agreement or your use of this Site. Nothing contained in this Agreement is in derogation of the International Academy of Self-Knowledge's right to comply with governmental, court, and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of this Site or information provided to or gathered by the International Academy of Self-Knowledge with respect to such use. A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
The failure of the International Academy of Self-Knowledge to enforce any provisions of this Agreement or respond to a breach by you or other parties shall not in any way waive its right to enforce subsequently any terms or conditions of this Agreement or to act with respect to similar breaches.
If any provision in this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect, and the invalid unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision.
This Agreement is the entire and final Agreement regarding our Site and its content, and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous communications between the International Academy of Self-Knowledge and you regarding our Site and its contents.
All rights not expressly granted herein are hereby reserved.
Email: academyofselfknowledge@gmail.com
Connect with
us on:
Facebook
"Introduction to SELF-Discovery" CourseGet FREE Instant Access to our
Transformational Webinar
Email*
First Name
Free Instant Access >>>
We Never Share Your Information
What our students say about our Transformational Coaching!
"I have more self-discipline, which has allowed me to stay on target to reach my daily, weekly and monthly goals.which has increased my earnings, and peace of mind."
- Cat Pedersen,
Musician and Voice Actor
"With this new empowered awareness, I am able to live my life with enthusiasm. I was and am the Architect of my Destiny."
- L. Kae Graniel,
President of True Speak and
Success Coach
"I know that I am Spiritually connected to my Higher Self at all times, no matter what's going on."
- Eugene Holden
Tai Chi
"Since studying with my Transformational Coach, I have set record sales in my territory and doubled my income."
- Randy Jones
Sales Engineer
"I gained the confidence in my ability to resolve any uncertainty."
- Maurice Abarr
Attorney
Discover what's been preventing you from achieving the
wealth, peace of mind, spiritual connection,
relationships and health you desire...
and learn HOW TO OVERCOME IT!!
Click here to request a FREE 15 minute consultation with
a Transformational Coach
Site Map
|
Privacy/Security/Terms
|
Our Guarantee
|
Contact Email: academyofselfknowledge@gmail.com
2008 Academy of Self - Knowledge
Already a Coach?
Exciting Opportunities to Expand Your Business
Learn More >>
TRADERS click here >>