http://www.gtasa.asn.au/privacy-policy
Search
MENU
Home
Goals of the GTASA
President's Report
AGM Minutes
GTASA Facebook Page
GTASA Twitter
GTASA Fees
About Us
History of the GTASA
Life Members
Executive
Affiliations
GTASA rules
Professional Development
RGS Professional Development
Products & Resources
GTASA Products
Resources for Students
News
Position Information Documents
AGTA News
Geographia Newsletter
AGTA Awards
Australian Geography Competition
DD Harris Award
DD Harris Teaching Scholarships
Members
Educators SA
EdSA Gateway
Contact Us
Home
In this policy, the “Website” means the Geography Teachers’ Association of South Australia website at http://www.gtasa.asn.au, a private association registered in South Australia (ABN 18 969 238 654) with its registered office at Level 1, Education Development Centre, 4 Milner Street, Hindmarsh, South Australia, 5007.
We are committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you a safe online experience.  This Privacy Policy applies to the website and governs data collection and usage.  By using this Website, you consent to the data practices described in this policy.
The website may link to other sites which will not be covered by the Privacy Policy.  You should check the Privacy Policy of each site before providing information to it.
Information you give us:
We receive and store any information you enter on the Website or give us in any other way.  You provide this information when you search, participate in discussion forums, or communicate with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.  As a result of those actions you might supply us with such information as your name, address, post code, date of birth, gender, information on how you use our services (such as type, date, time, and information on your browsing activity when visiting the Website) and any other information with respect of your use of the Website or our services.
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customising future use of the Website for you, improving the Website and communicating with you.
Automatic information:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us.  For example, like many websites, we use cookies and in the future we may also use web bugs.  This technology allows us to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses the Website.  Third parties might also do this on the Website.  Examples of information we collect and analyse using technology which is not readily apparent include the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet;  log in; e- mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system and platform; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), click stream to, through and from the Website, including date and time; cookie number; pages viewed or searched for; your site history, and phone number used to contact us.  A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously.  We want you to be aware that these tools exist.
Cookies
•  Cookies are pieces of information that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser when you are viewing the Website.  These pieces of information allow the Website to act on information that will make your use of the Website more rewarding.  We use cookies to enable our system to recognise your browser and to provide features such as easier login and greater security and for storing information about you between visits.
•  The ‘help’ portion of a toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to protect your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.  However, if you turn cookies off you won’t have access to some of the features that make the Website more efficient and services may not function properly.
Web Bugs
•  Web bugs are minute images (commonly 1 pixel x 1 pixel) that transmit data on use of the internet back to a computer specified by the web bug.  Information fed back by web bugs is often similar to the sort of information you will find in a cookie, such as the sites that you have recently visited and potentially the characteristics of the machine that you were using.  Reconfiguring the browser’s cookie settings as described above, may prevent web bugs from tracking your activity on this website. There are web sites available that will tell you more about web bugs.
Do we share the information received?
The website collects and uses your personal information to operate and deliver any services you have requested.  We will not sell, rent or lease user lists to third parties.  You consent to use of any personal details you give for internal administrative purposes, for marketing, and for release to third parties either for gain or without charge.  Additionally you acknowledge that the Company may sell or buy other assets or that someone else may take over the running of this site.  The legal status of the Company or its ownership could also change.  In this type of transaction, customer information generally is one of the assets transferred.  You acknowledge that your data could be transferred as part of the process and consent to that transfer.  We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
We will also give out personal information as required by law, for example to comply with a Court Order or to protect the safety and security of users on the Website.
If you give us your fax, phone or e-mail details, you authorise us or our associates to contact you using that method.  If you decide that you no longer wish us to communicate with you, or the details we hold on you change, you agree to tell us to enable us to update our records.
How secure is information about me?
The security of all personal data is of the utmost concern to us.  We take technical, contractual, administrative and physical steps to protect all of the user information that we hold.  Despite this, no system is guaranteed to be 100% secure and you acknowledge that the information you give us may be at risk.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer.  Be sure to log out when using a shared computer (such as in an internet café or college) and take steps to make sure your personal information has not been stored by that computer or a network connected to it. Ultimately, it is your responsibility to maintain the secrecy of your username and passwords and any account information.
What choices do I have?
The help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether.
You can visit sites on the internet that will tell you more about web bugs and how to manage them.
There are also products which allow anonymous browsing.
Acceptance and changes to Privacy Policy
By using the website, you acknowledge and accept the website Terms and Conditions of Sale and the Privacy Policy.
This is the current Privacy Policy.  It replaces any other Privacy Policy for the website published to date.  The Privacy Policy may at any time vary and will be published on the website.  You accept that by doing this, you have been provided with sufficient notice of the variation.
EdSA Gateway Login
Login
GTASA Member
Login
Click Here
GTASA Newsletter
View Now
GTASA Inc
163A Greenhill Road
Parkside SA 5063
Phone: (08) 8463 5875
Fax: (08) 8463 5855
Copyright © 2020 GTASA Inc. All Rights Reserved
Website Design & Development by DBG Technologies
Privacy Policy