http://www.blackcatmining.com/pages/privacy-policy
Excellent Service Since 2006
Log in
or
Create account
Cart
0
Search
Excellent Service Since 2006
Menu
Cart 0
Home
Gold Pans
Classifiers
Sluice Boxes
Vials & Displays
Hand Tools
Book & Maps
Concentrators
Clearance
Rock Tumblers
+
-
All Rock Tumblers
Tumbling Media
Tumbling Rough
Rock Tumbler Parts
Moss & Matting
Hose & Fittings
All Products
Log in
Create account
Search
Privacy Policy
Black Cat Mining - Privacy
Privacy Policies
General Privacy Information
Your privacy is important to us. We have made a commitment to meet the strictest of requirements regarding how we treat your information. Below is a full disclosure of the information we collect and how it is used. Cookies When you visit our site, we will request that your browser store a cookie (a very small text file) on your computer. If you have your browser configured to accept cookies, it will accept the cookie and place it on your computer's hard drive. This cookie allows our website to recognize your computer should you return. We collect this information to analyze where our customers are coming from and how often they visit our site.
No personally identifiable information is stored in or collected in association with cookies.
You may visit our site with cookies turned off if you so choose. To visit our site without cookies, you can configure your browser to reject all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is requested and then reject the request. Check the help menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. Logs and Browser Information Whenever your web browser makes a request to our servers (or any web server) certain technical data is passed in order to fulfill the request. It is also standard practice to store these requests in server logs. Black Cat Mining does store browser requests in our server logs. Stored data includes the time of the request, the file requested, the requesting IP address, the user_agent of your web browser, the referring URL of the website that referred the request (if any), and other information related to the requests your browser sends to our servers. This information allows us to enhance our site to our customers' preferences, debug errors and analyze usage data.
Collecting and logging of this type of data is standard practice as you visit Internet sites. This information is not personally identifiable. Purchases and Credit Card Information In order to transact business online, Black Cat Mining must collect certain sensitive information. The information you submit is protected by secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology (see Security below) and held in the strictest confidence.
We do NOT store your credit card information in any form. This information is encrypted and sent to our merchant banking provider through a secure gateway and only used to process your order.
Also know that Black Cat Mining does not share, sell, redistribute, loan, rent or pass along your information to any third parties for any reason other than to process your transaction, ship your order and communicate with you. The information you submit is kept in the strictest confidence. Security The security of your personal information is very important to us. In an effort to protect your personal information, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology with 128 bit encryption. If your browser supports SSL (most current browsers do), it will automatically encrypt the information you provide to us on the secure pages on our site, before sending it over the Internet. Our Commitment to Children's Privacy: We do not collect or maintain information at our website from those we know to be under 13, nor is any part of our website structured to attract anyone under 13.
If you have any questions regarding this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, contact our Support Team.
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh