http://www.enviroscapes.com/privacy
Special!$50 off Carrying Case w/purchase of any Model (choose Case Option on product page).
About
About Us
News
Products
Hands-On Models
Accessories
Activities, Posters & More
Replacement Parts
Our Customers
In the Classroom
Outreach & Public Relations
Worldwide Reach
Request a Quote
Customer Service
FAQ
Shipping/Ordering
Our Guarantee
Training & Support
Vendors
User Tips
E-Newsletter Signup
Home/privacy
Privacy Policy
Enviroscape® gathers analytic information about our Web site traffic, including which areas are most visited, domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address. Any information you provide to us on this site when you establish or update an account, make a purchase online or request information (i.e. name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and credit card information), is maintained in private files on our secure Web server and our internal systems. You should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect the users of our Web site, the site or the public. Enviroscape® does not sell, rent or trade your e-mail address to third parties. We may, however, use third parties to help us provide services and marketing to you, such as fulfilling orders, processing payments, monitoring site activity, conducting surveys, and administering e-mails. If personally identifiable information (i.e. name, address, e-mail address, telephone number) is provided to any of these third parties, we will require that such information be maintained by them in strictest confidence. Confidential information should not be discussed. Enviroscape® assumes no responsibility for the content or consequences, direct or indirect, of communications by users. It is our policy to never send private information, such as your credit card number, via email.
Follow us