http://www.labvantage.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Loading...
Privacy PolicyLabVantage Solutions2020-11-24T14:51:13-05:00
Privacy Statement
Effective Date: November 25, 2020
General
LabVantage Solutions (later “We”) is committed to ensure the confidentiality and data protection of personal data at its possession. This privacy policy is applied to personal data that We collect in relation to our customer and marketing data filing system (later “Data Filing System”). The personal data and related processing is described in this privacy policy. Additional information regarding the processing of personal data in our systems is provided by the Data Protection Officer at dataprotectionofficer@labvantage.com.
We respect your privacy rights and value your trust.  This privacy notice describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time, for example due to changes in applicable legislation. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. Therefore, We advise you to review this privacy policy. We endeavor to carry out reasonable means to inform You of any possible changes beforehand.
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework
LabVantage complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. LabVantage has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/
LabVantage Solutions is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. LabVantage Solutions complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU or Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
LabVantage Solutions commits to cooperate with EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) and shall comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, LabVantage Solutions is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, LabVantage Solutions may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If, after contacting the LabVantage Data Protection Officer, you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website [https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint], you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Compliance to Privacy Shield Framework is verified by:
1) the Privacy Shield Framework Website: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TX4GAAW&status=Active
and
2.Data Controller
Name: LabVantage Solutions
Address: 265 Davidson Ave, Somerset, NJ, USA, 08873
Telephone: (908) 707-4100
Information Related to Data Collected for our Clients:
LabVantage Solutions may collect information under the direction of its Clients and has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. If you are a customer of one of our Clients and would no longer like to be contacted by one of our Clients that use our service, please contact the Client that you interact with directly. LabVantage Solutions may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our service. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Clients.
Access and Retention of Data Controlled by our Clients:
We acknowledge that you have the right to access your personal information. LabVantage Solutions has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct his query to the LabVantage Solutions’ Client (the data controller). If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
LabVantage Solutions will retain personal data we process on behalf of our Clients for as long as needed to provide services to our Client. LabVantage Solutions will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Why we Need it?
We process the personal data of Our customers’ and potential customers’ representatives (later also “You”) in the following systems.
Reason
System Used
Communication to you on issues / bugs, software releases, training, and general information regarding the LabVantage software
Vantage Care
Communication to you on project issues / bugs, project releases and general information regarding the project
Vantage Track
Mantis
Sales and marketing information
SalesForce.com
Sales information, invoicing, billing
SAP
What Categories of Personal Data Do We Process?
We may process the following categories of Your personal data:
Your name;
Your title;
Your contact details: email address and telephone number;
the company you are representing and your position in the company and
information concerning the exploitation of electronic services and content (e.g. subscription to a newsletter), technical information sent to Our server by your browser (e.g. IP-address, browser, browser version, the webpage from which you came to our webpage) as well as the cookies sent to your browser and information related to them (see additional information on cookies and similar technologies below).
Which Sources Do We Use to Collect Personal Data?
We may collect personal data primarily from You (e.g. your contact requests through Our webpage and business cards given by You to Us). In addition, We obtain personal data from the following sources:
Software maintenance agreements
Billing information
Other representatives of the company You represent
Our employees
Public sources such as the internet pages of the company You represent
Events
Business Networks
E-mail lists We purchase from third parties
Other similar sources
Basis for and Purposes of Processing Your Personal Data
The basis for processing Your personal data is Our legitimate interest.
The purpose of the processing of Your personal data may include with respect to:
the management and maintenance of the customer relationship of the company You represent to Us.
for the sales and direct marketing of Our products and services.
Communications of product enhancements, releases, issues and resolutions.
You will only receive Business-to-Business marketing with regard the company You represent from Us unless the company or You have informed us that You or the company do not want to receive electronic direct marketing from us.
Regular Disclosures and Transfers of Your Personal Data to Third Parties
We may share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business activities.  These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us, pursuant to written instructions.  In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements, and are not allowed to use personal information they receive from us for any other purpose.  Representative business processes that our service providers/vendors assist US with include:
Network or cyber security monitoring and intrusion detection
Web or application development/management
Shipping and fulfilling orders
Payment processing
Providing customer service
Sending marketing communications
Displaying tailored content through personalized advertising
Fulfilling subscription services
Conducting research and analysis
Providing cloud computing infrastructure/storage/processing, etc.
Technical administration, such as hosting, managing and maintaining [our sites, services, applications, etc.]
Analytics, so that we may better understand how our site is being used in order to optimize resources
Although LabVantage may share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business activities, LabVantage does not sell your information.
We may also be required to share Your personal data as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, bankruptcy proceedings, or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information. We may also disclose your personal information to any other third party with your prior consent.
User Access and Choice
Upon request LabVantage Solutions will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may [correct, update, amend, delete/remove, ask to have it removed from a public forum, directory or testimonial on our site or deactivate it] by making the change on our member information page [or by emailing our Customer Support at Support@labvantage.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed in section 2. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
We do not disclose Your personal data to any third parties for any other purposes than the purposes described in this document.
Transfers of Your Personal Data outside the EU or European Economic Area
We may transfer Your personal data outside the European Union, the European Economic Area or Switzerland. This includes, but not limited to, United States of America and India.
Principles for the Retention of Your Personal Data
We are required to keep your documents for the time period according to the POL-04 Data Retention Policy in the systems identified in accordance with the following principles:
If You are the representative of Our current customer, We retain Your personal data for as long as the customer relationship exists unless You, or someone else at the company, informs us of another contact person. After the termination of the customer relationship Your personal data shall be retained for a maximum of one year following the termination of the customer relationship.
If You are in Our system as a potential customer, We retain Your personal data for as long as You are in such a position in the company You represent to which our marketed product or service is related, provided that you have not prohibited direct marketing. In such case information on the prohibition of direct marketing can be retained in the identified System.
Your personal data may be retained for longer if applicable legislation or our contractual obligations towards third parties require a longer retention period.
After this period, your personal data will be irreversibly destroyed. Any personal data held by us for marketing and service update notifications will be kept by us until such time that you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information.
Your Rights in Relation to the Processing of Personal Data
As a data subject You have the right, at any time, to object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
In addition, You have the right to, according to applicable data protection legislation, at any time:
be informed about whether We process Your personal data;
obtain access to data relating to You and review Your personal data We process;
require rectification and completion or erasure of inaccurate and incorrect personal data;
withdraw Your consent and object to the processing of Your personal data in so far as the processing of Your personal data is based on your consent;
object to the processing of Your personal data on grounds relating to Your particular situation;
obtain a restriction of processing of Your personal data.
You should present Your request for exercising any of the aforementioned rights in the manner described in the ‘Contacts’ Section of this document. We may ask You to specify Your request in writing and to verify Your identity before processing the request. We may refuse to fulfil your request on grounds set out in applicable data protection legislation.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority concerned or with the supervisory authority of the EU member state of your habitual residence or place of work, if You consider that We have not processed Your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection legislation.
Principles of Data Security
We respect the confidentiality of Your personal data.
Your personal data are protected and stored in Our systems and are accessible only to such of Our employees and other persons who need to know the personal data within their tasks such as Our marketing personnel. Such persons have personal user credentials and passwords.
We keep Our systems appropriately up-to-date and use reputable providers of anti-virus software. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at: dataprotectionofficer@labvantage.com.
Information on Cookies and Similar Technologies
We automatically gather server log file information when you visit our websites. This includes IP address, browser type, referring and exit web pages, and your operating system.
We and our service providers use technologies on www.labvantage.com to collect information that helps us improve the quality of www.labvantage.com [our site] and the online experience of our visitors and users.  In this Privacy Notice, we refer to these technologies, which include cookies–small text files stored on your computer or mobile device to remember your actions or preferences over time – and similar technologies from third party providers, collectively as “cookies.”
A “cookie” is a commonly used small text file that the internet browser installs on your computer or other terminal when you visit a website. The browser sends information on your visit back to the website when you revisit it. All contemporary websites use cookies in order to offer you a more personal browsing experience.
Each cookie is separately installed on each terminal You use and cookies can be read only by the server that installed the cookie. Because the cookie is bound to the browser, and is not distributable between separate browsers or terminals in general (unless a browser, plugin or other application separately enable this), Your choices relating to the management of cookies are applicable only to each separate browser. A cookie cannot control software, and it cannot be used as a medium for viruses or other malware, nor to harm Your terminal of files. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. A single user cannot be identified solely through the use of cookies or similar technologies.
We [and service providers on our behalf] use cookies and similar technologies to:
deliver advertisements that we believe are more relevant to your interests;
keep track of how many visitors click on an advertisement;
limit the number of times you see a certain aid;
to detect and combat fraud
to infer preferences based on how you interact with our labvantage.com
to gather information about our user base as a whole
to monitor and provide analytics about the performance, trends and operation of [our website, mobile application or services]
to enable you to use and access our website, mobile application or services
to better understand how our users interact with our website, application or services
to store and honor your preferences and settings
Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting
We may partner with a third party to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partner may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising use this link to the NAI opt-out mechanism: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
If located in the European Union please use the EDAA opt-out tool: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
Links to Third Party Websites
Our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of LabVantage Solutions. If you submit personal information to any of those websites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.
Contacts
All requests concerning the use of the rights mentioned above, questions about this privacy policy and other contacts should be made by e-mail to our Data Protection Officer at dataprotectionofficer@labvantage.com. You may also contact Us in person or in writing:
LabVantage Solutions
Attention: Data Protection Officer
265 Davidson Ave, Suite 220
Somerset, NJ, USA, 08873
If you still feel that your personal data has not been handled appropriately according to the law, you can contact the local Data Protection Authority using the following url: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/what-are-data-protection-authorities-dpas_en and file a complaint with them.
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Announcement
LabVantage is committed to supporting our customers and minimizing any risks to you, our employees, and our communities during this global pandemic.
Please read our CEO’s message to learn what steps we are taking.
This support includes LabVantage COVID-19 LIMS, which deploys as a SaaS solution in as little as four weeks. Learn more.
The LabVantage Leadership Team continues to assess the pandemic and responds accordingly to developments and guidance from government and medical leaders, as well as developing solutions to help customers engaged in COVID-19 work.
CLOSE
X
X
Go to Top