http://www.spectralworks.com/privacy-policy/
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the use of these cookies. For a full Privacy & Cookies Policy click here.
Home
Products
DART/Direct MS
Consultancy
News & Events
Contact Us
About Us
SpectralWorks is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you. We strictly adhere to the requirements of the data protection legislation. The General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679/EU (GDPR) has direct effect from May 2018 in all EU member states, replacing the existing data protection framework under the EU Data Protection Directive. The emphasis of the GDPR is on transparency, security and the accountability of Data Controllers whilst standardising and strengthening the protection of personal data across the EU. In short, the GDPR aims to strengthen the rights of individuals to be better informed about how their data is to be used.
The purpose of this policy statement is to explain to you what personal information we collect and how we may use it.
As part of our compliance with the regulation, we will be running ongoing deletion of data for individuals who have not been in direct contact with SpectralWorks in the last 7 years. This deletion process will begin in May 2018 and will be an ongoing process.
Ways that we collect information
We may collect your personal information directly or through our website(s). Some areas of the site require you to actively submit information in order for you to benefit from specific features. You will be informed at each information collection point what information is required and what information is optional.
Some of this information may be personal (information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your full name, company name, address, email address, phone number etc.). We only collect such information when you choose to supply it to us.
When registering an interest in one of our products, we record the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you made the request from and although we cannot accurately trace your location we are able to determine your Internet Service Provider (ISP) and the city where the request was made.
An IP address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), so you can access the Internet.
We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our server, report aggregate information, and determine the fastest route for your computer to use in connecting to our site, and to administer and improve the site.
Purpose of collecting personal information
SpectralWorks uses the collected data to communicate with Customers and Prospects, to provide product information and support. We may use your data to improve our website by analysing how Prospects navigate our website(s).
We will hold the personal data you provided us for 7 years to conform to regulatory requirements such as financial reporting. This period may be extended due to legal requirements. Data held for marketing purposes only will be held until your consent is withdrawn and/or we have not had contact from you within the last 7 years.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored locally on your computer and contains information about your activities on the Internet. We may use cookies from time to time. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. By continuing to visit our website(s), you agree that we may place cookies on your device. If you choose not to accept our cookies, we cannot guarantee that your experience will be as fulfilling as it would otherwise be. We may also place cookies from third parties for functional and marketing purposes.
Use of your information
We may use your personal information to:
Contact you by email, post or telephone to let you know about any of our products, services or promotions (which, in some cases may be provided by third parties) which may be of interest to you unless you have asked us not to. Where possible we will provide an option for you to opt out of further communications.
Ensure materials on the website are presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer.
Improve the website and to monitor website usage.
Disclosing your information
We may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in good-faith believing such action is necessary to comply with the law. We will not sell or otherwise share your personal information with third parties without your consent except in the following instances:
Where you have agreed to be contacted by us, we may pass your personal information to third parties who provide various products and services on our behalf.
Unless required by applicable law or if we are ordered to do so by a court or other similar body;
As we may think necessary to protect our legal rights, a registered user or third party, or to prevent personal injury; and/or
Where we are approached by a potential buyer of our business and/or assets or in relation to any joint venture or other business arrangement. In such circumstances we will be able to pass on your personal information to such third party's advisors and to any prospective buyer, as well as to any other relevant parties.
Data controller and contact details
For data collected under this privacy notice, SpectralWorks is the Data Controller (as that term is defined in the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679), registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office, Registration Number Z1187769.
You can contact our Data Controller at office@spectralworks.com.
Transfers outside the EEA
SpectralWorks will only transfer data to countries outside the EEA when satisfied that both the party which handles the data and the country it is processing it in provide adequate safeguards for personal privacy.
Your rights
You have the right to request access to, copies of and rectification or (in some cases) erasure of personal data held by SpectralWorks and can request that we restrict processing or object to processing as well as (in some cases) the right to data portability (i.e. the right to ask us to put your data into a format that it can be transferred easily to a different organisation). If you wish to make use of one of these rights, please email office@spectralworks.com.
If we have asked for your consent in order to process your personal data you can withdraw this consent in whole or part at any time. To withdraw consent, please email office@spectralworks.com, who will explain the consequences of doing so in any particular case and initiate proceedings for withdrawing consent.
How do I change my personal details?
We want to ensure that we provide you with the best possible service. Please therefore always keep us updated of any changes to your personal information, for example, if your email address changes. You can do this by emailing office@spectralworks.com.
Passing on your data
We do not sell, rent or exchange your personal information with any third party for commercial reasons.
Web Statistics
We use log files generated by our web servers to analyse site usage and statistics but the files do not identify any personal information. Log file analysis helps us to understand usage patterns on our website and to make improvements to our service.
Links to other websites
This site contains links and references to other websites. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites and we encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every website you visit.
Notification of changes to our Privacy Policy
We will post details of any changes to our Privacy Policy on the website to help ensure you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and in what circumstances, if any, we share it with other parties.
If you don't feel we're adhering to this Privacy Policy, what should you do?
If at any time you believe that we have not adhered to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please notify us by email at office@spectralworks.com and we will make every effort we can to determine and solve the problem promptly.
Complaints
If you are unhappy with the way we have processed your personal data you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office at casework@ico.org.uk but we ask that you raise the issue with our Data Controller first.
Any questions about our Privacy Policy?
If you have any questions about privacy please contact us at office@spectralworks.com.
Privacy policy last updated: Monday, April 27, 2020 10:57 AM
Our Software
AnalyzerPro
AnalyzerPro® is a productivity software application for LC-MS and GC-MS data with support for multiple vendors’ data. This comprehensive post-processing utility provides optimized workflows for sample-to-sample comparison, target component analysis, quantitation and library searching for data generated from any LC-MS and GC-MS platform. Using its proprietary algorithms to detect obscured components that existing software packages are unable to find without .....
AnalyzerPro XD
AnalyzerPro® XD is the latest version of our productivity software application now available with support for two dimensional chromatography.
Two-dimensional chromatography is a powerful analy­tical tool that has evolved from technology used mainly in the R&D laboratory to a robust commercially available soluti­on from several manufacturers.
The technology continues to evolve to address challenges in the analysis of complex samples...
RemoteAnalyzer
RemoteAnalyzer is the only open access software solution for today’s fast-paced laboratory. It is designed to operate and optimize the management of multiple locations, multiple types of analyses, multiple scientists of the entire skill set range as well as multiple instrument types from a variety of different vendors. See a case study from the University of Durham regarding their implementation. The walk-up ......
NIST 20 MS and MS/MS Libraries
The NIST/EPA/NIH Mass Spectral Library with Search Program is the standard MS spectra reference database. This library is available with version 2.4 of the full-featured NIST MS Search Program for Windows and includes ....