https://www.webscientific.co.uk/our-company-3/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home / Our Company / Privacy Policy
Our Company
Our Suppliers
Product Videos
Privacy Policy
GDPR Statement
Terms & Conditions
Cookies
Technical Support
This privacy policy sets out how Web Scientific Limited uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.
Web Scientific Limited is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Web Scientific Limited may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
When visiting webscientific.co.uk, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyse trends, administer the site, track user movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.  To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@webscientific.co.uk .
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held about you please contact us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at info@webscientific.co.uk. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Web Scientific is moving...You can now find all Web Scientific products on our parent company's site.www.thistlescientific.co.ukVisit the Site