http://www.psychoanalysis.org.uk/iopa-clinical-services-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Psychoanalytic HelpAbout Psychoanalytic HelpPsychoanalysts
Cost and Time
The Couch
Arranging to Meet a Psychoanalyst
Find an Analyst Near You
Clinical ServicesAbout our Clinics
London Clinic Consultations
Clinical Service North
Low Fee Psychoanalysis
Child and Adolescent Services
Our Privacy Policy
Contact Clinical Services
About usWho we are
Our Authors and TheoristsSigmund Freud
Ella Sharpe
Ernest Jones
Melanie Klein
Joan Riviere
Ronald Fairbairn
Marjorie Brierley
Anna Freud
Michael Balint
Donald Woods Winnicott
Wilfred Bion
Roger Money-Kyrle
Esther Bick
Adam (Amedeo) Limentani
Henri Rey
Herbert Rosenfeld
Charles Rycroft
Betty Joseph
Dinora Pines
Hanna Segal
Leslie Sohn
Eric Brenman
Donald Meltzer
Harold Stewart
Egle Laufer
Nina Coltart
Joseph Sandler
André Green
Moses Laufer
Ruth Riesenberg-Malcolm
Elizabeth Spillius
Edna O’Shaughnessy
Anne Marie Sandler
Ron Britton
Juliet Mitchell
John Steiner
Irma Brenman Pick
Patrick Casement
Neville Symington
Michael Feldman
Robert Hinshelwood
Christopher Bollas
Gregorio Kohon
Priscilla Roth
Ignês Sodré
Michael Parsons
Dana Birksted-Breen
Margot Waddell
David Tuckett
Jan Abram
Jonathan Sklar
Catalina Bronstein
David Bell
Rosine Perelberg
Peter Fonagy
Stephen Grosz
Daniel Pick
100 years of history
Our International PresenceCurrent International Events
Recent International Activities of our members
List of Society Members
Charity StatusEqual Opportunities
Sustainability
Ethics and Professional StandardsConcerns and Complaints
Connected Organisations
Press Contacts
Job Vacancies
EducationTraining with the Institute of PsychoanalysisAbout Our TrainingPersonal Training Analysis
Theoretical and Clinical Seminars
Supervised Psychoanalysis
The Experience of Training - Videos
Careers and Opportunities
Before You Apply
Training RoutesNew Entry Scheme
Applying to TrainFees
Northern Training
Regional Training
Overseas
Shorter CoursesThe Introductory Lectures
The Foundation Course
The Post-Foundation Course
Bespoke and E-Learning Courses
ResourcesLibraryAbout the Library
Books
Library Journal Holdings
Catalogue
Guide to BorrowingRequesting Documents and Books
Electronic Resources
Fees & Services
Our ArchivesView Archive Collections
Fees and Charges
Copyright and Citation Guidelines
Pearl King Archives Trust
Useful Links
Contact Us
PublicationsInternational Journal of Psychoanalysis
New LibraryNew Library Catalogue
PEP Web
The Psychoanalytic Ideas book series
ArticlesArticles
Book Club & ReviewsReviews
Evidence Base
Audio and VideoVideosEncounters Through Generations
Podcasts, Radio and TV
EventsEvents
Living through Lockdown - and Beyond
Film FestivalsHighlights from epff10
Highlights from epff9
Highlights from epff8
Highlights from epff7
Blog
Join our Mailing List
Home
Psychoanalytic Help
Clinical Services
IoPA Clinical Services Privacy Policy
About Psychoanalytic HelpPsychoanalysts
Cost and Time
The Couch
Arranging to Meet a Psychoanalyst
Find an Analyst Near You
Clinical ServicesAbout our Clinics
London Clinic Consultations
Clinical Service North
Low Fee Psychoanalysis
Child and Adolescent Services
Our Privacy Policy
Contact Clinical Services
IoPA Clinical Services Privacy Policy
Information Privacy and Cookies Policy
Last updated: 27th June 2018
Version: 1.3
Contents
1.      Introduction and general terms.
2.      Who are we?
3.      What information will the IoPA Clinical Services collect about me?
4.      How will the IoPA Clinical Services use the information it collects about me?
5.      When will the IoPA Clinical Services contact me?
6.      Will I be contacted for marketing purposes?
7.      Will the IoPA Clinical Services share my personal information with anyone else?.
8.      What if I am a user aged under 18?
9.      How long will the IoPA Clinical Services keep my personal information?
10.    Can I delete my data?.
11.    Can I find out what personal information the IoPA Clinical Services holds about me?
12.    Web browser cookies.
13.    Changes to IoPA Clinical Services’s Privacy and Cookies Policy.
14.    Contacting the IoPA Clinical Services about this Privacy and Cookies Policy.
Introduction and general terms
The Institute of Psychoanalysis Clinical Services (IoPA Clinical Services) is committed to protecting your personal information when you are using our services. We want our services to be safe environments for our stakeholders. This Privacy and Cookies Policy relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us by phone, SMS, email, in letters and other correspondence, in person and via the Institute of Psychoanalysis’ website (www.psychoanalysis.org.uk).
In order to provide you with the full range of services, we sometimes need to collect information about you.
This Privacy and Cookies Policy explains the following:
what information the IoPA Clinical Services may collect about you;
how the IoPA Clinical Services will use information we collect about you;
when the IoPA Clinical Services may use your details to contact you;
whether the IoPA Clinical Services will disclose your details to anyone else;
your choices regarding the personal information you provide to us;
the use of cookies on IoPA Clinical Services websites and how you can reject cookies.
The IoPA Clinical Services is committed to safeguarding your personal information. Whenever you provide such information, we are legally obliged to use your information in line with all applicable laws concerning the protection of personal information, including the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation (these laws are referred to collectively in this Privacy and Cookies Policy as the "data protection laws"). No website can be completely secure.
The IoPA Clinical Services are part of the British Psychoanalytical Society, incorporating the Institute of Psychoanalysis.  The web pages for IoPA Clinical Services are via the Institute of Psychoanalysis’ website (www.psychoanalysis.org.uk) which may contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties. These third party websites have their own privacy policies, and are also likely to use cookies, and we therefore urge you to review them. They will govern the use of personal information you submit when visiting these websites, which may also be collected by cookies. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
Who are we?
The ‘Institute of Psychoanalysis Clinical Services’ is a part of  the British Psychoanalytical Society, incorporating the Institute of Psychoanalysis.   IoPA Clinical Services consists of the London Clinic of Psychoanalysis Adult Service, the London Clinic of Psychoanalysis Child and Adolescent Service, and Clinical Service North.   We offer psychoanalytical services on a charitable, non-profit making basis.
Our online services
Information about the IoPA Clinical Services is on the Institute of Psychoanalysis’ website (www.psychoanalysis.org.uk) which is hosted by UKFast and managed by Hydrant.
What information will the IoPA Clinical Services collect about me?
Name, contact details and postal address in the first instance so that we can provide you with information to allow you to decide if you would like to use our services.  If you would, then we would be asking you to provide personal information about yourself and what brings you to wish to use our services.  In line with our clinical governance policy, so that we can provide our services responsibly and in your best interests, we would also ask you for details of your GP and of any relevant professional whom you have consulted previously.  We may ask you for permission to obtain reports from these other professionals where this is relevant.   Further information about you is likely to be noted by the Clinic in the course of any later interviews and meetings and collected into professional reports which would be held in your record in the Clinic.  All correspondence with you would be retained as part of your record.
How will the IoPA Clinical Services use the information it collects about me?
The IoPA Clincal Services will use your personal information to recommend and provide clinical services you, which may include obtaining reports about you, communicating with and about you with Clinic consultants and others working within the Clinical Services, and possibly external agencies and professionals, as well as holding a case record for you in line with this policy.
When will the IoPA Clinical Services contact me?
We would only contact you once you have indicated that you would like to have further information from us, and then subsequently for purposes of arranging appointments, writing to you with our recommendations or advice, concerning the payment of fees, and any other correspondence that may be necessary for us to responsibly provide you with appropriate care.  We may ask you if we may  contact you for purposes of auditing our services, for example asking you for feedback on our services.  You may opt out, at any point, from providing feedback.
Will I be contacted for marketing purposes?
You will only be sent information about our services if you have asked for these, and we will not contact you at some later date for marketing purposes or forward your information for marketing purposes to any other person or organization.
Will the IoPA Clinical Services share my personal information with anyone else?
We will keep your information within the IoPA Clinical Services except where in the exceptional circumstances where disclosure is required or permitted by law (for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies, including for child protection reasons).  If in the course of your being seen by one of our clinic consultants or honorary psychoanalysts there is significant concern for your safety or that of someone else, we may need to discuss with you contacting your GP, and would reserve the right to do so without your consent if the matter were serious and urgent.
How long will the IoPA Clinical Services keep my personal information?
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with the IoPA Clinical Services. If you ask us to delete your information then your personal information is deleted immediately, and the remaining information is anonymised for analytical purposes.  Usually, your information will be stored by the Clinic for up to 10 years from when you have last been seen by the Clinical Services (this is to provide a case history in the event you contact us again in the future) or up to 1 year if you have not been seen within our service.
NOTE that any data about you held in the IoPA Clinical Services is completely and entirely independent of the profile you may have within the British Psychoanalytical Society, incorporating the Institute of Psychoanalysis, so for example, if you have attended an event or visited the Institute of Psychoanalysis’ education pages, this would not show up in your Clinical Services data, and if you had used IoPA Clinical Services, your data would not show up or be available to the Institute of Psychoanalysis’ website.
Can I delete my data?
You can always ask us to delete your data. Find out how here.
If you wished for your data to be no longer held by the IoPA Clinical services paper and computer systems, you should contact the administrator (clinic@iopa.org.uk for London Clinic services, CSNorth@iopa.org.uk for Northern Service).  Because of the nature of much of the information we may hold about you, our clinical governance policy includes the provision that the Head of Service may recommend you to discuss what has led you to this request so that it can be reviewed with you, with your own best interests in mind, by a psychoanalytic clinician.  With or without such a review taking place, if you wished the paper files to be securely shredded and computer stored information to be deleted, we would undertake to carry this out within a 14 working day period.  If you wish to have you data deleted while being seen for consultation or psychoanalytic treatment we may have to terminate any services we are offering you.
Can I find out what personal information the IoPA Clinical Services holds about me?
Under the Data Protection Act you have the right to request a copy of the personal information the IoPA Clinical Services holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. (We require you to prove your identity with 2 pieces of approved identification). We will use reasonable efforts consistent with our legal duty to supply, correct or delete personal information about you on our files. Because of the nature of much of the information we may hold about you, our clinical governance policy includes the provision that the Head of Service may recommend you to discuss what has led you to this request so that it can be reviewed with you, with your own best interests in mind, by a psychoanalytic clinician.  Please address requests and questions about this or any other question about this Privacy and Cookies Policy to the Data Protection Lead.
Web browser cookies
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer, tablet or mobile phone (all referred to here as a "device") web browser from a website's computer and is stored on your device's hard drive. Each website can send its own cookie to your web browser if your browser's preferences allow it. Many websites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows. Similar technologies are also often used within emails to understand whether the email has been read or if any links have been clicked. If you continue without changing your settings, we’ll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the Institute of Psychoanalysis’ website. However, you can change your cookie settings at any time.
On the Institute of Psychoanalysis website, cookies record information about your online preferences and allow us to tailor our websites to your interests. During the course of any visit to an Institute of Psychoanalysis website, the pages you see, along with a cookie, are downloaded to your device. Many websites do this, because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the device (and probably its user) has visited the website before. This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there on the last visit.
How does the Institute of Psychoanalysis’ website  use cookies?
Information supplied by cookies can help us to understand the profile of our visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience. It also helps us to provide a more personalised experience. For example, if on a previous visit you went to our education pages, we might find this out from your cookie and highlight educational information on your second and subsequent visits. The Institute of Psychoanalysis uses this type of information to help improve the services it provides to its users.   More information on our cookie policy can be found here.
Changes to IoPA Clinical Services’s Privacy and Cookies Policy
This Privacy and Cookies Policy may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to the IoPA Clinical Services. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page. If you do not agree to these changes, please do not continue to use IoPA Clinical Services websites to submit personal information to the IoPA Clinical Services.
Contacting the IoPA Clinical Services about this Privacy and Cookies Policy
If you any questions or comments about this Privacy and Cookies
Policy please contact: The Data Protection Lead, Luke Perry, luke.perry@iopa.org.uk