https://www.greatpyramid.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Notice for the AIP
Our website address is: https://www.greatpyramid.org.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for https://www.greatpyramid.org
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. We collect no data in any hidden way.  The only data we collect is from forms you freely fill out on this site or email communications you choose to share with us.  We give this information to no one else. We use it only to communicate with you about the interest we have in the Great Pyramid and related matters. We will never share your information with any third party outside of our organization, except in a situation where you are ordering something from us that is being shipped from somewhere else.  We may sometimes contact you about information related to the Great Pyramid, but will remove you from our communications at any time you request it.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given below:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 224-407-2416 or via email at info@greatpyramid.org