http://www.savetheorangutan.co.uk/about-us/cookies-privacy-policy
Data Protection Policy
Definitions
"Charity" means Save the Orangutan, a registered charity.
"GDPR" means the General Data Protection Regulation.
"Responsible Person" means Save the Orangutan's Managing Director.
"Register of Systems" means a register of all systems or contexts in which personal data is processed by the Charity.
Data protection principles
The Charity is committed to processing data in accordance with its responsibilities under the GDPR. Article 5 of the GDPR requires that personal data shall be:
processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner in relation to individuals;
collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes; further processing for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes shall not be considered to be incompatible with the initial purposes;
adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed;
accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; every reasonable step must be taken to ensure that personal data that are inaccurate, having regard to the purposes for which they are processed, are erased or rectified without delay;
kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed; personal data may be stored for longer periods insofar as the personal data will be processed solely for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes subject to implementation of the appropriate technical and organisational measures required by the GDPR in order to safeguard the rights and freedoms of individuals; and
processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organisational measures.”
General provisions
This policy applies to all personal data processed by the Charity.
The Responsible Person shall take responsibility for the Charity’s ongoing compliance with this policy.
This policy shall be reviewed at least annually.
The Charity shall register with the Information Commissioner’s Office as an organisation that processes personal data.
Lawful, fair and transparent processing
To ensure its processing of data is lawful, fair and transparent, the Charity shall maintain a Register of Systems.
The Register of Systems shall be reviewed at least annually.
Individuals have the right to access their personal data and any such requests made to the charity shall be dealt with in a timely manner.
Lawful purposes
All data processed by the charity must be done on one of the following lawful bases: consent, contract, legal obligation, vital interests, public task or legitimate interests (see ICO guidance for more information).
The Charity shall note the appropriate lawful basis in the Register of Systems.
Where consent is relied upon as a lawful basis for processing data, evidence of opt-in  consent shall be kept with the personal data.
Where communications are sent to individuals based on their consent, the option for the individual to revoke their consent should be clearly available and systems should be in place to ensure such revocation is reflected accurately in the Charity’s systems.
Data minimisation
The Charity shall ensure that personal data are adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed.
Accuracy
The Charity shall take reasonable steps to ensure personal data is accurate.
Where necessary for the lawful basis on which data is processed, steps shall be put in place to ensure that personal data is kept up to date.
Archiving / removal
To ensure that personal data is kept for no longer than necessary, the Charity shall put in place an archiving policy for each area in which personal data is processed and review this process annually.
The archiving policy shall consider what data should/must be retained, for how long, and why.
Security
The Charity shall ensure that personal data is stored securely using modern software that is kept-up-to-date.
Access to personal data shall be limited to personnel who need access and appropriate security should be in place to avoid unauthorised sharing of information.
When personal data is deleted this should be done safely such that the data is irrecoverable.
Appropriate back-up and disaster recovery solutions shall be in place.
Breach
In the event of a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, personal data, the Charity shall promptly assess the risk to people’s rights and freedoms and if appropriate report this breach to the ICO (more information on the ICO website).
Updated September 2018
Cookie Policy
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to improve website users' experience. Where applicable, savetheorangutan.org uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer/device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user's computer/device.
Cookies are small files saved to the user's computer storage that track, save and store information about the user's interactions and usage of the website. This permits the website to provide the users with a tailored experience within the website.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google's privacy policy here for further information
http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
Other cookies may be stored to your computers hard drive by external parties (e.g. Facebook, Twitter) and are governed by their respective cookie/privacy policies.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that Save the Orangutan participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate/engage with them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. Save the Orangutan will never ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
Savetheorangutan.org may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Shortened Links in Social Media
This website and its owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default some social media platforms shorten lengthy urls (web addresses, e.g.: http://owl.ly/abc123).
Users are advised to take caution and good judgement before clicking any shortened urls published on social media platforms by this website and its owners. Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine urls are published many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore Save the Orangutan cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.
Updated September 2018