http://www.yni.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Legal & Privacy Information
Combined Shape Copy
Created with Sketch.
NatureBridge does not sell or distribute personal information and only uses collected data for NatureBridge communications.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter, fill out a form, or make a donation.
When visiting our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, email address, mailing address, phone number, or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product, or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway provider's database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website's privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. This policy was last modified on August 31, 2009.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
By mail:
NatureBridge
1033 Fort Cronkhite
Sausalito, CA 94965
By email:
info@naturebridge.org
By phone:
415-992-4700
Subscribe to
Field Notes
Sign up for our monthly newsletter for updates about how we are connecting young people to the wonder and science of the natural world.
Email Address
Sign Up
×