http://www.theknowledgeworld.com/privacy-policy.htm
A Great Place to find information, answers, pictures and
knowledge
Home -
Privacy Policy
The privacy of our visitors is important to us. We use third party
advertisements to support our website. We use third-party advertising
companies (such as Google through the Google Adsense Program) to serve ads
when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not
including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your
visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about
goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information
about this practice and to know your choices about not having this
information used by these companies, click
here.friendly link
Wholesale MLB Jerseys Free Shipping Online Nike Air Force 1 Flyknit Sale fireshoes.cc Bags For Sale Online Timberland 6 inch Boots Levi's Air Jordan 4 Denim Herve Leger Women's Swimwear adidas Originals NMD XR1 Shoes Cheap Off-White Shoes Sale Cheap Beats by Dr. Dre Headphones
Google,
as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this website. Google's
use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our website users based on
their visit to our websites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt
out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google
ad and content network privacy policy.
The DoubleClick
DART cookie is
used by Google in the ads served on this website. When users visit Adsense
publisher website like this one, a cookie may be dropped on that end users
browser.
Some of
these third party advertisers may use cookies or web beacons which may send
these advertisers information like your IP address, the browser you used to
visit this website, your ISP. You
can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party
cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in your
computer's security programs, such as Norton or McAfee. However, this can
affect how you are able to interact with this website as well as other
websites.
©
2010 - 2011 www.theknowledgeworld.com
Home |
Privacy Policy |
Sitemap | Contact Us