http://www.krellinst.org/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Privacy Statement
Krell Institute Privacy Statement
This privacy statement discloses the website privacy practices of the Krell Institute (“Krell”). It outlines the types of information gathered from site visitors and explains how each type of information is used.
If you are a fellow in a Krell-administered program, you may view additional information relevant to your situation in the Krell Fellowship Privacy Statement.
Information Collection and Usage: Krell is the sole owner of the information collected on its sites. Krell will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in any way that differs from what is disclosed in this statement. Krell collects both anonymous and personal information from our users at several different points on its websites. The information is collected and used in the following ways:
1. Krell may incidentally collect non-personal identification information through the use of "cookies" and/or Internet Protocol ("IP") address logging. Cookies are small text files a website can use to facilitate a user’s ongoing access to and use of a website. Non-personal identification information might include the browser used by the user, the type of computer, the operating systems, the Internet service providers, or other similar information. This information is gathered as part of normal HTTP protocol exchange and is not intentionally collected by Krell. Krell sites may also gather information about the content the user retrieves, the origin of retrieval requests, and about the links the user selects from within its sites to other sites. This information is logged for diagnostic and statistical purposes only, and is not used to identify any particular user.
This information may be used on an aggregate basis to provide information that is useful in developing new features, services, and content.
2. Krell sites may use registration forms, application forms, and online surveys that require the submission of contact information (such as name and e-mail address) and unique identifiers (such as a password or username).
Krell uses contact information from these forms to send information, registration confirmations, and promotional material from Krell.
Unique identifiers are collected only to verify your identity and control access to secure content.
3. Krell does not collect or retain any credit card information.
If credit card payments are required, Krell will contract a PCI DSS compliant, trusted third party to process such transactions.
4. Krell may release information that has been collected to law enforcement authorities when required by law.
In such cases, only the exact information requested will be released.
Security: Krell employs transport layer security (TLS/SSL), an industry standard protocol used to provide data encryption, on pages and areas where personal, confidential, or sensitive data is collected. TLS/SSL are used to protect information transmitted from your computer to Krell, allowing for safe transmission over the Internet.
Other Sites: Users will find content on Krell sites that links to the sites of third parties. These third-party sites might have their own privacy policies or no policy at all. The Krell Privacy Policy cannot apply to these other sites. Krell has no control over and is not responsible for the content displayed on such sites, nor over the measures, if any, that are taken by such sites to protect the privacy of user information. Users should verify the privacy policy and security of any third party site before providing personal, confidential, or sensitive information.
Public Forums: Krell may provide interactive forums, chat rooms, news groups, bulletin boards and other interactive areas ("Interactive Areas") on the site. If you use any of the Interactive Areas, you are solely responsible for your own communications and the consequences of posting those communications. Krell does not assume any responsibility for the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any material posted on any Interactive Area, or for the consequences of any Interactive Area communications on or arising from use of the site. Likewise, Krell does not assume any responsibility for messages posted on its sites and forwarded to third parties. IN CASES WHERE YOU FEEL THREATENED OR BELIEVE SOMEONE ELSE IS IN DANGER, YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY IMMEDIATELY.
Krell reserves the right, but is not obligated, to record the dialogue in Interactive Areas. Krell does not screen communications in advance and is not responsible for screening or monitoring material posted by users, or any other person or entity. If notified by a user of communication(s) which are allegedly improper, Krell may, but is not obligated to, investigate the allegation and determine at its sole discretion to remove or request the removal of the communication(s). Krell reserves the right but is not obligated to remove or edit communications posted on its sites without notice. In addition to the removal rights described above, Krell reserves the right to terminate a user's access to any or all Interactive Areas at any time, with or without notice, in the exercise of its sole discretion.
Krell may also remove content when requested by law enforcement authorities, or upon receiving notification of copyright infringement.
Opting Out: Due to the nature of the HTTP protocol, it is not possible to opt out of collection of information about a user’s network location and client computer.
Messages posted in public forums, such as message boards, might also not be feasible to delete. However, you may request that we delete your e-mail address and other information from or update your personal information in any of our web applications by visiting Contact Us.
Notice: We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time based on your comments and our need to accurately reflect our data collection and disclosure practices.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact Krell by visiting
Contact Us.