http://www.enviromission.com.au/irm/content/privacy.aspx?RID=289
Home >
Footer > Privacy
Privacy
Site Map
Search
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us so Enviromission Limited takes all reasonable steps to protect the personal information we hold from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to this site, so we do not collect personal identifying information from users unless they provide it to us knowingly and voluntarily.
Our website does not use 'Cookies' - pieces of information that a website can transfer to an individual's computer hard drive for record keeping, although some other websites linked to ours may do so. Enviromission Limited is not responsible for the data policies, procedures or content of these other websites. When you link to another site you have left our site and are therefore subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
We collect and store some information automatically regarding your visit to our website. As most websites do, we may gather anonymous information about you, including details of your operating system, data, time of visit, pages visited, documents downloaded, browser version, domain name and IP address as well as the details of the website you came from. This information is used to facilitate troubleshooting on our website and to further improve our service to you.
We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal data including use of encryption technology, but cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose online. You accept the inherent security implications of dealing online over the Internet and will not hold Enviromission Limited responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent or in willful default.
You may choose to provide us with personal information such as when you send an e-mail with a comment or question. We use this information to fulfill your request. When you provide any personal identifying information to us, you communicate that you are knowingly and voluntarily providing us the information.
To make use of certain features on our website visitors may also need to register using an online form and to provide certain information for the purposes of receiving newsletters or information about seminars and other events. To provide you with this information or service we require certain essential information, such as contact details, which are indicated with an asterix (*) on the form. All other information requested is purely voluntary. We use the customer contact information from these forms to send you information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. You may cancel any such request for mailings at any time by sending an e-mail request to the address shown on the relevant mailing.
Information and data submitted to this site may be transferred to internal Enviromission Limited sites and to controlled entities of Enviromission Limited to expedite our response to you. We will not sell, rent, lease, trade or otherwise disclose the personal identifying information you provide to anyone outside of Enviromission Limited.
Enviromission Limited reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or to lessen a serious threat to a person's health or safety. We also reserve the right to update and make changes to this Privacy Statement and to materially change our practices in handling information, including personal identifiable information. If we do make such changes, you will be notified at this location. Our use of information will be subject to the Privacy Statement in effect at the time of use. Enviromission Limited is bound by the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988.
Disclaimer
While Enviromission Limited endeavors to provide accurate material on its website, it gives no warranty concerning the accuracy of the material provided by this service. Enviromission Limited reserves the right to change information without notice.