https://www.energysavingtrust.org.uk/website-terms-conditions-use
Website Terms & Conditions of use | Energy Saving Trust
Skip to main content
Business
Resources
Blog
About us
Sort by
RelevanceDate createdAlphabetical
Sort by
RelevanceDate createdAlphabetical
Menu
Search
Renewable Energy
Renewable Energy Homepage
Electricity
Solar panels
Wind turbines
Hydro
Offgrid
Micro-CHP
Heat
Biomass
Ground source heat pumps
Air source heat pumps
Solar water heating
Thermal stores
Energy storage
Installation
Renewable Heat Incentive
Consumer protection
Home Insulation
Home Insulation Homepage
Roof and loft
Cavity wall
Green Homes Grant Scheme
Insulating tanks
Floor
Solid wall
Draught-proofing
Damp and condensation solutions
Home Energy Efficiency
Home Energy Efficiency Homepage
Energy saving quick wins
Boiler replacement
Energy Efficient Windows
Energy Performance Certificates
Energy efficiency in flats
Heating and hot water
Smart meters
Saving water
Switching utilities
Home appliances
Thermostats and controls
Lighting
Innovations in home energy
Financial support
Home Improvements Guide
EST Register
Transport
Transport Homepage
Fleet
Fleet Management Toolkit
Fleet support
Fleet Heroes
Ecodriving
Driving advice
Subsidised Ecodriving Training
Freight and retrofit
Clean Vehicle Retrofit Accreditation Scheme (CVRAS)
Non-road mobile machinery (NRMM) certification
Freight Portal
eCargo Bike Grant Fund
Electric vans and ecargo bikes
Local authorities
Local Government Support Programme
On-street Residential Chargepoint Scheme
Developing an electric vehicle charging infrastructure
Electric cars and vehicles
Electric vehicles
Charging electric vehicles
Electricity tariffs for electric vehicles
Buying a second-hand electric car or van
Programme Delivery
Business Homepage
GB-wide programmes
Scottish programmes
English programmes
Welsh programmes
Northern Irish programmes
International programme delivery
Scotland
Scotland Homepage
Home Energy Scotland
Reduce my bills
Go green and save
Make my home warmer
Find funding
Latest news
Contact us
Businesses and Organisations
Affordable Warmth Partnerships
Employee engagement
Transport
Green Economy Fund
Supply Chain
Landlords
Social housing
Data Services
Communities
Grants and Loans
Tools and Calculators
Business
Resources
Blog
About us
You are here
Home
Website Terms & Conditions of use
DATE UPDATED: 24 July 2019
1. Introduction
Please read these website terms of use carefully. These terms tell you the rules for using the following websites:
https://www.energysavingtrust.org.uk
https://business.energysavingtrust.org.uk/
http://fleetheroes.org.uk/
https://thefreightportal.org/
https://energyredress.org.uk
The above sites are together referred to in these terms as the "Site". The Site is operated by Energy Saving Trust of 30 North Colonnade, Canary Wharf, London E14 5GP ("we", "us" or "our"). To contact us about these terms, please email contentmangementgroup@est.org.uk.
2. These Terms
By accessing and using the Site, you accept these terms and agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these terms, you must immediately stop using our Site.
These terms refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of the Site. Please ensure you read through each of these additional terms.
our Privacy policy; and
our Cookie policy.
We may update these terms from time to time. The date they were last updated will be shown on the top of the page.
3. Our Site
Our Site is only for users in the United Kingdom and we de do not guarantee that content available on, or through, our Site is appropriate for use or available in other locations. You are responsible for complying with local laws and regulations of the country from which you access this Site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our Site, we do not guarantee in any way that the information on our Site is accurate, complete or up to date. The Site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. We will endeavour to correct any errors that are brought to our attention. Please email contentmanagementgroup@est.org.uk to notify us of any errors.
We do not guarantee that our Site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend, withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our Site for business and operational reasons.
We do not guarantee that our Site will be free of errors, bugs or viruses. You are responsible for your own virus protection software.
You may not knowingly misuse our Site by introducing viruses, Trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to attack or gain unauthorised access to our Site, the service on which it is stored or any service, computer or database connected to our Site. If you are in breach of this term, this would be a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990 and we will take this breach seriously by reporting it to the relevant law enforcement authorities.
We have the right to suspend or permanently block your access to this Site or any portion of it without prior notice.
Please be aware our Site may from time to time include legal and/or other notices for the attention of some or all Site users. It is your responsibility to view and/or comply with any notices displayed.
4. The content on our Site
We are the owner (or licensee) of all intellectual property rights in our Site and all materials published on it including, but not limited to, the design, logos, graphics, text, any underlying software code, tools or software available for download on the Site, the organisation and layout of the Site, icons and images (all referred to collectively as the "Content"). The Content is protected by copyright laws and may only be used by you in accordance with these terms.
Additional restrictions may apply where the Content is owned or copyright by a third party and where this is the case, we will indicate this on the Site.
If necessary, we will enforce our intellectual property rights to the fullest extent permitted by the law and this may include criminal prosecution.
You are strictly prohibited from using any Content, except as provided in these terms, without our prior written permission.
5. Your use of the Site
You can use the Site (and its Contents) under the following conditions:
You may use our Site and Content for informational, non-commercial, non-profitable and personal use only but you must not modify, in print or digitally, any materials that you have printed or downloaded from our Site in any way.
You must not use our Site or any Content for any commercial purposes (including, without limitation, to copy, sell, reproduce, republish, make available to the public, etc.) without first obtaining our written permission and as necessary, obtaining a licence to do so from us and/or our licensors.
Content within any news or opinion sections of the Site may be reproduced solely for editorial purposes in daily newspapers, general circulation news magazines, trade publications and broadcast media provided that our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of any Content is always acknowledged.
You may not create a database in electronic or structured manual form by systematically downloading and storing any Content.
You will not use the Site (or any of its Content) in connection with, or post or transmit any, infringing, threatening, false, misleading, abusive, harassing, discriminatory, liable to incite racial hatred, libellous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, indecent, scandalous, offensive, inflammatory, blasphemous, pornographic, or profane material or material in breach of confidence or privacy.
If any part of our Site requires you to create login account with a password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You are responsible for keeping such information secure and not disclosing it with any third party.
You agree that if you share anything on our Site, you will retain ownership of your content but you will allow us to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties. If the information shared consists of your personal data, we will use it in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Any permission we give you, or any rights you have, under these terms may be revoked by us at any time.
6. Linking to our Site
You may only link to our Site if you comply with these terms and if you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way that in any way suggests any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our Site on any site not owned by you.
Our Site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our Site other than the home page.
You must inform us in advance of the link, and if under any circumstances, we request you to discontinue linking to our Site, you must do so immediately.
7. Privacy
Any personal data (for example, your name, address, telephone number or email address) that you transmit to the Site via a form, web tool, email or otherwise will be used by Energy Saving Trust in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Cookie policy. We advise you to read our privacy policy as it set out what personal data we collect, how we use it, how it is shared with other parties and what rights you have.
You guarantee that you are entitled to receive emails at any email address or contact details you provide us for that purpose, even if it is hosted or owned by a third party, such as your employer, educational establishment or other third party. You also agree that we may stop sending any emails to such address without notifying you, even if you have subscribed to receive them or any other service, if we receive a request from your employer, educational establishment or other third party to stop using that address.
8. Links to third party web sites
The Site may contain links to websites owned or operated by parties other than Energy Saving Trust. These links are provided for your convenience only. If you use these links, you may leave the Site or, alternatively, the link and third party website content may be framed within this Site. These links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those links or the information you may obtain from them. We are not responsible for any content on third party sites and have no control over the content of those sites.
9. Liability
Energy Saving Trust shall not have any liability or responsibility whatsoever and howsoever arising for any Content or information provided (or not provided) on this Site.
Information provided by third parties for use on the Site (including through any forums or discussions) is done so without any verification by Energy Saving Trust and we accept no liability in respect of such information.  Any opinions expressed by third parties on this Site are not necessarily the opinions of Energy Saving Trust.
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our Site or any Content on it, to the fullest extent allowed by law.
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
•        use of, or inability to use, our Site; or
•        use of or reliance on any content displayed on our Site.
In particular, we will not be liable for:
•        loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
•        business interruption;
•        loss of anticipated savings;
•        loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
•        any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
Energy Saving Trust is not liable for any costs for the servicing, repair or correction of equipment, software or data resulting from your use of this Site.
If you are dissatisfied with any portion of this Site, your sole and exclusive remedy is to stop using it.
10. General
Nothing in the Content within the Site or materials accessed via the Site, other than these terms, is intended to form any binding contract. In particular, notes on products, services and the like are stated on an 'invitation to treat' basis (i.e. they are not offers which will become binding upon purported acceptance by you) and are 'subject to availability'.
If Energy Saving Trust decides to waive any breach of obligation arising under these terms, that does not mean that Energy Saving Trust has waived any other breach or any future breaches. All rights and remedies under these terms are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law or by any other agreement.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any term of or any right arising pursuant to this agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms or rights.
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and us as a result of these terms or your use of this Site.
These terms and your use of the Site shall be governed by English Law and the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction in relation to any dispute relating thereto.
© Energy Saving Trust 2019 All rights reserved
July 2019
- Any -Black Taxi-LTI--TX1---All (Black Taxi)--TX2---All (Black Taxi)--TX4---All (Black Taxi)Bus-ADL--ADL Enviro 200---Cummins ISBe 4.5 litre Euro IV & V---Cummins ISBe 5.9 litre Euro III--ADL Enviro 300---Scania DC901 9.3 litre Euro III, IV & V---Volvo D7C 7.3 litre Euro III & IV---Volvo D7E 7.1 litre Euro IV & V--ADL Enviro 400---Cummins ISBe 6.7 litre Euro IV & V---Scania DC9 9.0 litre Euro IV & V---Volvo D9B 9.4 litre Euro IV & V--ADL Enviro 400H---Cummins ISBe 4.5 litre Euro V---Volvo D5E/D5F 4.8 litre Euro V--Enviro 400S (Scania)---Scania DC901 9.3 litre Euro III, IV & V-Alexander (Transbus) Dennis--ALX 400---Volvo D7C 7.3 litre Euro III & IV-Dennis--Dart---Cummins ISBe 3.9 litre Euro III--Trident---Cummins ISCe 8.3 litre Euro III-East Lancs--Myllennium Vyking---Volvo D7C 7.3 litre Euro III--Vyking---Volvo D7C 7.3 litre Euro III-MCV--DD103 (Volvo B9TL)---Volvo D9B 9.4 litre Euro IV & V--Evolution---Volvo D7E 7.1 litre Euro IV & V--EvoSeti (Volvo B5LH)---Volvo D5E/D5F 4.8 litre Euro V--EvoSeti (Volvo B5TL)---Volvo D5K 5.1 litre Euro V & VI-Mercedes Benz--Citaro O530---Mercedes Benz OM457LA 12.0 litre Euro V---Mercedes Benz OM906LA Euro IV---Mercedes Benz OM906LA Euro V---Mercedes Benz OM926LA 7.2litre Euro V-Optare--Metrocity---Cummins ISBe 6.7 litre Euro IV & V---Mercedes Benz OM904LA
Euro IV & V---Mercedes Benz OM904LA
Euro IV & V--Solo---Cummins ISBe 4.5 litre Euro IV & V---Cummins ISBe 6.7 litre Euro IV & V---Mercedes Benz OM904LA
Euro IV & V--Solo SR---Mercedes Benz OM904LA
Euro IV & V--Versa---Cummins ISBe 4.5 litre Euro IV & V---Cummins ISBe 6.7 litre Euro IV & V---Mercedes Benz OM904LA
Euro IV & V-Optare (East Lancs)--Esteem---Volvo D7E 7.1 litre Euro IV & V-Plaxton--Centro---Volvo D7E 7.1 litre Euro IV & V--President---Volvo D7C 7.3 litre Euro III & IV-Scania--Citywide---Scania DC901 9.3 litre Euro III, IV & V--L94---Scania DC901 9.3 litre Euro III, IV & V--N94UD OmniDekker---Scania DC9 9.0 litre Euro III--Omnicity---Scania DC901 9.3 litre Euro III, IV & V-VDL (Bus)--DB300---Cummins ISBe 6.7 litre Euro IV & V--SB200---Cummins ISBe 6.7 litre Euro IV & V-Volvo (Bus)--B5LH---Volvo D5E/D5F 4.8 litre Euro V--B7RLE---Volvo D7C 7.3 litre Euro III---Volvo D7E 7.1 litre Euro IV & V--B7TL---Volvo D7C 7.3 litre Euro III---Volvo D7E 7.1 litre Euro IV & V--B9TL---Volvo D9B 9.4 litre Euro IV & V-WrightBus--Eclipse Commuter (Volvo B7RLE)---Volvo D7C 7.1 litre Euro IV & V--Eclipse Gemini---Volvo D7C 7.1 litre Euro IV & V--Eclipse Metro (Volvo B7RLE)---Volvo D7C 7.1 litre Euro IV & V--Eclipse Urban (Volvo B7RLE)---Volvo D7C 7.1 litre Euro IV & V--Gemini II (VDL DB300)---Cummins ISBe 6.7 litre Euro IV & V--New Routemaster---Cummins ISBe 4.5 litre Euro V--Streetlite---Cummins ISBe 4.5 litre Euro IV & V---Cummins ISBe 6.7 litre Euro IV & VHGV-DAF--LF Series 7.5t -18t---All variants-Isuzu--5.5t - 13.5t-Iveco--Eurocargo 6.5t - 18t-MAN--TGL 7t - 12t--TGM 13t - 26t--TGS 34t---All variants-Mercedes Benz--Atego 1318---Rigid----Mercedes Benz OM904LA 4.25 litre Euro IV & V--Atego 1322---Rigid----Mercedes Benz OM924LA 4.8 litre Euro IV & V--Atego 1324---Rigid----Mercedes Benz OM906LA 6.37 litre Euro IV & V--Atego 1329---Rigid----Mercedes Benz OM906LA 6.37 litre Euro IV & V--Atego 1518---Rigid----Mercedes Benz OM904LA 4.25 litre Euro IV & V--Atego 1522---Rigid----Mercedes Benz OM924LA 4.8 litre Euro IV & V--Atego 1524---Rigid----Mercedes Benz OM906LA 6.37 litre Euro IV & V--Atego 1526---Rigid----Mercedes Benz OM906LA 6.37 litre Euro IV & V--Atego 1529---Rigid----Mercedes Benz OM906LA 6.37 litre Euro IV & V--Axor 1824---Mercedes Benz OM906LA 6.37 litre Euro V--Axor 1829---Mercedes Benz OM906LA 6.37 litre Euro V--Axor 1833---Mercedes Benz OM926LA 7.2 litre Euro V-Renault--Midlum 12t - 18t---Volvo D7E 7.1 litre Euro IV & V--Premium 12t - 18t---Volvo D7E 7.1 litre Euro IV & V-Volvo--FE Series 12t -18t---Volvo D7E 7.1 litre Euro IV & V--FL Series 12t - 18t---Volvo D7E 7.1 litre Euro IV & VMinibus-Nissan--NV400---Renault M9 2299cc 74-120kW Euro 5-Renault--Master---Renault M9 2299cc 74-120kW Euro 5-Vauxhall--Movano---Renault M9 2299cc 74-120kW Euro 5-Volkswagen--T5 Transporter---VW 1968cc 62-103kW Euro 5Motorhome-Nissan--NV400---Renault M9 2299cc 74-120kW Euro 5-Renault--Master---Renault M9 2299cc 74-120kW Euro 5-Vauxhall--Movano---Renault M9 2299cc 74-120kW Euro 5-Volkswagen--T5 Transporter---VW 1968cc 62-103kW Euro 5Van-Nissan--NV400---Renault M9 2299cc 74-120kW Euro 5-Renault--Master---Renault M9 2299cc 74-120kW Euro 5-Vauxhall--Movano---Renault M9 2299cc 74-120kW Euro 5-Volkswagen--T5 Transporter---VW 1968cc 62-103kW Euro 5Coach-Bova--Futura---DAF PR265 9.2 litre Euro IV-Caetano-Irizar--Century---Scania DC13 13.0 litre Euro IV and V--i6---DAF PR265 9.2 litre Euro IV & V--Levante---Scania DC13 13.0 litre Euro IV and V--PB---Scania DC13 13.0 litre Euro IV and V-Irizar (Scania K360)--Scania K360---Scania D9 9 litre Euro IV and V-Mercedes Benz--Tourismo---Mercedes Benz OM457LA 12 litre Euro V-Scania--OmniExpress---Scania DC13 13.0 litre Euro IV and V-Temsa--Safari HD---DAF PR265 9.2 litre Euro IV & V--Safari RD---DAF PR265 9.2 litre Euro IV & V-VDL (Coach)--Futura---DAF PR265 9.2 litre Euro IV & V-Volvo (Coach)--B9R---Volvo D9B 9.4 litre Euro IV & VRefuse Collection Vehicle-Dennis Eagle--Elite II---Volvo D7C 7.1 litre Euro V-Mercedes Benz--Econic---Mercedes Benz
6.4 litre Euro VNRMM (Construction Machinery)-All (NRMM)--All (NRMM)---All (NRMM)
About us
Business
Contact us
Careers
Modern anti-slavery statement
News & Opinion
Our policy work
Our calculations
Corporate social responsibility
Our people
Resources
Tools and calculators
Our research
Publications
Case studies
Grants and loans
Energywire newsletter
Visit us at
Blog topics
Energy and water efficiency at home
Energy labelling
Green strategy and politics
International
Lighting
Local and community energy
Products and technology
Transport
© Energy Saving Trust 2020
Website Terms & Conditions of use
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Sitemap