http://www.gcsaa.org/privacy-statement
Login
or
Join GCSAA
Logout
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy policy
The Golf Course Superintendents Association of America (GCSAA) has adopted this Privacy Policy to govern the collection, use, and storage of data. (“GCSAA,” “We” or “Us”, as used in this Privacy Policy, may include GCSAA subsidiaries and affiliated entities.) GCSAA respects the privacy of its members and other visitors to its website.
By accessing our website or providing your information to us, you accept and agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. As part of this Privacy Policy, the following provides a more detailed explanation of how the information provided to us is used and displayed on the GCSAA website.
Information collection and use
GCSAA is the sole owner of information collected on its website. GCSAA uses the information to offer special services, to facilitate the flow of information between GCSAA and its users, to support and improve the association's programming, and to help keep the association's database systems current. All personal information collected on the website is provided voluntarily via the submission of the various applications, surveys, forms and other online services located throughout the site.
Examples of information collected and used by GCSAA includes: name, address, email, telephone/cell phone number, fax number, date of birth, gender, credit card (encrypted) and other payment details, US citizenship, job title, employer/related organizations, ADA needs, previous employment (including date ranges), previous titles, graduation date, cumulative GPA, state pesticide license number, designations, distinctions/honors, offices held, activities (school/college, club, community involvement), social media/instant messaging handles, websites, communication preferences and activity, communication opt-outs, website login (password encrypted), life insurance beneficiary information (including name, relationship to member, date of birth), spouse and dependent birthdates (age verification for GIS registration), affiliated chapter membership and status, compensation and benefit information, golf handicap, shirt size, and any other data that could directly or indirectly identify you in the course of doing business with GCSAA.
Usage tracking
GCSAA analyzes its Web server logs to track the site's usage patterns and gauge its performance. Although the server automatically tracks the visitor's domain name to determine the site's overall number of visitors, no attempt is made to correlate that information with individual users.
GCSAA releases limited aggregate site data for marketing and informational purposes. In addition to distributing general site statistics, this includes providing the number of views and clicks on particular pages or advertisements to sponsors and advertisers.
Additionally, some HTML email communications are designed to track page views and clicks in order to gauge their performance and determine response rates. This data appears only in aggregate form and no personally identifiable information is collected.
Legal disclaimer
Although we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our site.
Registration and personalization
In order to gain access to certain features on the site, users must submit a registration form. GCSAA members must only submit their member numbers and email addresses, as well as a self-selected username and password. However, users who are not members of GCSAA will also select a username and password, and must provide additional personal information, such as name, contact information and affiliation with the golf course management industry, to create a database record for the individual. Registration information is stored in GCSAA's database system, though passwords are always encrypted. No one but the user has access to his/her individual password information.
For their convenience, users may select to be automatically logged into the site upon each visit. Users should note that if they select this option, any individual with access to their computer would have viewing rights to any personal information displayed within the site. GCSAA recommends that users log out of the site at the end of each session if they have any concerns about privacy, or are using a computer in a public place.
In addition, to optimize the site for GCSAA's users, certain areas of the site are personalized upon login. The information used to provide this personalized content is based on the data contained in the user's individual GCSAA record. To review or update any of this information, please contact GCSAA at 800-472-7878.
Disclosures to third parties
Membership directory
GCSAA makes member contact information available to other members through the online membership directory. If they wish, members may opt out of having their contact information (email, phone, address) shown in the directory by calling GCSAA at 800-472-7878
Discussion forums and chat rooms
Registered GCSAA members have access to several online discussion forums. Upon entering these areas, members are identified by their first and last names and email addresses. It should be kept in mind that any personal information disclosed in these areas can be collected and used by others. At the same time, members may also receive unsolicited messages from other parties as a result of participation in these areas.
Task groups, committees and other working groups
Contact information may also be made available on the GCSAA website for members of the GCSAA Board of Directors, GCSAA committees, task groups and other groups associated with GCSAA, particularly in cases where the group encourages input from the greater golf course management community. In addition, GCSAA creates listservers for many of these groups to facilitate communication among their members.
List services
For its industry clients, GCSAA offers several paid list services. Through these services, clients may obtain mailing information for individuals and facilities in GCSAA's database that match a requested demographic set (such as facility type, number of holes, region, title, etc.). This contact information may include an individual's name, title, facility name and preferred mailing address and is intended for the purposes of creating a mailing list or maintaining a customer database. However, email addresses are not provided with this service.
National Golf Foundation (NGF)
GCSAA works closely with NGF to ensure golf facility data is accurately reflected in our database.
Data is shared between GCSAA and NGF on a quarterly basis, but could occur more frequently if a specific need arises.
In return for facility information, GCSAA provides NGF with member ID, name, and membership status as part of the data transfer.
Online ordering
The GCSAA website houses several areas in which GCSAA products and services may be purchased. All GCSAA Internet transactions are handled through a secure server, and credit card information is never transferred via confirmation emails. Though it cannot guarantee the security of any third-party site, GCSAA as a practice works to ensure that any external site used for ordering GCSAA products and services adheres to the appropriate standards for security and privacy.
Use of cookies
GCSAA uses several cookies to enhance the online experience for its registered users. Cookies are files that contain information created by a Web server that can be stored on the user's hard disk either during a particular session (a "per-session" cookie) or for routine use (a "persistent" cookie).
GCSAA uses a persistent cookie to store the user's login status and personalization preferences. Per-session cookies are used to validate a user's access to the GCSAA discussion forums and to save the user's shopping cart in selected areas of the site. Users who have concerns about storing cookies on their computers should instruct their browsers to accept only per-session cookies, but will need to log into the site each time they visit. At the same time, users who choose not to accept cookies may not be able to experience all areas of the site.
Use of email addresses
Because GCSAA is a professional membership organization, GCSAA will use the email addresses provided to it to notify constituents of special announcements, new online services, or other products and services offered by the association. GCSAA also regularly distributes several email newsletters to its constituents. GCSAA is sensitive to the concerns of its users and works to segment its distribution lists so that only recipients who may benefit from the communication are included on the list.
Opting out
Users may opt out of receiving these communications by contacting GCSAA at 800-472-7878, or following the unsubscribe instructions and link at the bottom of the particular communication.
Users can manage their communications preferences under the “My Profile” section on the website.
Sharing of email addresses
GCSAA does not provide the email addresses collected to any outside organization for commercial purposes. However, from time to time, GCSAA may provide email addresses to authorized agents conducting business on behalf of – or in conjunction with – the association (such as for survey administration purposes or providing updates from industry coalitions).
Industry email service
Industry partners may request GCSAA send commercial email messages on their behalf for a fee. GCSAA has final approval on the content of these messages, and maintains strict limits on their timing and frequency. All content must adhere to GCSAA's established standard operating procedures for advertising materials. Users may choose to opt out of messages from a particular industry partner, or from the industry email service, by following the unsubscribe instructions on that particular communication.
Links to third-party sites
To the extent that this website contains links to outside services, resources, and other websites, GCSAA does not control the availability and content of those services, resources and sites.
GCSAA is not responsible in any manner for damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any content, advertising, services, products or other material on or available from such sites. Any concerns regarding any such service, resource, or link should be directed to the particular service or resource.
Any reference made by this website to any specific commercial product, process, or service (or provider of such product, process or service) by trade name, trademark, hyperlink, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply an endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by GCSAA.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
For information on the European Union’s GPDR, please review GDPR AND GCSAA
Updates to this Privacy Policy
GCSAA reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice.
Your continued use of this website shall constitute your acceptance of the Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy was last updated Jan. 21, 2019.
Comments and concerns
GCSAA recognizes the importance of privacy to its users. If you have any concerns about how your information may be used, please contact Shelia Finney
at 800-472-7878, ext. 4472.
GCSAA's physical address is: GCSAA, 1421 Research Park Dr., Lawrence, KS 66049.
The Golf Course Superintendents Association of America (GCSAA) is dedicated to serving its members, advancing their profession and enhancing the enjoyment, growth and vitality of the game of golf.
Join GCSAA
Newsletter Sign Up
Connect
Facebook
Twitter