https://www.nathaninc.com/privacy-policy
Policies
Home > Policies
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Our fiscal year 2020 statement on modern slavery and human trafficking, which details our zero tolerance approach to any form of modern slavery, is available as a PDF document here.
Privacy Policy
The privacy of our visitors is of utmost importance to us. We collect no personally identifiable information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide that information to us through one of the following actions. By submitting your information you are providing consent for Nathan to store and use that information.
— You send an email directly to one of our contacts or you use an online form on our site. We will use your name and address as needed to respond to your email.
— You apply for a job through our website, or you submit your information to our recruiting database through our website. We will use your submitted information to assess your suitability for current and/or future jobs.
— Information you submit through email or any online forms will be retained but not shared outside Nathan without your subsequent consent.
Google Analytics
Information from visitors to our site is also collected by Google Analytics via cookies. More information on Google’s collection of information in connection with the use of Google Analytics on this site is available here: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
“Do Not Track” Signals for California Residents
Nathan does not track visitors over time or across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
GDPR
The Nathan UK Privacy Notice is available as a PDF document here.
Terms
Modifications
Nathan may revise and update these policies at any time.  Your continued usage of this website means that you accept those changes.
License and Ownership
Any and all intellectual property rights associated with this website and its contents are the sole property of Nathan and its affiliates. The content is protected by copyright and other laws in both the United States and other countries.
Disclaimers
This website is intended to provide general information and is not intended to be relied upon as any form of professional advice. Nathan makes no representations about the results to be obtained from using the website and the website contents are provided on an “as is” basis. Your use of this website is at your own discretion and you assume full responsibility. Nathan will not be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages or any other damages whatsoever relating to the use of this website.
Voluntary Survey Fields
EEOC – Voluntary Self-Identification Survey
Nathan is required to notify all applicants of their rights pursuant to U.S. federal labor laws. For further information, please review this notice from the U.S. Department of Labor: EEO is the Law poster. You may have additional rights pursuant to recent amendments to federal labor laws. Please review these protections from the EEO is the Law Supplement.
Nathan is subject to certain nondiscrimination and/or affirmative action recordkeeping and reporting requirements which require us to invite applicants to voluntarily self-identify their race/ethnicity and gender.
Veteran Status
Nathan is a U.S. Government contractor required to take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment protected veterans pursuant to the Vietnam Era veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974, as amended by the Jobs for Veterans Act of 2002. Government contractors are required to take affirmative action to employ and advance veterans in employment: 1. Disabled veterans; 2. Recently separated veterans; 3. Active duty wartime or campaign badge veterans; and 4. Armed Forces service medal veterans. We are also required to submit an annual report to the U.S. Department of Labor identifying the number of our employees belonging to each specified protected veteran category.
Submission of this information is voluntary and refusal to provide it will not subject you to any adverse treatment. The information provided will be used only in ways that are not inconsistent with the Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974, as amended. The information you submit will be kept confidential and may only be used in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations.
Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability
Form CC-305
OMB Control Number 1250-0005
Expires 1/31/2020
Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. [1] To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way.
If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.
[1] Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.
How do I know if I have a disability?
You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.
Disabilities include, but are not limited to:
— Autism
— Bipolar disorder
— Blindness
— Cancer
— Cerebral Palsy
— Deafness
— Diabetes
— Epilepsy
— HIV/AIDS
— Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
— Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)
— Major depression
— Missing limbs or partially missing limbs
— Multiple sclerosis (MS)
— Muscular dystrophy
— Obsessive-compulsive disorder
— Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)
— Schizophrenia
Reasonable Accommodation Notice
Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job at . Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.
Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp
United Nations Global Compact Communication on Progress
The 2019 Nathan UNGC Communication on Progress is available as a PDF document here.
HomeInternational Development
Economic Policy & Governance Financial Sector Development Private Sector Development Trade & Logistics Women’s Economic Empowerment
Litigation & Expert Services
Class Action & Class Certification Commercial Damages & Valuation Employment & Labor Environmental Litigation & Science Finance & Securities Forensic Accounting Insurance Coverage & Claims Analysis Intellectual Property International Arbitration Product Liability & Mass Torts
Infrastructure Project Development & Finance
Asset Performance Assessment & Monitoring Competition & Economic Regulation Master Planning & Market, Financial, & Economic Feasibility Studies Transaction Advisory Services & Project Finance Structuring
Advisory Services
Compliance & Governance Economic & Regulatory Energy Environmental Health & Safety Financial Services Intellectual Property Services Program Management Strategic Services
Our WorkInsightsExperts
Nathan Experts Affiliates
About UsNewsEventsJoin Us
Open Positions
Contact
Contact Us Locations Business Development