http://www.bioline.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
To view our range of antigens and antibodies for immunoassay development please visit our partner site
meridianlifescience.com
Account
Settings
Language
Worldwide
bioline_au
Privace Statement
EFFECTIVE December 1, 2020
Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and subsidiaries (“Meridian”) which include Meridian Life Science, Bioline, Magellan Diagnostics, Meridian Bioscience Canada (GenePOC), and Exalenz Bioscience have created the following Privacy Policy to describe how we use information and data we collect. This Privacy Policy applies to the websites of Meridian and its subsidiaries. It explains how information is collected, used, and disclosed by Meridian with respect to your access and use of the websites.
This Privacy Policy only applies to Meridian websites and not to third-party websites and applications. Meridian websites may contain links to third-party websites and applications that may be of interest to you. Meridian is not responsible for the collection, processing and use of your data by websites or applications that are not operated by Meridian; furthermore, Meridian is not responsible for their content. For information on processing of your data, please refer to the data privacy policies of the respective parties.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in its entirety to ensure you are fully informed.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Meridian’s data collection, use, and disclosure practices, please contact us at privacy@meridianbioscience.com or by mail or phone using the information in Section 6.
1. DATA WE COLLECT
The data we collect may include Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”). This includes the following types of data.
Identity Data: includes first and last name.
Contact Data: includes email address.
Technical Data: includes Internet protocol (IP) address, browser type, and version, time zone and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Usage Data: includes information about how you use our website.
Communications Data: includes your preferences in receiving news alerts.
We may use the data we collect in various ways as outlined below.
Direct Marketing Purposes: including providing you with relevant product and company news.
Providing Product and Services You Request:
including the collection of data required to process product orders, sample requests, provide technical support services and other instructions to Meridian.
Custom User Experiences: including data to allow you to personalize how aspects of our website function for you.
Site Analytics and Improvement: to monitor site traffic patterns and preferences for site improvement, analytics, and optimization.
Job Application Collection: to receive on-line job applications.
We do not sell your personal information. We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers for their advertising.
Where applicable, for example where PII is provided for Direct Marketing Purposes, we will ask for your consent for us to use the data for the proposed purpose(s).
This website is not intended for children under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
2. COOKIES
We may use technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, browser analysis tools, server logs and web beacons which automatically collect certain information from you. We use these cookies for various purposes including activity that is strictly necessary for the Site to function as well as for analytics and advertising. For example, we may use this information for purposes included but not limited to servicing your specific requests for functionality, such as displaying the correct content for your region, local pricing, currency and shipping charges, as well any additional user and account specific functionality; validating your identity and for the purposes of capacity management, including monitoring the number of people using the site and how they are using and navigating the site; helping us recognize you when you return to the Site; improving the quality of our service when you visit our Site; diagnosing problems with the Site; administering the website; tailoring our advertising to suit your personal interests; or processing your requests for information.
You may control cookies, including preventing or stopping the installation and storage of cookies, through your browser settings and other tools.
If you do so, our Site may not function correctly. Please refer to the Help feature of your browser for information on disabling cookies.
2.1 First-Party Cookies
First-party cookies are cookies that are set by the domain, or a sub-domain, of the site you are visiting. Meridian websites make use of cookies to provide you with the best user experience possible. The Meridian website domains serve our customers internationally and cookies are necessary to ensure that we can serve you with the right content for your region, country, or locality. To ensure the maximum level of privacy for all our customers and website users, no personally identifying information is stored or transmitted in cookies set by Meridian websites. We always endeavor to set only cookies that are strictly necessary to service your specific requests for functionality.
You may refuse the use of first-party cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, please note that, if you do this and do not make exceptions for Meridian’s websites and any other domains listed in this document, you may not be able to use the full functionality of our websites.
2.2 Google Analytics
Meridian utilizes the services of Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. We use information collected by Google Analytics for the purposes of site maintenance, management, monitoring and capacity planning. Google Analytics uses cookies to compile the data about browser sessions and site traffic that enable us to analyze how customers and other users use this website.
Analytics data will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compiling summary reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
Because of the way in which Google Analytics functions, cookies set by this site reporting technology are set by the Meridian website domains.
2.3 Third-Party Cookies
Third-party cookies are cookies that are set when you visit a website, but which do not originate from the first-party whose site you are visiting. It is possible to configure your browser to automatically disallow the setting of third-party cookies. Doing so means that your browser will only accept cookies from the first-party domain you are visiting.
On occasion we may utilize third-party services to provide additional site functionality and these third-party services may attempt to set cookies on your browsing device.
AddThis
Meridian maintains social media presence on a variety of social network platforms including, but not limited to, Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube and Instagram. To facilitate easy sharing of information, we utilize a third-party service, AddThis, to enable you to easily share information with your preferred social network(s). Depending on your browser configuration, AddThis may set a cookie on your device. For more information about AddThis and their privacy policy, please see the links below.
Site:
AddThis
Domain:
https://addthis.com
About:
https://www.addthis.com/about
Privacy Policy:
https://www.addthis.com/privacy/privacy-policy
YouTube
Some pages on this website contain embedded videos that we host with YouTube. When you access pages on which a video is embedded, depending on your configuration, YouTube.com may set a cookie on your browsing device. For more information about YouTube and their privacy policy, please see the links below.
Site:
YouTube / YouTube NoCookie
Domain:
https://youtube.com
About:
https://www.youtube.com/t/about_youtube
Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/
To protect your privacy YouTube videos are embedded using the youtube-nocookie.com version of YouTube which does not automatically set a cookie on your machine when you load a page on the Meridian websites that features an embedded video. A cookie may be set on your device if allowed by your configuration when you play the video.
Vimeo
Some pages on Meridian’s websites contain embedded videos that we host with Vimeo. When you access pages on which a video is embedded, depending on your configuration, Vimeo.com may set a cookie on your browsing device. For more information about Vimeo and its privacy policy, please see the links below.
Site:
Vimeo
Domain:
https://vimeo.com
About:
https://vimeo.com/about
Privacy Policy:
https://www.vimeo.com/features/video-privacy,https://vimeo.com/cookie_policy
SFDC (SalesForce.com)
We may use SFDC, a Salesforce Company, for assistance with marketing initiatives on our websites. SFDC deploys cookies for monitoring browsing information and allows us to collect PII through forms and landing pages. Please refer SFDC’s Privacy Policy for information on data storage and security. Also, read “How Does SFDC Track Activities,” for details on their use of cookies. For more information about SFDC and its privacy policy, please see the links below.
Site:
SFDC
Domain:
https://www.salesforce.com/gdpr/overview/
About:
https://www.salesforce.com/company/about-us/
Privacy Policy:
https://www.salesforce.com/uk/company/privacy/
Sugar Market (formerly Salesfusion)
We may use Sugar Market for assistance with marketing initiatives on our websites. Sugar Market deploys cookies for monitoring browsing information and allows us to collect PII through forms and landing pages. Please refer to Sugar Market’s Privacy Policy for information on data storage and security. Also, read “Use of Cookies and other Tracking Technologies,” for details on their use of cookies. For more information about Sugar Market and their privacy policy, please see the links below.
Site:
Sugar Market (formerly Salesfusion)
Domain:
https://www.salesfusion.com/
About:
https://www.salesfusion.com/about/
Privacy Policy:
https://www.salesfusion.com/privacy-policy/
Marketo
We may use Marketo, Inc. for assistance with marketing initiatives on our websites. Marketo deploys cookies for monitoring browsing information and allows us to collect PII through forms and landing pages. Please refer to Marketo’s Privacy Policy for information on data storage and security. Also, read “Cookies Policy,” for details on their use of cookies. For more information about Marketo and its privacy policy, please see the links below.
Site:
Marketo
Domain:
https://www.marketo.com/
About:
https://www.marketo.com/company/
Privacy Policy:
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/privacy/
Multiview
We may use Multiview, Inc., for assistance with marketing initiatives on our websites. Multiview deploys web technologies which may include cookies, web beacons, clear gifs, and pixels (collectively, “web technologies”) on our website to provide their services. Multiview deploys web technologies for monitoring browsing information and allows us to collect PII through forms, landing pages, and retargeting advertisements. These web technologies help us keep track of the number of users who saw a particular ad or visited a particular page on the Site, and analyze the effectiveness of our ads. They also collect your browser cookie, browsing behavior and IP address to build an anonymous behavioral profile. This profile is used to determine what kinds of interest-based advertising to serve you across the Internet based on your past visits to our website. The goal and impact of any automated decision making performed in this context is to ensure you receive relevant marketing. Please refer to Multiview's Privacy Policy for details on data storage and security. Also, read "What Technical and Behavioral Information Do We Collect?" for details on their use of cookies. For more information about Multiview and its privacy policy, please see the links below.
Site:
Multiview
Domain:
https://www.multiview.com/
About:
https://www.multiview.com/about/
Privacy Policy:
https://www.multiview.com/privacy-policy/
ProProfs
We may use ProProfs. for assistance with marketing initiatives on our websites. ProProfs deploys cookies for monitoring browsing information and allows us to collect PII through forms, quizzes, and landing pages. Please refer to ProProfs’ Privacy Policy for information on data storage and security. Also, read “Our Use of Cookies,” for details on their use of cookies. For more information about ProProfs and their privacy policy, please see the links below.
Site:
ProProfs
Domain:
https://www.proprofs.com/
About:
https://www.proprofs.com/about/
Privacy Policy:
https://www.proprofs.com/policies/privacy/
2.4 Do Not Track
“Do Not Track” is a privacy preference that you can set in your Internet search browser that sends a signal to a website that you do not want the website operator to track certain browsing information about you.
However, because our sites are not configured to detect Do Not Track signals from a user’s computer, we are unable to respond to Do Not Track requests.
3. PROTECTING THE DATA WE COLLECT
3.1 Security
We take commercially reasonable precautions such as policy-based access control to protect data in our possession from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the data, both during transmission and once received by Meridian. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is guaranteed to be 100% secure.
3.2 Data retention
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
3.3 Information Shared with Third Parties
The data we collect may be shared with third parties as necessary to operate our business and protect our interests and legal rights.
This includes vendors and suppliers and our affiliated companies. We use a limited number of third-party processors to store and process the data we collect on our behalf. We will not authorize these parties to use your PII for any purpose that is not related to Meridian’s business operations.
In certain limited circumstances, we may need to disclose PII to comply with a legal obligation or demand. Additionally, in certain circumstances in the connection with a change-in-control or a sale of a portion of the business, PII may be shared with a third-party seeking to acquire all or a portion of Meridian.
We do not sell your personal information. We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers for their advertising.
3.4 International Data Transfers
As an enterprise serving users in many countries, we may transfer personal information to countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected. This includes transfers within Meridian and to independent third parties. For users in the European Economic Area (EEA) which includes countries in the European Union, along with Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway, when we transfer your personal information to other countries, we select data processors that contractually comply with EU Data Protection regulations, including the GDPR.
4. YOUR RIGHTS
4.1. EU or EEA Residents
If you are in the EU or EEA, you may have the following rights.
Right of Access
You have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether-or-not personal data concerning you are processed, and, where that is the case, you have the right to request and get access to that personal data.
Right to Rectification
You have the right to obtain from us the rectification of inaccurate personal data and you have the right to provide additional personal data to complete any incomplete personal data.
Right to Erasure (“Right to be Forgotten”)
In certain cases, including where you have provided personal information for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to obtain from us the erasure of your personal data.
Right to Restriction of Processing
You have the right to obtain from us restriction of processing, applicable for a certain period and/or for certain situations.
Right to Data Portability
You have the right to receive from us in a structured format your personal data and you have the right to (allow us) transmit such personal data to another controller.
Right to Object
You have the right to object to the further processing of your personal data in so far as such data have been collected for direct marketing purposes.
Right to Withdraw Consent
You have the right to withdraw any consent you have previously given us to handle your personal information.
If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal information prior to the withdrawal of your consent.
Right to File a Complaint
You have the right to file a complaint with a data protection authority.
In response to a request, we will ask you to verify your identity if we need to and to provide information that helps us to understand your request better.
If we do not comply with your request, whether in whole or in part, we will explain why.
To exercise your rights or make a request in connection with our Privacy Statement, please contact us using one of the options in 6. How to Contact Us.
4.2 California Residents
If you are a California consumer, you may have certain rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (Act) relating to your personal information, as defined under the Act. For additional information, please use the contact information in 6. How to Contact Us.
We do not sell the personal information of California consumers, including information we collect about individuals acting within the context of a business-to-business relationship with Meridian.
5. AMENDMENT OF PRIVACY STATEMENT
We may update our Privacy Statement from time-to-time. Updates of our Privacy Statement will be published on our website. Any amendments become effective upon publication on our website. Any PII will be collected upon your continued use of Meridian’s sites will be handled in accordance with the currently-posted Privacy Statement. Therefore, we recommend that you regularly review the posted Privacy Statement.
6. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or wish to submit a request regarding rights outlined in 4. Your Rights, you may contact us at:
Email Address
privacy@meridianbioscience.com
Mailing Address
Meridian Bioscience, Inc.
Privacy Office
3471 River Hills Drive
Cincinnati, Ohio 45244
Phone Number
+1.513.271.3700 (Meridian Corporate Office)
844.246.9963 (U.S. toll free)
Product Selection Guides
qPCR and RT-qPCR
End-point PCR
Nucleic Acid Purification
Molecular Weight Markers
NGS
Contact Us
Customer Service & Ordering
Unsubscribe
Meridian
About Us
Company Information
Environmental Commitment
ISO Certification
Privacy Policy
Trademarks
Meridian © 2020