https://www.anser.org/capabilities/policy-formulation/
Skip to content
Employee Resources
FacebookTwitterLinkedinEmail
POLICY FORMULATION
Acquisition AnalysisAnalysis of AlternativesCounter Weapons of Mass DestructionManpower and Workforce AnalysisPerformance MeasurementPolicy FormulationProgram and Project ManagementRisk Assessment
Government policies address how to achieve specific goals and objectives by defining desired capabilities as well as the roles and responsibilities of stakeholder agencies. For the Department of Defense, this could translate into combat readiness (personnel, materiel, training, and logistics), military organizations, command and control, intelligence, diplomacy (treaties), and acquisition of new technology. Over the past six decades, ANSER has helped its defense and non-defense government clients develop, implement, and modify policies across a wide spectrum of issues.
ANSER’s contribution to policy formulation is 1) researching the problem/objective, 2) analyzing the data, 3) developing and proposing alternative solutions supported by that data, 4) facilitating stakeholder deliberations to finalize policy recommendations, and 5) developing implementation guidance.
For example, at the broader end of policy development, ANSER was instrumental in developing the first-ever congressionally mandated DoD Manufacturing Technology Program Strategic Plan. This subsequently led to developing the blueprint for the National Network for Manufacturing Innovation. We also helped the Army Office of the Provost Marshal General revise the Military Police Strategic Plan to meet new and evolving threats. For the past two decades, ANSER has played an integral role in helping the Air Force develop and implement policies to conform to over 30 arms control treaties.
In a narrower realm of policy formulation, we have drafted and coordinated implementation guidance, such as the DoD Instruction on antiterrorism standards in response to the Fort Hood attacks in 2009. More recently, ANSER researched and provided an updated Continuity of Operations Plan for the entire Department of Homeland Security.
ANSER Login | Legal & Privacy | Sitemap
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Email
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.