https://www.plextek.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Introduction
Our website uses cookies. We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. Cookies can be used by web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and identify users returning to a website.
Our use of cookies
We use both session and persistent cookies on our website.The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below.We use cookies on our website to recognise a computer when a user visits the website / track users as they navigate the website / enable the use of a shopping cart on the website / improve the website’s usability / analyse the use of the website / administer the website / prevent fraud and improve the security of the website / personalise the website for each user / target advertisements which may be of particular interest to specific users.
Analytics cookies
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website.Our analytics service provider generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies.The analytics cookies used by our website are _utma, _utmb, _utmc and _utmz.
The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website.
Our analytics service provider’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Blocking cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies; for example:In Internet Explorer, you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy” and then “Advanced”.In Firefox, you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, “Privacy”, selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, and unticking “Accept cookies from sites”.In Chrome, you can block all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Content settings”, and then selecting “Block sites from setting any data” under the “Cookies” heading.Blocking all cookies will have a notable impact upon the usability of many websites.Should you choose to block cookies, either all cookies or our site specifically, this will affect your user experience of our website as you will be unable to use some, if not all, of the website’s features.
Deleting cookies
You can delete cookies already stored on your computer; for example:In Internet Explorer, you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://windows.microsoft.com/en-gb/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-11).In Firefox, you can delete cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”, then selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, clicking “Show Cookies”, and then clicking “Remove All Cookies”.In Chrome, you can delete all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Clear browsing data”, and then selecting “Cookies and other site and plug-in data” before clicking “Clear browsing data”.Deleting cookies will have a notable impact on the usability of many websites. In some cases, deleting site cookies will require you to re-enter settings and other data.
Talk to us about our Cookies
Should you have any inquiries about our cookie policy you can contact us by going to our Contact us page.
CookiesThis site uses cookies to help make it more useful and reliable. By using the site or by dismissing this banner you are consenting to their use. Cookie Policy.Okay, thanks
Top