http://www.nanonics.co.il/privacy-policy
Search
Privacy PolicyThroughout this Privacy Policy we’ll refer to our website, mobile applications and other products and services collectively as “services.”
Information We Collect
We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so–for example, to provide our services, to communicate with you, or to make our services better. We collect information in three ways: if and when you provide information to us, automatically through operating our services, and from outside sources. Let’s go over the information that we collect.
Information You Provide to Us
It’s probably no surprise that we collect information that you provide to us. The amount and type of information depends on the context and how we use the information. Here are some examples:Communications with Us : You may also provide us information, such as your name, email address and area of interest, when you respond to surveys, communicate with us about a support question, or fill out a webform.
Information We Collect Automatically
We also collect some information automatically:
Log Information: Like most online service providers, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information.
Location Information: We may determine the approximate location of your device from your IP address. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people visit our services from certain geographic regions. We may also collect information about your precise location via our mobile apps) if you allow us to do so through your mobile device operating system’s permissions.
Information from Cookies & Other Technologies: A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small blocks of code placed on websites and emails. We may sometimes use cookies and other technologies like pixel tags to help us identify and track visitors, usage, and access preferences for our services, as well as track and understand email campaign effectiveness and to deliver targeted ads. For more information about our use of cookies and other technologies for tracking, including how you can control the use of cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also get information about you from other sources. The information we receive depends on which services you authorize and any options that are available. We may also get information, such as a mailing address, from third party services about individuals who are not yet our users (…but we hope will be!), which we may use, for example, for marketing and advertising purposes like postcards and other mailers advertising our services.
How And Why We Use Information
Purposes for Using InformationWe use information about you as mentioned above and for the purposes listed below:
To better provide our services–for example, to understand your needs or to improve our communication;
To further develop and improve our services–for example by adding new features that we think our users will enjoy or will be useful to them;
To monitor and analyze trends and better understand how users interact with our services, which helps us improve our services and make them easier to use;
To measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising, and better understand user retention and attrition;
To monitor and prevent any problems with our services, protect the security of our services, detect and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, fight spam, and protect the rights and property of Nanonics Imaging and others, which may result in us declining a transaction or the use of our services;
To communicate with you, for example through an email, about offers and promotions offered by Nanonics Imaging and others we think will be of interest to you, solicit your feedback, or keep you up to date on Nanonics Imaging and our products; and
To personalize your experience using our services, provide content, target our marketing messages to groups of our users (for example, those who have a particular interest or have been our user for a certain length of time), and serve relevant advertisements.
Legal Bases for Collecting and Using Information
A note here for those in the European Union about our legal grounds for processing information about you under EU data protection laws, which is that our use of your information is based on the grounds that: (1) The use is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under our Terms of Service or other agreements with you or (2) The use is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or (3) The use is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person; or (4) We have a legitimate interest in using your information--for example, to provide and update our services, to improve our services so that we can offer you an even better user experience, to safeguard our services, to communicate with you, to measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising, and better understand user retention and attrition, to monitor and prevent any problems with our services, and to personalize your experience; or (5) You have given us your consent--for example before we place certain cookies on your device and access and analyze them later on, as described in our Cookie Policy.
Sharing Information
How We Share InformationWe do not sell our users’ private personal information. We share information about you in the limited circumstances spelled out below and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy:
Subsidiaries, Employees, and Independent Contractors: We may disclose information about you to our subsidiaries, our employees, and individuals who are our independent contractors that need to know the information in order to help us provide our services or to process the information on our behalf.
Third Party Vendors: We may share information about you with third party vendors who need to know information about you in order to provide their services to us, or to provide their services to you or your site. This group includes vendors that help us provide our services to you (like payment providers that process your credit and debit card information, fraud prevention services that allow us to analyze fraudulent payment transactions, postal and email delivery services that help us stay in touch with you, customer chat and email support services that help us communicate with you, those that assist us with our marketing efforts (e.g. by providing tools for identifying a specific marketing target group or improving our marketing campaigns), those that help us understand and enhance our services (like analytics providers), and companies that make products available on our websites, who may need information about you in order to, for example, provide technical or other support services to you. Other vendors are listed in our more specific policies (e.g. our Cookie Policy).
Legal Requests: We may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request.
To Protect Rights, Property, and Others: We may disclose information about you when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Nanonics Imaging, third parties, or the public at large. For example, if we have a good faith belief that there is an imminent danger of death or serious physical injury, we may disclose information related to the emergency without delay.
Business Transfers: In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely event that Nanonics Imaging goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would likely be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. If any of these events were to happen, this Privacy Policy would continue to apply to your information and the party receiving your information may continue to use your information, but only consistent with this Privacy Policy.
With Your Consent: We may share and disclose information with your consent or at your direction. For example, we may share your information with third parties with which you authorize us to do so.
Aggregated or De-Identified Information: We may share information that has been aggregated or reasonably de-identified, so that the information could not reasonably be used to identify you. For instance, we may publish aggregate statistics about the use of our services and we may share a hashed version of your email address to facilitate customized ad campaigns on other platforms.
Published Support Requests: And if you send us a request (for example, via a support email or one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish that request in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.
How Long We Keep InformationWe generally discard information about you when we no longer need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it--which are described in the section above on How and Why We Use Information--and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. We retain the logs for this period of time in order to, among other things, analyze traffic to Nanonics Imaging’s websites and investigate issues if something goes wrong on our website.
Security
While no online service is 100% secure, we work hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so, such as monitoring our services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks.
Choices
You have several choices available when it comes to information about you:
Opt-Out of Electronic Communications: You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from us. Just follow the instructions in those messages. If you opt out of promotional messages, we may still send you other messages, like those about your account and legal notices.
Set Your Browser to Reject Cookies: At this time, Nanonics Imaging does not respond to “do not track” signals across all of our services. However, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies before using Nanonics Imaging’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Nanonics Imaging’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Your Rights
If you are located in certain countries, including those that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (AKA the “GDPR”), data protection laws give you rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to:
Request access to your personal data;Request correction or deletion of your personal data;Object to our use and processing of your personal data;Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data; andRequest portability of your personal data.EU individuals also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
How to Reach UsIf you have a question about this Privacy Policy, or you would like to contact us about any of the rights mentioned in the Your Rights section above, please contact us.
Nanonics Imaging Ltd.19 Hartum St.Floor 2+972-2-678-9573
info@nanonics.co.il
Other Things You Should Know
Transferring Information
Because Nanonics Imaging’s services are offered worldwide, the information about you that we process when you use the services in the EU may be used, stored, and/or accessed by individuals operating outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who work for us, other members of our group of companies, or third party data processors. This is required for the purposes listed in the How and Why We Use Information section above. When providing information about you to entities outside the EEA, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law.
Ads and Analytics services Provided by Others
Ads appearing on any of our services may be delivered by advertising networks. Other parties may also provide analytics services via our services. These ad networks and analytics providers may set tracking technologies (like cookies) to collect information about your use of our services and across other websites and online services. These technologies allow these third parties to recognize your device to compile information about you or others who use your device. This information allows us and other companies to, among other things, analyze and track usage, determine the popularity of certain content, and deliver advertisements that may be more targeted to your interests. Please note this Privacy Policy only covers the collection of information by Nanonics Imaging and does not cover the collection of information by any third party advertisers or analytics providers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Nanonics Imaging may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Nanonics Imaging encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your further use of the services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy. That’s it! Thanks for reading.
Basis of this polict text courtesy of: https://github.com/automattic/legalmattic/blob/master/Privacy-Policy.md
ProductsMethods
AFM NSOM/SNOM AFM Raman & TERS AFM SEM/FIB SECM Nanolithography Multiprobe AFM Low Temperature AFM
BioAFM Probes for AFM & SPM Applications
Graphene Carbon Nanotubes Flat Panel Display Inspection Plasmonics Photonics Photovoltaics/ Photoconductivity BiologyLearn
Testimonials
Publications NSOM - Photonics - Plasmonics AFM-Raman & TERS Materials Nanolithography Biology Publication HighlightsGalleries
Image Gallery Video Gallery NSOM/SNOM: Learn More AFM-Raman & TERS: Learn More AFM SEM/FIB: Learn More Nanolithography: Learn More Product Brochures Service & Support Troubleshooting FAQ Manuals Tutorial Videos Contact Us
×
Great, please leave your name and email below,
and we will be in touch with you shortly to schedule a time.Send
×
What technique are you looking for? We're confident we have a solution for you.
AFM
NSOM (SNOM)
AFM-Raman-TERS
AFM SEM/FIB
SECM
Nanolithography
Or simply contact us and one of our applied scientists will help guide you to the right product for your research or industry:
Contact Us
×
Get a customized quote for your research needs
Get more info
×
Looks like Nanonics would be a great fit for your SPM research. Would you like to receive a customized quote?
Yes!
×
Yes, I'd like to discuss Apertureless NSOM with an application scientist
Submit
×
Yes, I'd like to discuss Reflection NSOM with an application scientist
Submit
×
Yes, I'd like to discuss Collection NSOM with an application scientist
Submit
×
Yes, I'd like to discuss Transmission NSOM with an application scientist
Submit
×
Yes, I'd like to discuss Fluorescence NSOM with an application scientist
Submit
×
Yes, I'd like to discuss Nano-Illumination NSOM with an application scientist
Submit
×
Questions? Let's discuss your research needs.
Call our 24/7 TOLL FREE # 1-800-673-0875.
Or leave us a note and we will get back to you soon!Send