http://www.esf.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy and Legal InformationProperty and ResponsibilityThis site is the property of the European Science Foundation (ESF). Unauthorized reproduction of any material or content is prohibited. Reproduction or use of the ESF web design are forbidden. If you wish to make a request to reproduce material please send an e-mail to the ESF webmaster. A number of the pages in this site include links to external web sites. These links are included to give users the opportunity to explore an issue in greater depth. However, the ESF is not responsible for the content of these Internet sites. The inclusion of links does not imply endorsement or agreement with views expressed on outside webpages. The information provided on this website is not contractual and is for general information purposes only. The information is provided in good faith, on a best efforts basis, and while we try to keep the information timely and accurate, we will not be responsible for any omissions, oversights, or errors. We will not be liable for loss or damage arising in connection with the use of this website or any of the websites to which this website provides links. Users of this website and of the information it contains recognize that any use made of any information or materials contained in this website is done under the user’s full and sole responsibility. The European Science Foundation will not be responsible for any prejudice or damages of any type, direct or indirect, resulting in part or in entirety, from the use of information found on this website. Any dispute arising from use of this website is subject to the laws of France.PrivacyThe European Science Foundation may change this policy in compliance with the CNIL by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 01/09/2016.What we collectOn certain parts of the website, we may ask you to provide information about yourself in order to allow us to contact you, or to provide services you request. This information could include the following items:NameJob title and employerContact information including email address and postcodeInformation about your scientific expertiseWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:To keep internal recordsTo reply to a contact emailWe may periodically send promotional emails or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.We never provide any information to third parties for commercial use.ESF Mailing List NoticeWe only collect basic personal data about you which does not include any sensitive types of information. This does, however, include your name and email.  We collected information when you interacted with us through our diverse activities including when you signed up for our newsletter or registered as member of our governance or Community of Experts.
We use MailChimp as our mailing list service provider. For full details of MailChimp’s privacy notice, see: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/MailChimp enables us to identify which subscribers have opened our emails and clicked on links within them, as well as see when you opened the email, your IP address, your browser or email client type and other similar details. We use this information to monitor the effectiveness of our outreach and dissemination. Your email address and personal data will be held on secure servers in the US operated by Mailchimp, our email marketing service provider, on behalf of ESF. We comply with the protection offered to you under the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation 2018.
You can unsubscribe from the ESF mailing lists at any time via the link that is included in every mailing. Once you unsubscribe, you will not receive any more mailings from this list.
SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.CookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to user needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. We also use a session cookie on our ESF archive webpage so that popups informing users that the site is an archive only appear once per visit to the domain.A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website, however. Below you will find instructions for blocking cookies (updated in September 2016):Firefox: Click on the menu button on the top right. Select options, then click on privacy at the left of the page. In the “history” section, select « Firefox will use custom settings for history. » Uncheck the “accept cookies from sites” box.Internet Explorer: Click on the gear wheel at the top right. Click on the Privacy tab, click on advanced, override automatic cookie handling if necessary, and choose “block” for the types of cookies you would like to block.Google Chrome: on the top right, click on the menu. Click on settings, and then Show Advanced Settings. In the Privacy section, click Content Settings. Use the cookies section to change your settings, clicking on the options you prefer for different types of cookies.Safari: Choose Preferences, click privacy, then choose the options that you prefer. Data ProtectionAll processing of personal data carried out in the context of the accessible services complies with the local regulations applicable to the protection of personal data and in particular the provisions of the "Data Protection Act" of 6 January 1978, modified in 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulations (EU Regulation 2016/679) or "GDPR". In accordance with the applicable regulations on the protection of personal data, you may, at any time, exercise your rights of access, rectification, deletion of data concerning you as well as your rights to limit and oppose the processing and portability of your personal data. You can contact the Data Protection Correspondent by e-mail at CNIL[at]esf[dot]org.ESF Direct Activities Direct access to the information stored in our database is restricted to members of ESF and staff working in our offices in Strasbourg.  The data will, under no circumstances, be passed on to third parties for commercial purposes.The database is used as an address book for ESF staff and is also used as a tool for the management of our activities. In this framework we record information on the following:ESF membershipESF Community of Experts membershipESF meeting participantsReview Procedures including information on (potential) refereesThe information we collect is also used to compile statistics for our Member Organisations and, where relevant, for other organisations who provide funding to ESF.Where ESF contracts an independent body to carry out a study on its behalf, the ESF Secretariat may provide scientific and financial data on its activities, which may include the names and contact details of persons involved in the activities.  In such cases, however, the organisation carrying out the study undertakes, in writing, to treat all data they receive from ESF in confidence and to use it only for the purposes of the study for which they have been contracted.For more information, please contact database[at]esf.org.Other ESF ActivitiesInstitutional EvaluationOur Member Organisations and other national, European or international organisations may ask us to help them identify persons to help them with a particular project such as the evaluation of scientific projects at a national level, the evaluation of the functioning of an institute, or other types of scientific evaluations.  In such cases we may provide them with names and addresses of persons within certain fields of scientific expertise.  The provision of such information is not systematic and is agreed on a case by case basis.Where relevant, certain categories of information may be given to the European Commission.Research Grant EvaluationIn the frame of this activity, the data referring to applicants, institutions, proposals and assessments collected is considered confidential.  The data will only be shared with the institutions/establishments or organisations which delegate this particular task to us or with whom a contract has been signed and with the experts (external reviewers and review panel members) nominated for the assessment of the proposals.In order to promote transparency, ESF may publish the aggregate list of reviewers involved in assessment processes under ESF umbrella, unassigned to applications or specific process. The list, containing only names and short affiliations, may be published on the ESF web site after completion of all assessment processes in a given year. Individual remote assessments may be copied in anonymous form for evaluation and selection purposes to the Disciplinary Panel(s) set up by ESF for an exercise and may also, always in anonymous form, be used as feedback to applicants.* Please note that we are not responsible for the data which is put on external ESF activity web sites.# Reviewers are systematically informed that the information contained in the application/proposal/report, including the personal data of the persons involved, should not be used for any purpose other than the assessment/evaluation.CreditsDirector of publicationJean-Claude WormsConception graphiquePublicis, Luna Graphica, Alexandre BouscalDéveloppement web & HostingAmeosPhotography CreditsPhotograph :Christian CREUTZ
Homepage images : SPL and by courtesy of ESA and Barcelona Supercomputing Center - www.bsc.es
ESF1, quai Lezay-Marnésia - BP 9001567080 Strasbourg Cedex - FranceTel : +33 (0)3 88 76 71 00Fax : +33 (0)3 88 37 05 32http://www.esf.org
Followon TwitterSubscribeto RSS feed
Latest news
Online Event:
Promoting Institutional Change towards RRI
November 12, 2020
The European Space Sciences Committee selects Professor Chris Rapley CBE as its new appointed Chair
May 26, 2020
The European Science Foundation appoints Véronique Halloin as its new President
April 22, 2020
Direct linksNews & MediaCareersESF-HAEU ArchivesESF ArchivesContact usPrivacy Policy
This website uses cookies to provide the best user experience. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of cookies.
More information.
I agree.