http://www.cancer.org/about-us/policies.html
What cancer patients, their families, and caregivers need to know about the coronavirus.
Close Critical Alert Banner
Search
|
About Us
Policies
Opt Out Form
The American Cancer Society is always working to improve communication with our supporters. If you wish to change your communication preferences please complete the opt out form.
Accessibility at the American Cancer Society
Learn about our ongoing commitment to meeting the needs of all of our constituents, including those with disabilities.
Code of Ethics and Conflict of Interest Policy
The code of ethics and conflicts of interest policy ("Code") of the American Cancer Society, Inc. establishes the ethical standards for associates of the Society.
Content Usage
How to request permission to use or copy American Cancer Society copyrighted materials (audio, text, graphics, images, artwork) from our websites or printed materials.
Financial Conflict of Interest Policy
The ACS Financial Conflict of Interest Policy seeks to maintain the appropriate balance among all competing interests that have the potential to produce bias in the design, conduct, or reporting of the research or distort technology transfer transactions.
Linking Policy
Read the American Cancer Society's policies regarding third party links and external sites linking to www.cancer.org.
Internet Privacy Policies
Secure Sockets Layer
Log Files
Privacy Statement
Our privacy standard protects the privacy of constituent information in accordance with federal and state privacy laws, the Society’s contractual obligations, and our constituents’ reasonable expectations of privacy.
State Fundraising Notices
Although our financial report is always sent free to anyone requesting a copy, certain states require us to advise you that a copy of our financial report is available from them.
Terms of Use
User agreement that covers the terms and conditions for use of this website, cancer.org.
Third Party Terms and Conditions
the Master Terms and Conditions document which governs all Third Party Charitable Sales Promotion and Licensing Agreements between American Cancer Society, Inc. and the Company to which this version of the Master Terms and Conditions relates.
Fundraising Policies
All messaging used in our calling, as well as written materials mailed to our supporters, have been reviewed and approved by the American Cancer Society.
Calling Policies
Terms and Conditions - Event Sponsorship and Underwriting
The following terms and conditions apply to sponsorships and/or underwriting of events of the American Cancer Society, Inc. (“ACS”).
Contributions
This policy describes our treatment of contributions and payments associated with our events that we receive to advance our charitable mission.
COVID-19 Safety Acknowledgement -- Liability Waiver and Release of Claims
This policy outlines the COVID-19 Safety Acknowledgement Liability Waiver and Release of Claims for individuals participating in events held or sponsored by the American Cancer Society, Inc.
BackTo Top
Close
*
Close
Image
of
Previous
Next
Close
Close
Select A Hope Lodge