http://www.theglobeandmail.com/business/technology/article-facebook-launches-legal-action-against-irish-watchdog-over-data/
Skip to main content
Search
Search
Quick links
Horoscopes
Puzzles
Member Benefits
Newsletters
Globe Shop
Investigations
Death Notices (Legacy.com)
Reader services
Subscribe
Following
Subscriptions
Settings
Customer Help
Contact us
Log in
Log out
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Reuters
Published September 11, 2020
Updated September 11, 2020
For Subscribers
Comments
Share
Text Size
Bookmark
Please log in to listen to this story. Also available in French and Mandarin.
Log In
Create Free Account
Getting audio file ... Audio for this article is not available at this time.
This translation has been automatically generated and has not been verified for accuracy. Full Disclaimer
Facebook Inc launched legal action on Friday against Ireland’s Data Protection Commission in an attempt to halt a proposed order that could stop the company from transferring data from the European Union to the United States. The U.S. social media giant urged regulators “to adopt a pragmatic and proportionate approach until a sustainable long-term solution can be reached,” a company representative said in a statement. The Irish commission, Facebook’s lead regulator in the EU, had commenced an inquiry into the company controlled EU-U.S. data transfers.
Story continues below advertisement
It also suggested that a key mechanism used by the company for transatlantic data transfers cannot in practice be used for EU-U.S. data transfers, Facebook said on Wednesday. Facebook had said that it believed the mechanism, Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs), had been deemed valid by the Court of Justice of the European Union in July.
The Irish regulator declined to comment. Be smart with your money. Get the latest investing insights delivered right to your inbox three times a week, with the Globe Investor newsletter. Sign up today.
Your Globe
Build your personal news feed Hide info
Follow topics and authors relevant to your reading interests. Check your Following feed daily, and never miss an article. Access your Following feed from your account menu at the top right corner of every page.
Follow topics related to this article:
Facebook
Follow
Privacy
Follow
Technology
Follow
View more suggestions in Following Read more about following topics and authors
Report an error
Tickers mentioned in this story
Data Update
Unchecking box will stop auto data updates
Due to technical reasons, we have temporarily removed commenting from our articles. We hope to have this fixed soon. Thank you for your patience. If you are looking to give feedback on our new site, please send it along to feedback@globeandmail.com. If you want to write a letter to the editor, please forward to letters@globeandmail.com.
Comments
Show comments
Welcome to The Globe and Mail’s comment community. This is a space where subscribers can engage with each other and Globe staff. Non-subscribers can read and sort comments but will not be able to engage with them in any way. Click here to subscribe. If you would like to write a letter to the editor, please forward it to letters@globeandmail.com. Readers can also interact with The Globe on Facebook and Twitter .
Log in
Subscribe to comment
Why do I need to subscribe?
Welcome to The Globe and Mail’s comment community. This is a space where subscribers can engage with each other and Globe staff. Non-subscribers can read and sort comments but will not be able to engage with them in any way. Click here to subscribe. If you would like to write a letter to the editor, please forward it to letters@globeandmail.com. Readers can also interact with The Globe on Facebook and Twitter .
I'm a print subscriber, link to my account
Subscribe to comment
Why do I need to subscribe?
Welcome to The Globe and Mail’s comment community. This is a space where subscribers can engage with each other and Globe staff. We aim to create a safe and valuable space for discussion and debate. That means:
Treat others as you wish to be treated Criticize ideas, not people Stay on topic Avoid the use of toxic and offensive language Flag bad behaviour
Comments that violate our community guidelines will be removed. Read our community guidelines here
Discussion loading ...
Read most recent letters to the editor.
To view this site properly, enable cookies in your browser. Read our privacy policy to learn more.
How to enable cookies