http://www.organicinputs.org/organicinputs-privacy-policy.html
Zur Navigation springen.
Zum Inhalt springen.
Home » Privacy policy
HomePartnersTeamPolicyInput searchInput listsManufacturersContactSite informationPrivacy policy
Privacy policy
The protection of your personal data is very important to us. We
therefore ask you to read the following privacy policy carefully.The
purpose of this policy is to inform you about the reason for and
extent
to which your personal data will be processed when you visit our
website. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to
contact the controller.
This website uses SSL or TLS encryption to protect the transmission of
personal data and other confidential content (e.g. orders or inquiries
to the controller). You can recognize an encrypted connection by the
character string "https://" and the lock symbol in your browser line.
(1) Controller within the meaning of Art. 4 No. 7 General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter: “GDPR”) is:Research Institute of Organic Agriculture (FiBL) Ackerstrasse 113 / Postfach 219 CH-5070 Frick Phone +41 62 8657-272info.suisse@no-spam.fibl.org(2) Contact details regarding questions on privacy and data protection at FiBL:dataprotection@no-spam.fibl.org
(1) According to the applicable laws, you have various rights regarding your personal data:Right to obtain confirmation and accessRight to request rectificationRight to erasure ('right to be forgotten') Right to request restriction of processingRight to data portabilityRight to objectRight to withdraw the given consentIf you wish to assert these rights, please send your request by e-mail or by post to the address mentioned above.
(2) You also have the right of lodging a complaint with a supervisory
authority about the processing of your personal data with us.
(1) When using our website for information purposes only, i.e. if you
do not register or otherwise provide us with information, we only
collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server
(so-called "server log files"). If you want to visit our website, we
collect the following information that is technically necessary for us
to display our website and to ensure the stability, functionality and
security of our website:our visited websiteused IP addressdate and time of accessTime zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)Access status / HTTP status code the amount of data transferred in bytesWebsite from which you accessed the site (source/reference)used browser the operating system used and its interface Language and version of the browser software.(2) The legal basis is our legitimate interest in ensuring a smooth
connection setup and a comfortable use of the website as well as in the
possibility to evaluate system security and stability and to pursue
further administrative purposes in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1
lit. f GDPR.
(3) The data will not be passed on or used in any other way.
(1) In addition to the purely informational use of our website, we offer various services which you can use if you are interested. For this purpose, you must generally provide further personal data, which we use to perform the respective service and to which the aforementioned data processing principles apply. In some cases we use external service providers to process your data. These have been carefully selected and commissioned by us, are bound by our instructions and are regularly checked.(2) Furthermore, we will inform you in the respective offer about a transfer of your data outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA). If the level of data protection in a country in which the data is processed does not comply with the applicable data protection regulations, we will contractually ensure that the protection of your personal data is equivalent to that in Switzerland or the EU/EEA at all times, for example by incorporating the EU standard contractual clauses.
(1) If you send us enquiries via e-mail, your data will be stored for
the purpose of answering the enquiry and in the event of follow-up
questions. You will be required to provide your name and e-mail address.
Providing a telephone number and other data is voluntary and serves to
facilitate contact and to enable us to address you personally. These
data are stored and used solely for the purpose of responding to your
request or for establishing contact and the technical administration.
The legal basis for processing the data is our legitimate interest in
responding to your request in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f
GDPR.
(2) Your data will be deleted when your inquiry has been
finally
clarified and if no statutory retention obligations oppose this.
(1) If you have consented to the processing of your data, it is
possible at any time to withdraw this processing for the future. As a
result, your data will no longer be processed for the agreed purpose.
(2) If your data are processed on the basis of a weighing of
interests in accordance with the legal basis Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1
lit. e or f GDPR, you can object to this if you have special reasons
against processing the data.
(3) You also have the possibility to object to the processing of your
data for the purpose of direct marketing. Thus, your data will no
longer be processed for the purpose of direct advertising.
© Research Institute of Organic Agriculture (FiBL). All rights reserved. Last Update: 21/10/2020
Print page