http://www.nisra.gov.uk/privacy-and-cookies
Skip to content
Privacy and Cookies
Your privacy
This page explains the NISRA's privacy policy and how it will use and protect any information about you that you give when you visit this website.
Data Protection Legislation
Under Data Protection Legislation, NISRA has a legal duty to protect any information collected from you. This website uses leading technologies and encryption software to safeguard your data, and keeps strict security standards to prevent any unauthorised access to it.
What information does this website collect?
NISRA collects three kinds of information from visitors to the website:
feedback  (through visitors emailing us)
customer satisfaction surveys (via optional online surveys)
site usage information, using cookies and page tagging techniques including JavaScript
Feedback
Should you send an email to NISRA seeking advice or information that it is not in a position to give, your email may be passed to the appropriate government department, executive agency or Non Departmental Public Body who may be able to assist you further.Once NISRA has replied to you, a record of your message will be kept for audit purposes.
Site usage information - Cookies
Cookies are pieces of data that are often created when you visit a website, and which are stored in the cookies directory of your computer. Cookies are created when you visit NISRA. NISRA cookies store a random number on your computer to help count the number of times users return to the website. NISRA uses cookies to help administer online surveys and collect information about customer usage patterns.The cookies do not contain any personal information about you, and they cannot be used to identify an individual user. You can set your browser not to accept cookies.
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our website is used, this service may transfer traffic data to servers outside the UK. Information about Google’s privacy policy can be found on Google's website.
Cookies on social networking websites
We have links to social networking websites (for example Twitter, Facebook and YouTube). These websites may place cookies on your computer.
The social networking sites that this website links to are third party sites and this website does not have any control over the way that these sites use your data.  You should read their respective privacy policies carefully to find out what happens to any data that is collected when you use these services and to consider whether you want to opt out.
You can find more information on cookies on the nidirect website.
What happens when I link to another site?
This website contains links to other websites, both of government departments and of other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to this site, so you should always be aware when you are moving to another site and read the privacy statement of any other site(s) which may collect personal information about you.
This website does not pass on to any other site any personal information you have given.
What happens when I come to this website site from another site?
Where you are directed to this site from another website (whether a third party website or a government website) we may receive personal information relating to you from the other website(s). You should read the privacy policies for these websites as these will govern the use of any personal information that you provide and which is then provided to this website.
Access to your information
If you wish to see the NISRA records of any correspondence with you, within the last three months, or if you have a query or complaint about this privacy policy or about the website, you can contact NISRA using this email address.
info@nisra.gov.uk
Changes to this privacy policy
If this privacy policy changes in any way, an updated version will be placed on this page.
Further information
Further details on how your personal information is collected, stored and processed by NISRA is available below:
NISRA Privacy Notice