http://www.technic.com.au/privacy
Technic Pty Ltd - COMSOL Multiphysics® Sales and Support in Australia and New Zealand
Home
Products
AC/DC Module
RF Module
Wave Optics Module
MEMS Module
Plasma Module
Heat Transfer Module
Semiconductor Module
Structural Mechanics Module
Nonlinear Structural Materials Module
Geomechanics Module
Fatigue Module
Acoustics Module
CFD Module
Microfluidics Module
Mixer Module
Subsurface Flow Module
Multibody Dynamics Module
Pipe Flow Module
Batteries & Fuel Cells Module
Chemical Reaction Engineering Module
Electrodeposition Module
Corrosion Module
Molecular Flow Module
Optimisation Module
Material Library
Particle Tracing Module
CAD Import Module
Electrochemistry Module
ECAD Import Module
LiveLink™ for MATLAB®
LiveLink™ for Excel®
LiveLink™ for SolidWorks®
LiveLink™ for Pro/ENGINEER®
LiveLink™ for Solid Edge®
LiveLink™ for Creo™ Parametric
LiveLink™ for AutoCAD®
LiveLink™ for Inventor®
File Import for CATIA®V5
Design Module
Ray Optics Module
LiveLink™ for Revit®
Comsol Multiphysics ®
Comsol Server ™
Rotordynamics Module
Events
Seminars
Workshops
Training
Webinars
Prices/Trials
Free Offers
COMSOL Multiphysics Product Booklet
Introduction to COMSOL Multiphysics
Chemical Engineering Showcase
Chemical Reaction Engineering Simulations
COMSOL News 2013 (PDF 11.3MB)
COMSOL News 2014
COMSOL News 2015
IEEE Spectrum Multiphysics Simulation Magazine 2015
COMSOL News 2016
IEEE Spectrum Multiphysics Simulation Magazine 2016
Postprocessing & Visualization Handbook, Part 1
Postprocessing & Visualization Handbook, Part 2
COMSOL News 2017
COMSOL News 2018
Contact Us
Technic - Privacy Statement
Technic Pty Ltd is committed to maintaining our customers and visitors
privacy. As a user of our services you have the right to keep your
personal information private. This privacy statement ensures your
knowledge of our practices in information gathering, withholding of
and dissemination of any information stored within the company.
Collection:
Technic Pty Ltd collects information on our website visitors
collectively. Information includes pages visited, IP address and
duration of visits. This data is used solely for improvement of our
practices and our website experience. None of this information is
shared or sold.
IP Addresses:
Technic Pty Ltd does collect IP addresses as a means for accurately
checking the number of hits on a page, multiple hits by a single IP
address are removed. Personal information cannot be obtained nor be
traced by collecting the computer IP address.
Cookies/Applets & executables:
None of these are used, session information is maintained by our
servers not by the website. Automatic logins through cookies are not
allowed.
Third party dissemination of personal information:
Technic Pty Ltd does not share or distribute in any way information
to third parties other than that required by any legal responsibility.
Technic retains the right to delete any information received.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or with this
website, you can contact us in the following ways:
Email: info@technic.com.au
Telephone: +61 (0)3 6224 8690
Postal Address:
Technic Pty Ltd
Privacy Issues
GPO Box 879
Hobart TAS 7001
Australia
More Information About Your Privacy
For more information about privacy issues in Australia and
protecting your privacy, visit the Australian Federal Privacy
Commissioner's website. http://www.privacy.gov.au/
Latest COMSOL® News 2020 Magazine
COMSOL® News shows how high-tech organisations are using COMSOL Multiphysics® simulation software for product design, research, and development. Articles span many industries and engineering fields. Chances are you will find a suitable example...
Read More »
Request your very own trial of the full COMSOL suite with full support and no limitations
How will you use COMSOL Multiphysics® simulation software? Come and try it for yourself...
Read More »
COMSOL Multiphysics® based books
Author: Darrell W Pepper & David Carrington
Emission of pollutants and their accumulation due to poor ventilation and air exchange are serious prob... Buy this book »
Roger W. Pryor, PhD
Multiphysics Modeling Using COMSOL rapidly introduces the senior level undergraduate, graduate or professional scientist or eng... Buy this book »
Why Not Contact Us Today !
Contact Form
Name:
Email:
Telephone:
Subject:
Message:
By submitting you permit us to contact you.
Company Information !
Technic Pty Ltd
Registered in Australia
Australian Business No. 97 115 022 145
Our Contact Details !
Technic Pty Ltd
GPO Box 879
HOBART TAS
Australia 7001
Tel: +61 (03) 6224 8690
Email: info@technic.com.au
Copyright © Technic Pty Ltd, 2020 ABN: 97 115 022 145
Technic Privacy Statement
Template by OS Templates
(COMSOL®, COMSOL Multiphysics®, Capture the Concept, COMSOL Desktop®) are registered trademarks of COMSOL AB, LiveLink™ is an unregistered trademark of COMSOL AB, ACIS and SAT are registered trademarks of Spatial Corporation. AutoCAD, AutoCAD Inventor and Inventor are registered trademarks or trademarks of Autodesk, Inc., and/or its subsidiaries and/or affiliates in the USA and/or other countries. CATIA is a registered trademark of Dassault Systèmes or its subsidiaries in the US and/or other countries. Microsoft, Excel and Windows are registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Parasolid and Solid Edge are trademarks or registered trademarks of Siemens Product Lifecycle Management Software Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and in other countries. SolidWorks is a registered trademark of Dassault Systèmes SolidWorks Corporation. Creo and Pro/ENGINEER are trademarks or registered trademarks of PTC Inc. or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and in other countries. MATLAB is a registered trademark of The MathWorks, Inc. Amazon Web Services, the “Powered by Amazon Web Services” logo, Amazon EC2 and Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates in the United States and/or other countries. Mac and Macintosh are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Red Hat is a registered trademark of Red Hat, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries. Neither COMSOL nor any COMSOL products are affiliated with, endorsed by, sponsored by, or supported by any of these other trademark owners. Other product names, brand names or logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.