https://www.vws.org/policies/
PoliciesYou are here: Home / Policies
Privacy Policy
Valhalla Wilderness Society is committed to protecting the privacy of its members, donors and supporters.  The personal information that is shared with us is held in the strictest of confidence.  In no circumstances, is personal information sold or shared with others.
Valhalla Wilderness Society occasionally provides links to other web sites and documents that are not authored by us.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of these other sites.  The security on these sites is not expressed or implied by us providing the information link from our site.
It is necessary to collect minimal personal information as is required by law for a Charity to perform certain tasks such as accept donations, memberships, and issue receipts as specified by the Canada Revenue Agency and Charity Directorate. This includes name, mailing address, and telephone or email, so that we may contact you if necessary.
Financial and banking information that is provided via mail or telephone is used only for the purpose of processing payment for donations, memberships and merchandise.  Online banking information is not collected or stored by VWS.  This information is processed by a secure online banking hosted service, and VWS does not have access to this information.
Personal information such as name, mailing address, telephone or email may be used by Valhalla Wilderness Society to send updates and newsletters to our supporters — unless specifically requested not to do so.  You can make this request in the space provided on the donation/membership form or submit the request directly to us, if you wish the contact to be limited to receipt issuance only.
Refund Policy
Donations to Valhalla Wilderness Society are refundable within 30 days of the date of deposit, upon written request.
Annual membership can be canceled at anytime.  Membership is $10/person per annum.  All refund requests must be in writing.  The refund amount will be pro-rated based upon the amount of time remaining in the member’s membership year.
Terms of Use
The information, material and content provided in the pages of the Site (the “information”) may be changed at any time without notice.  Changes may be made to the Terms at any time without notice by updating this posting.  You agree to review the Terms regularly and your continued access or use of the Site will mean that you agree to any changes.
How Can We Help You?
If you have any questions or concerns about our website and the privacy and refund policies, please contact us by   —   telephone (250)358-2333   —   email  info@vws.org,   or by mailing to  —  Valhalla Wilderness Society, Attention: Administrator, PO Box 329, New Denver, British Columbia  Canada   V0G 1S0.  We will be glad to assist you with any questions you may have.
The VWS Website hosted by Secure by Design – 201- 625 Front Street, Nelson, BC – V1L 4B6 – 1 877-373-6121
Valhalla Widerness Society
Champion of conservation since 1975. We are a BC-Based wilderness conservation organization, specializing in the creation of parks and protected areas for wildlife and ecosystems.
Quick Links
Projects
About VWS
Recent News
Newsletter
Site Policies & Terms of Use
Contact Us
Telephone: 250.358.2333
Fax: 250.358.2748
Email: info@vws.org
Take Action
Donate now
Scroll to top