http://www.brunton.com/pages/privacy-terms
Privacy & Terms
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell, or rent your personal or business information with third parties for their promotional use. We may disclose or report information in limited circumstances where we believe in good faith that disclosure is required under the law.
Use of Web Technologies
We use a variety of technologies on our web site. Among these are cookies; a piece of information that our website provides to your browser when you visit our site. Cookies allow us to verify the login status of customers using products or services linked directly with our website, track point of entry to point of registration for those users participating in our online program. Cookies also allow us to track overall site usage and determine areas users prefer, enabling us to make your visit to our website easier by recognizing you when you return and helping to provide you with a customized experience. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information. If you choose to disable cookies, you may still use our site; however, you may have limited access to some areas within it.
Security
We take every precaution to protect the confidentiality and security of your information by using industry-recognized security safeguards such as firewalls, coupled with carefully developed security procedures to protect your information from loss, misuse or unauthorized alteration.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Web site. It is our intent to ensure our users are always aware of what information we collect and use, as well as under what circumstances we disclose it.
Outdoor
Compasses
Handheld Weather Stations
Monoculars
Professional
Geology
Forestry
Search & Rescue / Mountain Guides
Tactical
Shop by Instrument
Compasses
Transits
Handheld Weather Stations
Monoculars & Sightings
Accessories
Support
Contact Us
Store Locator
Product Registration
Product Manuals
Warranty
About
Brunton History
Blog
Pro Program
Store Locator