http://www.wardsci.com/cms/privacy
Processing your request...
Hidden_link
Hidden_link2
Hidden_link3
Keep my session open?
Yes
No
Ending In
The session is expired
Log In
Ok, I'll continue as logged out
Your session has expired. For your security, we have logged you out.
Would you like to log in again?
Log In
Log out
x
Sign In
Account email
Password
Forgot Password?
Remember me on this device
Create A Profile
Sign In
Quick Shop
0
items
/ 0.0
Items in Your Shopping Cart:
0 items in your Cart
Item Subtotal 0.0
Advanced Search
Products
New Products
AP Science
Biology
Chemistry and Chemicals
Clearance
Custom Kits
Distance Learning
Elementary
Environmental Science
Forensic Science
Geology/Earth Science
Healthcare Education
Lab Equipment and Supplies
Microscopes and Optics
Physics
Technology
Resources
COVID-19 & Distance Learning
Introducing Ward's World
Biology Resources
Chemistry Resources
Earth Science & Geology Resources
Physics Resources
Live Materials Care Guides
Safety Data Sheets
Recommended Material Lists
Professional Development
Current Promotions
Curriculum
AP Science
CASE
Project Lead the Way
Science Olympiad Kits
STEM
Discovery Education TechKits
State Test Kits
Edmentum Kits
NGSS (Next Generation Science Standards)
TEKS (Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills)
Catalog
Services
NEW! Ward's Quick Kits
Custom Geology Solutions
Custom Histology Slides
Ward's Custom Kit Solutions
Grants & Funding Services
Live Materials Delivery & Scheduling
Support
Customer Service
Ordering
Troubleshooting Tips
Live Materials Delivery & Scheduling
International Service
Sales Support
Talk to a Ward’s Scientist
My Profile
Create A Profile
Sign In
Printed from Ward's Science Website
User: [Anonymous]
Date: 12-11-2020
Time: 02:49
About
Contract Pricing
Discover What's New with Ward's Science
Guarantee
History
Careers
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Terms and Conditions
Home
>
About
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We Protect Your Right to Privacy wardsci.com respects your privacy. Our guidelines for protecting the information you provide us during your visit to our Web site appear below. Privacy Statement This statement discloses the privacy practices for wardsci.com. We have designed wardsci.com so that no personal identifying information is displayed online or is accessible to the general public. You can browse the Ward's Science web site and online catalogs without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. To obtain access to special site features including order history and saved shopping carts, we ask that you register on our site. Use of Data For ordering and operations purposes, we collect only the following information about our users: name, account number (if applicable), school or business name (if applicable), street address, state, zip code, phone number, country, and email address. For promotions we collect other information to help us track the success of the promotion (e.g., how you learned about the offer).We use the name and email address to manage registrations. We do not sell or distribute that information to any third party. We do not reveal your email address or other personal information, except to complete transactions with our third party suppliers. The zip code, state, and country information is used to assess our needs in the way of technology, for the purposes of offering the best possible service to our world-wide customer base. We do not sell or distribute this information to any third party. Information such as name, phone number, and credit card numbers are collected through third party partners of wardsci.com, such as Visa, MasterCard, and American Express. Use of Your Email Address When you provide us with your email address during registration for a newsletter or make a purchase from us, we will occasionally send you email with recommendations or notices of new products, prices, and services. This email may include paid advertisements from third parties. At the time that you register or make a purchase, you will be given an opportunity to opt out of this service. If you do not initially choose to opt out, you may still block future email of this type, simply by following the instructions at the bottom of the update messages. Separately, we send email to keep you informed about the status of your orders. These messages cannot be blocked. Registration During the wardsci.com checkout process, we ask you to provide us with contact information, such as name, email address, phone number, zip code, state, and country. We do not sell, rent, or share any customer information that we collect on our site. Links wardsci.com contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are 'clicking' to another Web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites, as their privacy policies may differ from ours. Cookies wardsci.com uses software tags called "cookies" to identify customers and track shopping baskets when they visit our site. Additionally, cookies help us to identify returning users so that we don't ask them to register with every visit. They also help us understand your buying preferences and customize our service to your needs. By recording which areas of the site you visit, cookies allow us to present information, products, and special offers that are most likely to be of interest to you. The information we collect with cookies is not sold, rented, or shared with any outside parties. We cannot provide a total secured shopping experience to users whose browsers are set to reject cookies. Log Files wardsci.com maintains log files of the traffic that visits the wardsci.com site. We do not link any information gathered in these log files to personally identifying information. Log files are used to manage traffic loads and information technology requirements for providing reliable service. Information collected includes IP addresses and browser types. Newsletter Newsletters are mailed only to users who opt in to the newsletter service. Users who wish to receive the newsletter must subscribe to it by entering their email address in the form and clicking "Go". Users who have subscribed can cancel their subscription by following instructions contained in each issue of the newsletter. Only an email address is required to receive the newsletter. Feedback We collect user feedback. Users who would like a response to specific questions concerning the service or their subscriptions are directed to the customer service area. These questions will be responded to as quickly as possible. We read all of our customer service queries and use the information contained therein only to resolve the question at hand. We may also post surveys on our site, ranging from one to ten questions. These surveys are optional and all information is collected anonymously. The information is collected to better understand our user population. It is not sold or transferred to any third party. Update User Information Users can update or correct, their personal information on wardsci.com by changing their profile information in "My Account". If you have any questions e-mail us at [email protected].
Information Security All information gathered on the wardsci.com site is stored and maintained in secure facilities that limit access to authorized personnel only. Our personnel can only access the information through a series of access-control procedures. All wardsci.com employees are briefed about the company's privacy and security policies on a regular basis. The wardsci.com Web site is regularly tested for security breaches to ensure that all information collected is secure from unauthorized viewing. SSL Our current security technology is Secured Socket Layer (SSL). The SSL protocol provides connection security that has three basic properties:
The connection is private. Encryption is used after an initial handshake to define a secret key. Symmetric cryptography is used for data encryption (e.g., DES[DES], RC4[RC4], etc.)
The peer's identity can be authenticated using asymmetric, or public key, cryptography (e.g., RSA[RSA], DSS[DSS], etc.).
The connection is reliable. Message transport includes a message integrity check using a keyed MAC. Secure hash functions (e.g., SHA, MD5, etc.) are used for MAC computations.
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time.
Contact Us 5100 West Henrietta RoadPost Office Box 92912Rochester, NY  14692-9012Fax: 585-334-6174Phone: 585-359-2502Toll-Free: 800-962-2660Toll-Free Fax:  800-635-8439Email: [email protected]
Ward’s Science in Your Inbox!
Subscribe Now
Latest products, exclusive offers, and more.
Manage your email preferences.
Ordering
Request a Catalog
Guarantee
Returns
How to Order
Preview Policy
Information
About
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
International Service
California Proposition 65
Community
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest
Instagram
Careers
Copyright © 2020 Ward's Science. All rights reserved.
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES