https://www.skylinesoft.com/privacy-policy
Home
UAV Solutions
Industries
Customer Showcase
Disaster Relief
Agriculture and Mining
Defense and Intelligence
Mapping and Surveying
Public Safety
Urban and Transportation Planning
Utilities, Oil and Gas
Products
TerraBuilder
TerraExplorer for Desktop
PhotoMesh
SkylineGlobe Server
TerraExplorer for Mobile
TerraExplorer for Web
Services
Co-Production
Hosting
News
News
Webinars
Events
Latest Releases
Support
Knowledge Base
Resources
Download Center
Technical Support
Developers
TEW Developer Center
TED Developer Center
Developer Community
Product Update Request
Gigapixel Request
Reseller Evaluation Requests
Tutorials
Company
About Skyline
Education Program
Privacy Policy
Contact
Corporate Office
Global Distribution and Resellers Network
SkylineGlobe Australia
Skyline DACH and CEE
SkylineGlobe UK
Skyline Privacy Policy Information
Revised & Posted as of November 03, 2020
The website located at www.skylinesoft.com (the “Website”) is operated by SKYLINE SOFTWARE SYSTEMS, INC. (the “Company”), (the Company may hereinafter also be referred to as “us,” “we,” and “our”). The Company has created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate its firm commitment to the privacy of its visitors and customers. The Company is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of personally identifiable information you share with us (the phrases “Personally Identifiable Information” and “Personal Information” mean any information by which you, individually, can be identified, such as your name, address, telephone number, etc.). We do not collect personally identifiable information on our Website unless you voluntarily submit it to us. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you when you visit the Website about: how we collect or obtain information, what type of information we collect, how we use such information, with whom we may share the information and for what purpose, your privacy rights, the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review and correct, your information, and how to contact us. We are committed to respecting your privacy and hold ourselves to high national and international standards, including GDPR compliance.
A Special Notice about Children
The Company does not sell products or applications to children (under the age of 18) and children are not eligible to use the Website for that purpose and we ask that children do not submit any Personal Information to us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from children, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. Children under the age of 18 may only use the Website, with the involvement and supervision of a parent or guardian, solely for purposes of research and education.
General
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this Website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following: what information we collect; with whom it may be shared; how it can be corrected; how it is secured; and how to address concerns over misuse of personal data. In general, you may visit various pages of the Website without telling us who you are or revealing any Personal Information about yourself. We, or our web hosting provider, may track the Internet domain address (“Internet Protocol or IP address”) from which people visit the Website and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous unless they voluntarily tell us who they are.
When you access an application, order a product or subscribe to a service, we will ask you to provide personal information about yourself and/or your company, such as your name, Username or User ID, password, shipping/billing addresses, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card information, occupation or position within your company, and any document or customer data uploaded by you to the cloud service platform. Whether or not you choose to provide the information we request is entirely up to you. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products or applications, or access certain services and content on the Website.
Collection and Use of Personal and Business Information
If you choose to provide information to us through our online registration, you may be asked to provide us with Personal Information, including your name, address, postal address and telephone number, your e-mail address, a password, and other identifying information. Anytime that you provide Personal Information you will be required to formally indicate that you have read and are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Name and Contact Data: We collect your first and last name, title, company or institution name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials: We collect passwords, hints and security information for account access and authentication.
Payment Data: If you choose to purchase a product or service from us our payment processor will collect data necessary to process your payment which is stored by our payment processor and you should review its privacy policies and contact our payment processor to inquire about privacy of your payment information.
We also may ask you for personal information when you ask us for information, subscribe to a Company service or publication, or download information. Your personal information enables us to provide you with the information you have requested, fulfill your purchases, provide you with information regarding future products, services and events, allow you to participate in the interactive features of our Website when you choose to do so, and to provide customer service or support. We also use your personal information to help identify you if you lose your password, request to generate or replace your password, and to help you quickly find information on the Website.
Tracking: We may also collect data concerning your use of the Website, such as by using an embedded image in an email in order to track if you open our email communications and using a URL within our email that enables us to identify whether you have taken a follow-up action such as visiting the Website. This enables us to identify your interest in our company and allows us to offer you opportunities on issues of interest to you. We do not respond to Do Not Track requests.
If you believe that any of your personal information is incorrect, or has been changed since your registration at the Website, please send an e-mail message to privacy@skylinesoft.com explaining the correction or change and provide any relevant confirmation or reference number.
European Union-United States Data Privacy Regulations
Skyline Software Systems, Inc. is monitoring recent developments related to compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information) governing the flow of data between the European Union (EU) to the United States for commercial purposes. Company is also monitoring potential developments concerning the U.S. Clarifying Lawful Overseas use of Data (CLOUD) Act and this legislation’s potential conflict with EU data protection laws. Company will continue to monitor other domestic privacy legislations, such as California’s Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) which should affect our Privacy Policy in the future and how it will interact with other international privacy regulations.
European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
On May 25, 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), a significant change to European Union (EU) privacy law, took effect. The regulation prioritizes an individual’s right to control their personal information. Company is committed to compliance with the GDPR by providing privacy protection to all our customers. How GDPR applies to Company?
Company is both a controller and processor of personal information, and that information is stored solely in the United States. We control the personal information of those with whom we directly interact. Examples include end-users who create SKYLINE solution Accounts or fill out a form on our website. We are a processor of personal information for other controller organizations (i.e., our customers) who have entrusted us with processing personal information that they control. Examples of this include customer’s data that is uploaded to our cloud service platform, and contact information provided to us for a customer organization.
The GDPR lists legal bases that allow controllers (like Company) to process personal information, such as contractual necessity, legal obligation, vital interests, public interest, legitimate interest, and consent. Most of the service we provide to customers would be considered a contractual necessity or a legitimate interest. In other cases (e.g., web browsing tracking, marketing), we obtain direct affirmative consent before collecting any personal information. Company is committed to protecting your personal information from any attacks or data breaches. We have implemented appropriate security controls throughout our business systems. In the event of a data breach, we will honor the GDPR requirements for notification.
Notifications to User: Process by which Consumer can review and request changes to Personally Identifiable Information collected, and the Legal Process for Processing Personal Data and Your Data Protection Rights under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We will notify you directly of our privacy policy changes. For questions about changes, please send an e-mail message to privacy@skylinesoft.com Upon receipt of such changes, you will be provided an opportunity to withdraw if you do not agree with the change.
If you are a consumer located within the United States, the EU, or are from the European Economic Area (EEA), the Company’s legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the personal data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. The Company may process your Personal Information because:
We need to perform a contract with you;
You have given us permission to do so;
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights;
To comply with the law
If you are a resident of the EU and/or EEA, you have certain data protection rights. The Company aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Information. We do not conduct automatic profiling. If you wish to be informed what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to be informed. The purpose of this Privacy Policy, as updated from time to time, is to provide a fair and clear processing information about the type of data collected and it is being used.
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have    on you. Upon your request, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Information. Where possible we may provide remote access to a secure system which would provide you with direct access to your personal data.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information and object to specific uses such as for direct marketing or scientific research.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your Personal Information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used formats, so you can obtain and transfer personal data from one service provider to another.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where the Company relied on your consent to process your personal information.
The right to complain. Please note that the Company may ask you to verify your identity before       responding to such requests. You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in    the EU or EEA.
Data Protection Officer. Company has a Data Protection Officer who is responsible for matters relating to privacy and data protection. This Data Protection Officer can be reached at the following address:
Data Protection Officer
SKYLINE SOFTWARE SYSTEMS, INC.
13873 Park Center Road, Suite 201
Herndon, VA 20171 USA
Cookies
The Website uses session management cookie technology to improve the quality of your experience. A cookie is a small file that contains information sent by a website that is saved on your hard disk by your computer’s browser. Cookies store information that a website may need in order to personalize your experience and gather website statistical data. Any time you visit the Website to browse or to read or download information, we collect and store the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet (for example, msn.com, aol.com, etc.); the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access the Website; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the Website. We use information from cookies in the aggregate to analyze for trends and statistics, and then discard it—we do not track individuals, only instances of entry onto the Website. We never use cookies with any identifying information.
Some consumers may not know that cookies are being placed on their computers when they visit websites. If you want to know when this happens, or to prevent it from happening, you can set your browser to advise you when a website attempts to place a cookie on your computer. Cookies are not essential to viewing the Website. You may block them without loss of site functionality.
Do We Share Your Information?
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside of the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Information, to the United States and process it there.
We will share your Personal Information with our partners, suppliers, and with third-party independent contractors for purposes of: (1) performing functions on behalf of the Company, such as processing credit card transactions; (2) allowing us to provide you with our products or services; and (3) providing you with product information via e-mail or postal mail. Our partners and third-party independent contractors are obligated contractually not to use or share your personal information for unauthorized purposes.
The Company may also disclose your Personal Information to comply with a court order, subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process; to comply with legal, regulatory, or administrative requirements of any governmental authorities; to protect and defend the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, attorneys, agents, contractors, and partners, in connection with any legal action, claim, or dispute; to enforce the Terms and Conditions of Use of the Website; to prevent imminent physical harm; and in the event that we find that your actions on the Website violate any laws, our Terms and Conditions of Use, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
We may disclose personally identifiable information to the extent we reasonably believe it is necessary to protect the security or integrity of our operations; to take precautions against liability; in the event of a security breach, or to take action to prevent, minimize, or remedy any harm from the breach; or to the extent permitted by law, to provide information to a law enforcement agency or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety.
We reserve the right to transfer your Personal Information to a successor third party in the event of a transfer of all or substantially all of the Company’ assets, provided that the third party agrees to adopt and/or adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Opt Out
You may “opt out” of having your Personal Information shared for purposes of receiving product offers via e-mail or postal mail, and from receiving product offers directly from us via e-mail or postal mail, by simply clicking on the box stating “I Do Not Agree” provided in the Website the first time you use your login and password to access the area of the Website that requires registration. Additionally, you can opt out by providing us written notice identifying which communications you choose not to receive by writing us at: privacy@skylinesoft.com or Opt-Out Administrator, 13873 Park Center Road, Suite 201, Herndon, VA 20171, USA.
If you choose not to give us your Personal Information at all, you can still access the Website; however, you will not be able to access areas that require registration, purchases, access to proprietary information or Personal Information.
Third-Party Hosting
The Company contracts with a third party to maintain and host the Website and/or our platform for services. Therefore, any information you submit, including Personal Information, will be placed and stored on a computer server maintained by this third-party host. The third party has agreed to implement technology and security features and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of your Personal Information from unauthorized access or improper use.
Site Technologies
The Company does not provide the technologies used to build the Website, and therefore, neither recommends nor endorses the same. Any information regarding identified technologies, including their capabilities, limitations, and applications, which is not specifically identified as Company’s proprietary technology, should be sought directly from their manufacturers. The Company hereby disclaims any rights to trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, copyrights, patents, domain names, or other intellectual property interests of third parties.
Links to Other Materials
The Website may contain links to other sites. These links are an accommodation to the respective third-party site owners and for your convenience. Sites linked to and from the Website are not necessarily under the control of the Company, and the Company shall have no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the content or privacy practices of any linked sites, or any link or linking program at any time. You should read and understand the Company’s policies with respect to such third-party links, as stated in the Terms and Conditions of Use of the Website.
Security
The Website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Please remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While the Company strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, the Company cannot guarantee its absolute security. Our third-party payment processor is responsible for and handles all credit card information and utilizes state-of-the-art secure encryption and electronic transactions technology.
Effective Date and Changes
This Privacy Policy is effective as of November 3, 2020. The Company reserves the right to modify the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time and in its sole discretion, by posting a change notice on this page or on a successor page. The new version will become effective on the date it is posted, which will be listed at the top of the page as the new Effective Date. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE WEBSITE AND ITS FEATURES FOLLOWING OUR POSTING OF A CHANGE NOTICE WILL CONSTITUTE BINDING ACCEPTANCE OF THOSE CHANGES.
Contact
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact the Company at privacy@skylinesoft.com
Copyright © 2020  Skyline Software Systems Inc