http://www.globalte.com/privacy
I have a TEG
Ask the Experts
Get a Quote
Contact Us
Blog
ProductsThermoelectric Generators (TEGs)OverviewSizing a TEG systemTEG Training DatesI Have a TEGSolar HybridOverviewHow it WorksApplicationsValue AnalysisModelsCustom SolutionsM-Series Power GeneratorsGlobalChargeBrochure LibraryDocument ArchiveSolar HybridOverviewHow it WorksApplicationsValue AnalysisModelsCustom SolutionsM-Series Power GeneratorsGlobalChargeFuel Conditioning & ManagementSizing a TEG systemElectrical Shelters & EnclosuresInstrument Air SystemsApplicationsUpstreamMidstreamOffshoreCustom Power SolutionsCase StudiesAboutOur HistoryVision / ValuesBlogFAQsTEG Training DatesGlobal Presence MapCareersIndustry Registrations
Home
Privacy
This Privacy Policy has been prepared by Global Power Technologies (“GPT”, “we”, “us”, “our”) and sets out the manner in which GPT collects, uses, discloses and otherwise manages personal information. The Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices on the GPT website, www.globalte.com (the “Website”).
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Product Information:
When you request product specifications, we collect certain information including your name, telephone number, email address and country. We use this information to provide you with the requested product information.
Get A Quote:
When you request a quote, you may provide us with certain personal information, including your name, address, email address, telephone number, inquiry and your contact preferences. We use this information to prepare and provide you with the requested quote and to deliver requested GPT products and services.
Marketing Communications:
When you sign-up for marketing communications, we may use your information to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. You can opt-out of receiving future marketing and promotional communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link included in our email communications or by contacting us as set out under Contact Us below.
Contact Us:
When you contact us with a comment, question or complaint, you may be asked for information that identifies you such as your name, address, email address and a telephone number along with additional information we may need to help us promptly answer your question or respond to your comment or complaint. We may retain this information to assist you in the future and to improve our customer service and product and service offerings. We also use personal information to establish and manage our relationship with you and provide quality service.
Employment:
In connection with a job application or related inquiry, you may provide us with certain personal information about yourself (such as that contained in a resume, cover letter or similar employment-related materials). This information will be used for the purpose of processing and responding to your application for current and future career opportunities.
Disclosure and Sharing of Personal Information
We will not disclose, trade, rent, sell or otherwise transfer your personal information without your consent, except as otherwise set out herein.
Service Providers:
Your personal information may be transferred (or otherwise made available) to our affiliates and other third parties who provide services on our behalf. Our service providers are given the information they need to perform their designated functions, and are not authorized to use or disclose personal information for their own marketing or other purposes.
Your personal information may be maintained and processed by us, our affiliates and other third party service providers in the US or other jurisdictions. In the event personal information is transferred to the US or other foreign jurisdiction, it will be subject to the laws of that jurisdiction and may be disclosed to or accessed by the courts, law enforcement and governmental authorities in accordance with those laws.
Legal/Compliance:
GPT, its affiliates and its Canadian, US and other foreign service providers may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order, or to another organization for the purposes of investigating a breach of an agreement or contravention of law or detecting, suppressing or preventing fraud, or as otherwise required or permitted by applicable Canadian, US or other law. Your personal information may also be disclosed where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and to investigate or prevent actual or suspect loss or harm to persons or property.
Sale of Business:
Personal information may be provided to third parties in connection with a merger or sale (including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving all or part of GPT or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control, including for the purpose of determining whether to proceed or continue with such transaction or business relationship.
Additional Information about our Website
Visiting our Website
We and/or our service providers collect IP (Internet protocol) addresses from all visitors to the Website and other related information such as page requests, browser type, operating system and average time spent on our Website. This information is used to help us understand our Website activity, and to monitor and improve the Website.
Cookies, Tracer Tags & Web Beacons
Our Website uses a technology called “cookies”. A cookie is a tiny element of data that our Website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can recognize you when you return. We use cookies on the pages on our Website where you are prompted to log in or that are customizable. If you have registered with our Website, these cookies (1) may let us know who you are, (2) may be necessary to access your account information (stored on our computers) in order to deliver products and personalized services, and (3) will provide us and our service 3 providers with information that we will use to personalize our Website in accordance with your preferences.
You may set your Web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to not accept certain cookies. However, if you decide not to accept cookies from our Website, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the features of our Website.
Our Website may also use a technology called “tracer tags” or “Web Beacons”. This technology allows us to understand which pages you visit on our Website. These tracer tags are used to help us optimize and tailor our Website for you and other future visitors.
Third Party Links
Our Website may contain links to other sites that we do not own or operate, including social media websites. Except as provided herein, we will not provide any of your personal information to these third parties without your consent. We provide links to third party websites as a convenience to the user. These links are not intended as an endorsement of, or referral to, the linked websites. The linked websites have separate and independent privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully. We do not have any control over such websites, and therefore we have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked websites may collect, use or disclose, secure and otherwise treat your personal information.
Safeguards and Retention
We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical and physical measures in an effort to safeguard the personal information in our custody and control against theft, loss and unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure. We restrict access to your personal information on a need-to-know basis to employees and authorized service providers who require access to fulfil their job requirements.
We have personal information retention processes designed to retain personal information of our customers for no longer than necessary for the purposes stated above or to otherwise meet legal requirements.
Access to Your Personal Information
You have the right to access, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
You may request access, updating and corrections of inaccuracies in personal information we have in our custody or control by emailing or writing to us at the contact information set out below. We may request certain personal information for the purposes of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to their personal information records.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically to reflect changes to our personal information practices. We will post the updated Privacy Policy on our Website.
Contact Us
Please contact our Privacy Officer if:
you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy,
you wish to access, update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information, or
you otherwise have a question or complaint about the manner in which we or our service providers treat your personal information.
Global Power Technologies
16, 7875 – 57 Street SE
Calgary, Alberta, Canada  T2C 5K7
With Great Power Comes Great Service
With minimal training, our systems are easily serviced yourself, but we are available to provide professional service any time, any place.
MORE ABOUT TEG TRAINING
Headquarters
16, 7875 – 57 Street SE
Calgary, AB, Canada T2C 5K7
+1-403-236-5556
gptsales@globalte.com
Sign Up & Stay in Touch
Thanks for signing up!
Email Address
First Name
Your Country
Sign Up
© 2020 Global Power Technologies
Privacy Policy
Website by mediadog
Connect
Industry Registrations