https://www.zoo.org.au/privacy-and-legal/
Skip to main content
Zoos Victoria privacy policy
The Zoological Parks and Gardens Board of Victoria (Zoos Victoria) is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information (as that term is defined in the Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014 (Vic)) and those who use our digital media (such as our website, apps, social media, e-news or interactives). We understand that people are concerned about their privacy and the confidentiality and security of any information that is provided.
This Privacy policy aims to provide you with information on:
What information we collect and how
How we use and disclose your personal information
How to contact us if you have any privacy concerns.
This version of our privacy policy is current as of 29 July 2019. The policy may change from time to time. We encourage you to review this Statement from time to time.
Information collected by Zoos Victoria
For each visitor to our website or social media site or e-news, we may collect the following type of information for statistical purposes:
Number of users who visit;
Date and time of the visits;
Pages accessed;
User's top-level domain name (for example .com or .gov);
Previous site visited;
Type of browser used;
Type of device use user's operating system (such as Windows or Macintosh) and/or mobile device (such as Apple iPhone);
Google Analytics (or other 3rd party vendor) demographics and interest reporting (such as what country you are from, what language your computer is set to, age group, gender and interest area).
This is anonymous statistical data and no attempt will be made to identify users. We use this data to evaluate our website and to improve the content we display to you.
We also use technology called cookies when you visit our site. Cookies are pieces of information that a website can transfer to an individual's computer hard drive for record-keeping. Your cookie may be sent at various times during your visit to our website and may be updated as you access our many different areas.
Online Advertising and RemarketingWe use Google AdWords, Facebook Pixel and other 3rd party vendor remarketing tools to advertise trigger ads across the Internet. AdWords (and other vendors) remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of the Zoos Victoria website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your machine and/or use Facebook Pixel or Google Tag Manager technology (using your internet browser).
THIS COOKIE DOES NOT IN ANYWAY IDENTIFY YOU OR GIVE ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER.
The cookie or similar technology is used to say “This person visited this page, so show them ads relating to that page.” Google AdWords (or other 3rd party vendor) remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.
In addition to the information that we collect, we may ask you for personal information at other times, such as (but not limited to) when you:
By written correspondence, over the phone or in person;
Through our website such as online purchases, submit a web form, or updating any information if access is provided on our web portal;
Purchase a ticket upon entry;
Access our free onsite WiFi;
Using a zoo app;
Join a Zoo Membership Program;
Renew your Zoo Membership;
Participate in a community or conservation campaign;
Enter promotions or competitions;
Respond to a survey;
Participate in a discussion forum;
Request information from us;
Make a donation or join a sponsorship program;
Apply to help us in a voluntary capacity (including work experience);
Are filmed during your visit to the zoo;
Make a booking for a group visit or attendance at a Zoo function; or
Join an e-newsletter (including news, events and special offers).
From third parties such as ticketing agent and partners and supporters
Wherever we collect personal information, we will include a link to this privacy policy, where possible.
If your personal information is not collected then we may not be able to provide you with the information or assistance sought from us.
Use and disclosure of your personal information
Zoos Victoria will use your personal information for the purpose for which it was provided to us.  Zoos Victoria may also use your information:
To keep you informed about special promotions, events and other special offers and discounts relevant to the Zoo, its members program and  business partners;
For planning, research, marketing and product and service development purposes; and
For community and conservation campaigns.
Zoos Victoria may disclose your information to specialist service providers such as, but not limited to:
Data analysis specialists;
Statement producers;
Data mail houses;
Data processing organisations; and
Specialist call centres.
Where such disclosures are made, Zoos Victoria will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information through the use of confidentiality agreements and other contractual obligations.
Where we have taken photographs or filmed you at the zoo, we may use those images in marketing campaigns or for internal training. If we propose to use those images in relation to a marketing campaign, we will seek your consent first.
Aggregated (or de-identified) data may be shared with approved business partners from time to time, for analysis and research purposes. It may also be used in the development of products and services and promotional offers.
In limited circumstances, we may publish names in our promotional materials, such as winners of competitions.
Zoos Victoria never sells or rents your details to third parties. We do not sell lists ever!
Information collected by external organisations
Some sponsors and advertisers or websites that have links on our site may collect personal information about you when you access or utilise those links. We do not control the collection or use of such information, and the practices of those sponsors and advertisers or websites are not covered by this privacy policy.
Storage of and access to personal information
In all cases where Zoos Victoria retains your personal information for our purposes, we treat it the same way as we treat our other confidential information. Except as set out in this policy, we do not sell (or otherwise make available) the information to any other organisation, unless required to do so by law.
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect about you and use is accurate, complete and up-to-date. You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you at any time. If the information is not accurate, complete or up-to-date, you can ask us to modify our records.
You can make a request to access to, or modification of, the information we keep about you by writing to:
Privacy OfficerZoos VictoriaPO Box 74Parkville VIC 3052
If you would like to make a complaint to Zoos Victoria regarding this policy or your personal information generally, please contact our Privacy Officer at the address above.