http://www.jax.org/terms-of-use
Research & Faculty
Overview
Locations
JAX Mammalian Genetics
JAX Genomic Medicine
A-Z Faculty Listing
A-Z Research Labs
Data Science at JAX
Tools and Resources
Research Centers
Careers
Education & Learning
Education & Learning Home
Education Calendar
Online Learning
Courses
In Person
Online MiniCourses
Virtual
Bioinformatics Training Program
Clinicians
Clinical Topics
Course Offerings
Cancer Genetic Clinical Education
Precision Medicine for Your Practice
Postbacc, Ph.D., and Postdoctoral Programs
Cooperative Ph.D. Training
Postdoctoral Associates
Postbacc at JAX
Students & Teachers
Maine State Science Fair
Summer Student Program
Academic Year Fellowships
Teacher Professional Development
Genetics Learning Resources
College Scholarship
Jax Mice & Services
Find & Order Mice
Why JAX Mice
Search JAX Mice
Order JAX Mice
NSG™ Variants Portfolio
Humanized Mice
Popular Strains
Biospecimens
Surgical & Preconditioning Services
Solutions by Therapeutic Area
Cardiovascular
Metabolic Diseases
Oncology
Rare Diseases
Neurobiology
Autoimmune
Model Generation
Breeding & Rederivation
Breeding Services
Rederivation
Speed Expansion
Speed Congenics
Strain Rescue
Genome Scanning
In Vivo Pharmacology
Explore Immunology Solutions
Explore Neurobiology Solutions
Explore Oncology Solutions
Oncology
PDX Models
Humanized Mice
Neurobiology
Immunology
Antibody Evaluation
Cryo & Strain Donation
Cryopreservation
Strain Donation
Cryorecovery
Clinical Services
Customer Support
Research Continuity
Customer Service
Technical Help
Animal Health
Request Literature
Become a Customer
Availability, Pricing and Shipping
Mouse Identification Services
Events
Breakthrough Lab
Online Resources
Personalized Medicine
What is Personalized Medicine?
Genetics vs. genomics
Ethical considerations
Personalized medicine and you
What is CRISPR?
Mice in Biomedical Research
Areas of Research
Addiction
Aging
Alzheimer's & Other Dementias
Cancer
Diabetes
Microbiome
Rare diseases
Vision
Clinical Knowledgebase
Maine Cancer Genomics Initiative
News
JAX News
JAX Blog
Minute to Understanding
Subscribe
Press Room
The Search Magazine
Explore by Topic
About Us
Facts
Locations
Impact
History
Leadership
Careers
Contact Us
Legal
Give
JAX Home
Terms of use
The Jackson Laboratory maintains this website and all of its content (the "Site") for your information, education and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site. Your access to and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws. By accessing, using, and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreements between you and The Jackson Laboratory are superseded and of no force or effect.
Terms and Conditions
You may download
or use material displayed on the Site for non-commercial, non-clinical, personal
use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary
notices contained on the materials. You may not use the Site for clinical or diagnostic purposes,
including for medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment.  You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or
use the content of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including
the text, images, audio and video without The Jackson Laboratory's written
permission.
Everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted
unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these
Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Site without the written
permission of The Jackson Laboratory.
While The Jackson Laboratory uses reasonable efforts to
include accurate and up to date information in the Site, The Jackson
Laboratory makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy or
completeness.  Everything on the
Site is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS, OR THAT THE SITE WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED OR FREE OF OMISSIONS, ERRORS, OR DEFECTS. Please note that
some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so
some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws
for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied
warranties.
ANY USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR RISK. The Jackson
Laboratory assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or
omissions in the content of the Site.  Neither The Jackson Laboratory
nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the Site
is liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or punitive
damages of any kind arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site.
The Jackson Laboratory also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be
liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer
equipment or other property relating to your access to, use of, or
browsing in the Site or your downloading of any content, materials, data,
text, images, video or audio from the Site.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site
by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments,
suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as non-confidential and
non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by The Jackson
Laboratory or its affiliates for any purpose, including, but not limited
to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and
posting. Furthermore, The Jackson Laboratory is free to use any ideas,
concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any communication you send
to the Site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to,
developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such
information.
Images of people or places displayed on the Site are
either the property of, or used with permission by, The Jackson
Laboratory. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by
you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and
Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site. Any
unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws,
the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and
statutes.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively
the "Trademarks") displayed on the Site, including JAX® Mice and
JAX® GEMM® are registered and unregistered Trademarks of The Jackson
Laboratory and others. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed
as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right
to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission
of The Jackson Laboratory or such third party that may own the Trademarks
displayed on the Site. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the
Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Terms
and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that The
Jackson Laboratory will aggressively enforce its intellectual property
rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal
prosecution.
The Jackson Laboratory has not reviewed all of the
sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the content of any
off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any
other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Although The Jackson Laboratory may from time to time
monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin
boards, and the like on the Site, The Jackson Laboratory is under no
obligation to and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the
content of any such locations nor for any error or omission, defamation,
libel, slander, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or
inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on the Site.
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening,
libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic or
profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage
conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil
liability, or otherwise violate any law. The Jackson Laboratory will fully
cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting
or directing The Jackson Laboratory to disclose the identity of anyone posting
any such information or materials.
Software from this Site is further subject to United
States Export Controls. No software from this Site may be downloaded or
exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya,
North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the United States
has embargoed goods; or (ii) anyone on the United States Treasury
Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce
Department's Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or using the software,
you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control
of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such
list.
The Jackson Laboratory may at any time revise these
Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such
revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the
then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
We use cookies to personalize our website and to analyze web traffic to improve the user experience. You may decline these cookies although certain areas of the site may not function without them. Please refer to our privacy policy for more information.
Settings
Allow essential cookies
Required for basic site operations.
Allow analytics cookies
Used to analyze web traffic to improve the user experience.
Allow marketing cookies
Used to deliver personalized information and tailor communications.
Save and close