http://www.ptrms.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy and the protection of your data is important to us. Our data privacy practice complies with the provisions of the GDPR (“DSGVO”) and Austrian TKG 2003. IONICON Analytik Gesellschaft m.b.H., Eduard-Bodem-Gasse 3, 6020 Innsbruck, Austria is the body responsible for data acquisition. Version: September 2018.
Acquisition, processing and use of personal data
You can visit our website without providing any personal data.
Contacting us and responding to your inquiry
Personal data will only be collected if submitted by you during a contact request. We will use the data submitted by you to perform and process your order or answer your request. In this respect, we may share your data only with our direct representatives (sales agents, distributors or resellers) in your local region (if applicable) who are at your service, can support you directly – often in your language and time zone - and may provide information to you.
Entering into a contract with us
If you place an order with us, your data furthermore will be transmitted to the shipping company commissioned with the delivery provided that this is necessary in order to deliver the products.
Some of our products require an export license and for applying this with the Austrian authorities as well as for reporting our activities, we will share your data with the Austrian government (if applicable).
Customer Testimonials and Comments
We post customer testimonials and comments on our Websites, which may contain Personal Information. We obtain each customer's consent via email before posting the customer's name and testimonial.
General procedures
Your name, address, purchased goods and date of purchase as well as delivery are also stored until the end of product liability (10 years). Data processing takes place on the basis of the statutory provisions of § 96 (3) TKG and Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a (consent) and / or lit b (necessary for fulfillment of the contract) of the GDPR.
We use products by Google Inc. ("Google") in our company for our internal as well as external communication which means that your communication with us is protected by EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework which Google is certified for and we have concluded appropriate amendments to the Google service contracts (more information).
Newsletters
If you subscribe to our newsletter which you can do by expressing your consent on our contact form or other newsletter application forms or by giving us your contact details at an event like workshops we organize, conferences or trade shows, your e-mail address will be used for our marketing purposes until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. We use a “double opt-in” system to ensure your active consent. Therefore, as soon as you have subscribed to the newsletter, we will send you a confirmation e-mail with a link to confirm the registration, unless we enter your details ourselves and do not use an automated system. Once you are signed up, we will send you periodical updates to products, applications, technologies, events and our company in general. You may unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each newsletter e-mail.
If we receive your e-mail address in connection with selling a product or service and you did not object, we reserve the right to e-mail you product recommendations from our product range based on previous purchases. You can object to this use of your e-mail address at any time by sending an e-mail to us or by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each newsletter e-mail.
We use a US-based company as email provider for our newsletters which is certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and therefore compliant with GDPR regulations to protect your data (privacy statement).
Our Events
If you sign-up to events on our website you will need to tell us personal data in order for us to register you to our events. We will use this data for the planning and execution of the event to ensure the best possible experience for you. In case you asked us to book an accommodation for you we will also share your data with the respective hotel as well as the food & beverage caterers, and if necessary with sites that we might visit together with you and transportation providers that we will use in connection to the event.
We may take pictures and/or record videos in connection to the events. If you register for and come to one of our events you give us your consent to using this material for promotional purposes on our websites, social media channels and email newsletters.
We may also share your data with the other participants of the event, in case you give us your express consent upon the registration or at the event itself.
We may use a service provide to handle the registration data for us. It is a US-based company which is certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and therefore compliant with GDPR regulations to protect your data (privacy statement).
Website Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. We have also added the code "anonymizeIP" to Google Analytics on this website which removes the last octet of your IP address so that it will be collected anonymously. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to Google servers in the US to be truncated there.
On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use the information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing the website operator with other services related to website activity and internet usage. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, please note that in doing so you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Moreover, you can prevent the data related to your use of the website generated by the cookie (incl. your IP address) from being transmitted to Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in under the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
The data processing takes place on the basis of the legal regulations of the § 96 Abs 3 TKG as well as the art 6 Abs 1 a) (consent) and / or f (legitimate interest) of the DSGVO.
Cookies
On a number of pages, we use cookies to make visiting our website more attractive and enable the use of certain functions. The term “cookies” refers to small information files that your browser can store on your computer. The process of storing a cookie is also referred to as “setting a cookie”.
Based on your wishes, you can set your browser either to be informed when a cookie is stored, so that you can decide on acceptance on a case-by-case basis, or to accept all cookies, or to reject all cookies.
Cookies can be used for a variety of purposes, e.g., to recognize that your PC already visited a web page (permanent cookies) or to store the items most recently viewed (session cookies). We use cookies to provide an increasing level of user convenience, e.g., to fill in the username when you want to log into the protected customer are.
Most of the cookies we use are deleted from your hard drive after ending the browser session (session cookies). Other cookies remain on your computer, and enable us to recognize your computer at your next visit (permanent cookies).
To use our convenience functions, we recommend that you allow the acceptance of cookies for our website.
Data inquiries and requests for changes
In accordance with the GDPR, you have the right to obtain information at no charge regarding your stored data, as well as the right to insist on the correction (if applicable), data portability, blocking or deletion of this information.
With regard to your data, you may send information, deletion or correction requests, or suggestions to our office at any time:
Subject: GDPR Inquiry E-Mail address: privacy@ionicon.com
You will find all our official contact details on our “Impressum” page.
If you believe that the processing of your data violates data protection laws or your data protection interests have otherwise been violated in a way, you can complain to the supervisory authority. In Austria, this is the data protection authority "Datenschutzbehörde".
This site uses cookies for a better web experience. If you continue we assume that you agree with it.
OK
Cookie/Privacy Policy