http://www.dreamota.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Dreamota
Dream Interpretation
Dream Dictionary
Dream Dictionary
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Dreamota.com Privacy Policy
Dreamota.com respects your privacy
We will never give away, sell, or otherwise mis-use your private data, such as email address, name, or any other personal information.
Aggregate / Website Information
Dreamota.com may use details such as your IP address and browser version to help diagnose problems with our services and improve our site design and the compatibility of our software. This information is neither sold nor shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
User comments
When a user submits comments or shares dream information through our contact forms, we require a valid email address in order to prevent automated spam comments and to contact the commenter to respond to his or her query. We never share this email address with any third party unless required to by law.
Cookies
Our website may use “cookies” to track the use of our web site. Please note that these cookies do not contain or pass any personal, confidential or financial information or any other information that could be used to identify individual visitors to our web site. You are free to refuse cookies. However, for purely technical reasons this may prevent some aspects of our website from functioning as intended.
Google Adsense
Some pages on this site display advertising from Google. The following information relates to Google’s policies on cookies and privacy:
Google Advertising Cookie and Privacy Policies
What is the DoubleClick DART cookie?
The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on publisher websites displaying AdSense for content ads. When users visit an AdSense publisher’s website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user’s browser. The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help AdSense publishers better serve and manage the ads on their site(s) and across the web.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. Because publisher sites and laws across countries vary, we’re unable to suggest specific privacy policy language. However, you may wish to review resources such as the Network Advertising Initiative, or NAI, which suggests the following language for data collection of non-personally identifying information.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here
Most Common Dreams
Teeth falling out
Fighting
Dreams about Water
Being chased
Cheating, being cheated on
Snakes
Weak punch
About - Privacy Policy