http://www.ncspp.org/content/policies-ce-info
Skip to main content
Courses and Events
Calendar
Call for Proposals
Policies & CE Info
Scholarship Fund
Submit Course Proposal
OnDemand Video Library
Policies & CE Info
Tuition & Registration DeadlinesAll tuitions listed are for early registration. Early registration ends two weeks prior to the event or start of a multi-week course. After this date the full tuition will be applied to all registrations. For details please see individual course | event listings on our website.
QuestionsFor questions related to enrollment, locations, CE credit, special needs, course availability, and other administrative issues, email Michele McGuinness or phone 415-457-9949.
Target Audience & Instructional LevelNCSPP courses are open to all licensed mental health professionals, residents, interns, and graduate students in training, as well as members of the lay public who have an interest in psychoanalytic psychology. For specific instructional level, please see individual course|event listing on our website.
Class Size & Eligibility for EnrollmentFor specific class size, please see individual course|event listings. Class minimum will be six to eight participants. Courses that do not fill will be cancelled and payment will be refunded. In filling courses, priority will be given to NCSPP members.
Locations & ReadersFor classes where location is listed as TBA (to be announced), location information will be updated online. Enrollment confirmation with course location and reader information will be emailed to enrolled participants approximately two weeks prior to the start of the course|event. Tuition does not include the cost of readers.
CancellationEnrollees who cancel at least seven DAYS prior to the event or start of a multi-week course will receive a refund minus an administrative charge. NO refunds will be allowed after this time. For details please see individual course | event listings.  Last minute cancellation policy: If, due to an unforeseeable emergency, you must cancel your paid-in-full registration for an NCSPP event, NCSPP will issue a voucher for the value of the event via email. This voucher may be applied to a future NCSPP event within the fiscal year ending June 30. To use your credit please send the voucher to the NCSPP administrator to be applied toward registration to the new event. NCSPP will not keep track of these vouchers nor are they transferable.
Returned ChecksA $25 bank charge and an additional $15 administrative charge will be issued on all returned checks.
DisabilitiesDivision 39 and NCSPP are committed to accessibility and non-discrimination in its continuing education activities. If participants have special needs, we will attempt to accommodate them. Please contact us for any special needs.
Continuing Education Credits
Please see individual course | event listings for number of CE credits awarded, if applicable. Courses offering CE credit meet the requirements for CE credit for LCSWs, LPCCs, LEPs, MFTs, and Psychologists. All participants must sign-in at the beginning of each meeting. For extended-time activities (i.e., multi-day programs, ongoing groups, courses), participants must attend at least 80% of the activity to receive CE credit, attendance for less than 80% does not earn CE credit. 100% participation is still the Division 39/APA requirement, but a participant who attends 80% of the activity (live and in-person) may be eligible to do “make-up” work for the missed session and must be prearranged with the instructor and completed before the course ends.
LCSW/MFTs: Courses meet the requirements continuing education credit for LMFTs, LCSWs, LPCCs and/or LEPS, as required by the CA Board of Behavioral Sciences. NCSPP is approved by the California Association of Marriage and Family Therapists (Provider Number 57020), to sponsor continuing education for LMFTs, LCSWs, LPCCS, and/or LEPs. NCSPP maintains responsibility for this program /course and its content.
Psychologists: Division 39 is approved by the American Psychological Association to sponsor continuing education for psychologists. Division 39 maintains responsibility for these programs and their content.
NCSPP course evaluations are sent electronically.  APA, Division 39 and CAMFT require a course evaluation be completed within 7 days of event in order to receive CE credit.  It will be your responsibility to check email for the evaluation form so please ensure messages from info@ncspp.org are allowed.  The evaluation forms will be emailed within 3 days of end of the event/course. Participants will have 1 week to complete the online evaluation form, after this the evaluation period will be closed. Upon completion of a course evaluation form, a CE certificate will be issued. This serves as documentation of attendance for all participants.  LATE EVALUATIONS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.
Privacy and ConfidentialityAll participants are asked to be aware of the need for privacy and confidentiality throughout all programs.
NCSPP, CAMFT and Division 39 are committed to conducting all activities in conformity with the American Psychological Association’s Ethical Principles for Psychologists. Participants are asked to be aware of the need for privacy and confidentiality throughout the program. If program content becomes stressful, participants are encouraged to process these feelings during discussion periods. Please address questions, concerns and any complaints to Michele McGuinness or phone 415-496-9949.
Participant ConcernsParticipants will be informed of the utility/validity of the content/approach discussed (including the basis for the statements about validity/utility), as well as the limitations of the approach and most common (and severe) risks, if any, associated with the program’s content.
Commercial SupportThere is no commercial support for NCSPP programs nor are there any relationships between the CE Sponsor, presenting organization, presenter, program content, research, grants, or other funding that could reasonably be construed as conflicts of interest.
Scholarship InformationWe have established the NCSPP Scholarship Fund to broaden community access to our events by subsidizing the greater part of our tuition costs for a limited number of attendees. For information regarding eligibility and availability please contact Michele McGuinness.
The Northern California Society for Psychoanalytic Psychology is the local chapter of Division 39, American Psychological Association. NCSPP is committed to the study of psychoanalytic psychology and the encouragement of its interests in the professional and general communities.  It is a multi-disciplinary, nonprofit educational membership organization open to all mental health professionals.