https://www.savethemanatee.org/how-to-help/more-ways-you-can-help-manatees/
More Ways You Can Help Manatees
HomeHow to HelpMore Ways You Can Help Manatees
Click the boxes below to discover the many ways you can assist in helping manatees.
Contact Decision Makers
Join SMC’s Email Action Network. This is our grassroots effort to inform local, state, and federal decision-makers about manatee protection issues and how we feel about them. If you’re interested in participating, you can click the link above to sign up.
Contact Florida’s Governor and tell him that you support strong manatee protection in the state of Florida. This will help to illustrate to policy makers the importance of manatees. Send a letter, fax or email. It doesn’t matter whether you live in state or outside of Florida. Any type of communication helps!
Governor Ron DeSantis
The Capitol
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001
Phone: 850-717-9337
Email Governor DeSantis
Contact Your U.S. Senators and Representative Tell them how important manatees are to you and ask them to support protection for manatees and their habitat and to keep other environmental laws strong.
To get contact information for your U.S. senators and representative, go to http://www.house.gov and http://www.senate.gov.
If you live in Florida, you can also contact your state senator and representative and let them know you support manatee protection efforts. Click here to find your Florida state senator. Click here to find your Florida state representative.
Register To Vote: Being an advocate means taking an active part in government. The best way you can do this is register to vote. You can do this online by going to the League of Women Voters or Rock the Vote web sites.
Spread the Word About Manatees
Tell Others About Manatees and Our Adopt-A-Manatee® Program. If you have a web site, Facebook page, or blog, link to our web site at http://www.savethemanatee.org or use our graphic banner below. Please use our web site link with the banner.
Stay connected. Join us on:
Sign up for our free email lists. Get the Paddle Tales E-Newsletter, Action Alerts, or Manatee Gift notices.
Feature our free posters and educational materials at your storefront business to help raise public awareness. You can request them by sending us an email at education@savethemanatee.org.
Include Information About Manatees in Your Company or Organizational Publication. Send an email to Ally Greco, our Communications and Outreach Manager, at agreco@savethemanatee.org, and we’ll send you a prepared Save the Manatee Club public service ad. We can also send audio or video public service announcements recorded by Jimmy Buffett to radio or television stations.
Help Manatee Researchers
Become Part of the Manatee Sighting Network. If you live along a river, estuary, canal or coastal area in Florida, you can help provide valuable information to researchers who are tracking manatees. When you spot a manatee, just fill out our simple one-page form and email, fax, or mail it to Save the Manatee Club.
Donate or Purchase Items or Services
Make a Tax-Deductible Donation Now. Click here to donate on our secure giving page or call us toll free at 1-800-432-JOIN (5646).
Make a Tax-Deductible Contribution as a Memorial or Honor gift. Click here to donate on our secure giving page.
Consider a Legacy Gift to Save the Manatee Club
(our Federal Tax Identification Number is 59-3131709):
– Remember us in your will or living trust.
– Name us as a beneficiary in your life insurance policy or retirement plan.
– Donate gifts of real estate and stock.
We’ve partnered with FreeWill to provide free, online resources to make it easier to create planned gifts that support manatees today, tomorrow, and always. Click the proper link to write a free legal will and create a lasting legacy gift, create a taxwise gift from your IRA, or donate appreciated stocks directly to save manatees.
Make monthly, automatic donations. Click the following link to give a monthly gift. Choose “Yes, automatically repeat this gift every month” under “Enter a Gift Amount.” You can also mail us at donate@savethemanatee.org or call 1-800-432-JOIN (5646) to ask about other automatic donation options.
If You are a Federal Employee, choose us to receive your designated payroll deductions in the annual Combined Federal Campaign. Our CFC number is 20422.
If You are a State or Municipal Employee, check to see if the Club is part of your annual payroll deduction campaign and designate us for your contributions.
Donate Your Unwanted Vehicle or Boat to Us and Get a Tax Deduction. Call 1-877-999-8322 or click here to donate online now.
Buy a Manatee License Plate for Your Car if you are a Florida resident. Funds raised go to the state of Florida for manatee conservation and environmental education.
Donate to Florida’s Manatee Conservation Efforts by purchasing a manatee decal at your local tag office when you register or re-register your boat. Funds raised go to the state of Florida for manatee conservation efforts.
Purchase a T-shirt, Manatee Toy, Book, or Other Gift Item from the Manatee Store. You can even make your next birthday party a manatee-themed one. We’ve got invitations and more (enter “party” in the Search box). You’ll help to spread the word about manatees, and your dollars will fund Club programs. Check out the The Manatee Store!
Give a Manatee Adoption as a Birthday or Holiday Gift. It’s a unique gift and a great way to get more people involved in helping to save manatees. Go to the Adopt-A-Manatee page.
If Your Employer has a Matching Gifts Program, ask him/her to match your contributions to Save the Manatee Club.
When you are selling or buying a home, or for any other real estate transactions, you can help Save the Manatee Club by choosing a socially responsible real estate agent. Investing in Communities (IIC) is a unique philanthropic program where businesses, real estate professionals, and the general public work together to help participating nonprofits. When you choose an IIC Real Estate Member for your real estate transaction, they pledge to donate a portion of their commissions to us when you designate the Club. Find out how >>
Order Dugong, Manatee, Sea Cow, a first edition poetry book by Arnold Klein about the tragic fate of manatees and dugongs when they come in contact with humans. Yours for a donation of $55 or more (free shipping) at smc.convio.net/Klein.
Volunteer
Become a Club Volunteer, no matter where you live. SMC has volunteers both in AND outside of Florida. We even have members living outside the U.S.! Meet new people, experience new challenges, and help save manatees. For more information on volunteer positions and a volunteer application, see our volunteer page.
Go Green (for Club Members)
Sign Up for our Paperless Communications: You can receive the e-mail versions of the Club’s newsletter, The Manatee Zone, as well as your annual renewal notices. Email us at membership@savethemanatee.org.
About Us
Our Vision and Mission
Staff
Contact Us
Jobs and Internships
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
How to Help
Report An Injury
Adopt-A-Manatee®
Renew Membership
Donate
Shop
Take Action!
Guardian Guides
Get Resources
Free Materials
For Boaters
For Swimmers & Divers
Volunteer
More Ways to Help
Manatees
Facts
Webcams
Viewing
FAQ
Reproduction
Sounds
Mortality
Population
Migration
Rescue and Rehab
Sirenians Of The World
Climate Change
Tracking
Education Materials
News
Press Releases
Opinion Editorials
Features
In the News
Press Resources/PSAs
Press Contact
Manatee Photos
Upcoming Events