https://www.intbau.org/privacy-policy/
International Network
for Traditional Building,Architecture & Urbanism
Founder & Patron:
HRH, The Prince of Wales
Info
About Us
Charter
Chapters
Members
Congress 2018
Engelsberg Summer School
Latest
Events
News
Resources
Documents
Institutions
Listings
Join & Support
Become a Member
Corporate
Academic
More …
Shop
Contact
Home >
Privacy Notice
Who we are
INTBAU was established in 2001, and has since gained 31 chapters and nearly 6,000 members worldwide. We work under the patronage of our founder, HRH The Prince of Wales.
INTBAU’s mission is to support traditional building, the maintenance of local character, and the creation of better places to live. We do this through workshops, summer schools, study tours, conferences, awards, and competitions. Our three objectives are to research, educate, and engage as widely as possible on the value and relevance of traditional architecture and urban design.
INTBAU is a unique, established resource for global knowledge of traditional architecture and urban design. Our active network consists of individuals and institutions who design, make, maintain, study, or enjoy traditional buildings and places.
INTBAU supports the protection of internet privacy as required by UK legislation and recognises that personal privacy is an important issue. INTBAU is legally obliged to comply with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulations 2018.
The personal details collected through our website and provided by you, the user, will be processed in line with the legislation. We will not sell, license or trade any personal information to others. We do not provide personal information to direct marketing companies or other such organisations.
It is possible to make payments to INTBAU through the website using PayPal. These payments are handled by PayPal which has its own privacy statement.
Description of processing
The following is a broad description of the way this organisation processes personal information. To understand how your own personal information is processed you may need to refer to any personal communications you have received, check any privacy notices the organisation has provided or contact the organisation to ask about your personal circumstances.
Reasons/purposes for processing information
We process personal information for a number of reasons. You may have signed up for our free general membership or professional memberships (INTBAU College of Traditional Practitioners, ICTP, or INTBAU Young Practitioners, IYP) or have applied to one of our education programmes (Engelsberg Summer School) or the INTBAU Travel Scholarship.
Type/classes of information processed
We process information relevant to the above reasons/purposes. This may include:
personal details
family details
education details and student records
education and employment details
financial details
visual images
personal behaviour
We also process sensitive classes of information that may include:
racial or ethnic origin
physical or mental health details
information on disabilities
Who the information is processed about
We process personal information about:
members
students
alumni
employees, contracted personnel
suppliers, professional advisers and consultants
business contacts
complainants, enquirers, applicants
donors and trustees
partner institutions
professional bodies
academic contacts
persons who may be the subject of enquiry
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you make an enquiry about an INTBAU programme or event and when you make an application or register for these programmes or events. We also collect information about you when you apply for our free general membership or one of our professional memberships. Website usage information is collected using cookies. Please read our cookie policy here.
Who the information may be shared with
We sometimes need to share the personal information we process with the individual themselves and also with other organisations. Where this is necessary we are required to comply with all aspects of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). What follows is a description of the types of organisations we may need to share some of the personal information we process with for one or more reasons.
Where necessary or required we share information with:
Other INTBAU chapters
family, associates and representatives of the person whose personal data we are processing
current, past or prospective employers
educators and examining bodies
pension providers
suppliers and service providers
financial organisations
debt collection
auditors
police forces, security organisations
courts and tribunals
prison and probation services
legal representatives
local and central government
consultants and professional advisers
funding organisations
professional organisations
press and the media
How will we use the information about you?
We use your name and email address to send you e-newsletters containing news and events from INTBAU. If you reside in a country where we have an INTBAU Chapter, we send your name and email address to that Chapter so they can send you emails relating specifically to news and events for that Chapter.
We also use your name and email address to answer any queries you have about INTBAU and the programmes and events we run and advertise. Once we have answered your query your details will be deleted unless you specifically ask us to contact you at a later date.
Students applying for admission to the Engelsberg Summer School or any other INTBAU education programme or for consideration for the Travel Scholarship will be transmitting Personal Data that will be used to evaluate the candidate’s application. This information however will not be used other than for these purposes. Application forms for candidates who have not been accepted will only be kept for a maximum of one year unless an applicant has asked us to contact them in regard to a future programme that is more than one year away.
Applicants for our professional memberships (ICTP or IYP) will be transmitting Personal Data that will be used to evaluate the candidate’s application. This information however will not be used other than for these purposes. Application forms for candidates who have not been accepted will only be kept for a maximum of one year.
Marketing
By signing up for our free general membership you have consented to receive our monthly e-newsletter. You may opt out of this by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ at the bottom of any e-newsletter you receive. Cookies are used to track website visitor use but you may decide not to accept cookies. When you sign up for our free general membership you agree for us to share your name and email address with your local Chapter (if one exists). Your local Chapter can then send you e-newsletters providing specific information on Chapter-led events. If you wish to unsubscribe from these Chapter e-newsletters please click ‘unsubscribe’ at the bottom of the e-newsletter. This will not unsubscribe you from the main INTBAU e-newsletter. Similarly, unsubscribing from the main INTBAU e-newsletter will not unsubscribe you from Chapter e-newsletters if you are receiving them.
Access to your information, correction and the right to be forgotten
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email info@intbau.org or write to us at INTBAU, 19-22 Charlotte Road, London EC2A 3SG. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate. To make this request please contact us at the above details. If you would like to remove all of your data from our records please contact us at the above details to request that we remove all your data. For these requests please allow up to 30 days for us to confirm your data has been removed.
Chapters
Each INTBAU Chapter is independently run by a Chapter Chair and an INTBAU College of Chapters (ICC) Representative and in some instances a Chapter board. If you wish to find out what data a Chapter holds about you, to correct the data they hold about you or to request to be forgotten please contact that Chapter directly. If you are unsure who to contact please email info@intbau.org, stating which Chapter you want to contact.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this page.
Transfers
It may sometimes be necessary to transfer personal information overseas. When this is needed information may be transferred to countries or territories around the world. Any transfers made will be in full compliance with all aspects of the General Data Protection Regulation.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy statement only applies to our website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
By email info@intbau.org
Or write to use at INTBAU, 19-22 Charlotte Road, London EC2A 3SG
INTBAU UK GRATEFULLY ACKNOWLEDGES THE GENEROUS SUPPORT OF THE RICHARD H. DRIEHAUS CHARITABLE LEAD TRUST.