http://www.geminiprototyping.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy & Cookies
Privacy & Cookies
We believe in respecting your privacy , so we take your privacy on geminiprototyping.co.uk very seriously indeed. This privacy and cookie policy lays out our specific commitments, in compliance with and beyond the Data Protection Act 1998.
This policy covers your personal information on this website only. Any links on geminiprototyping.co.uk to external sites beyond our control and we suggest that you always check the privacy policies of these sites before using them.
Your personal information
Collecting very specific, relevant information is a necessary part of us being to provide you with the services and products that help you to grow your business success.
We will only use your personal information fairly and securely, and will never do anything with it (such as sharing it with any other party) that you have not clearly agreed to.
We'd sum it up by saying that we'll only use your information for uses that can fairly be deemed to be in your best interests. This might be to provide you personally with a better service or it might be to promote our industry as a whole.
We will only use your personal information for the purposes we clearly state at the point at which you provide it to us, we will only share your personal information with our employees, contractors, agents or professional advisors where it is necessary in order to fulfil a valid, stated purpose.
Cookies
In order to provide you with the best, tailored experience of geminiprototyping.co.uk, our site will need to place small text files, or 'cookies', or you computer.
Most cookies that we use are 'session' cookies and only exist for the time that you are using our site. They perform functional tasks – such as remembering that you are logged as you move from page to page, or to pre-load your personal details into forms to save you time.
We also track cookies anonymously to fuel our site analytics and learn how to improve your geminiprototyping.co.uk experience and hone the relevance of our products and services.
We also use cookies in our emails to track open rates and other performance indicators – again, so that we can continually improve the relevance and experience of our offering to you.
We do not track you on any non Gemini Prototyping website or communication.
You can set your browser to reject all cookies. Please note that if you do this then certain areas of this website will not be able to function for you. Choose a browser setting that rejects third-party cookies but allows the benign, functional ones that make the good stuff work. We've worked hard to make dma.org.uk intuitive to your needs – why would you want to miss out?!
We also use technology that uses Internet Protocol (IP) information exchanges during the course of normal web activity combined with data-enhancement technology to get detailed analytics information. This doesn't allow us to spy on you – it just allows us to see how well our site is working.
Notification of changes
If we update our website privacy policy, we will flag it up when you next visit the site.
Gemini Prototyping Unit 20 Wornal Park Menmarsh Road
Worminghall Bucks HP18 9JX
UK
Contact Us
Tel: +44(0)1844 339857
E-mail: info@geminiprototyping.co.uk
Visit Us
Unit 20 Wornal Park Menmarsh Road
Worminghall Bucks HP18 9JXUK
Get Directions
Our Company
HomeAbout UsServicesContactGet a Quote
Gemini Prototyping © 2020 Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions