http://www.cellsciences.com/privacy
Cell Sciences
Register/Login
Contact
Shopping Cart (0)
ADVANCED PRODUCT SEARCH
ProductsProducts
DistributorsDistributors
Resources & NewsResources & News
SupportSupport
About UsAbout Us
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Cell Sciences Privacy Policy
Cell Sciences, Inc. (cellsciences.com) is committed to protecting your privacy. To inform you of steps we take to protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.While Cell Sciences takes reasonable steps to limit the uses of information provided by you to those described in this statement, we cannot guarantee that the information will remain permanently secure. There is always a possibility that your information could be lost due to technical problems or stolen from our databases. Cell Sciences is not responsible for any such loss or theft.Cell Sciences is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of web sites to which it may link. These guidelines are subject to change. Any changes will be posted on this page. If at any time you choose not to accept the terms and conditions herein, do not use this site.Information Collection and UseWe collect only the Internet Service Provider identity, not the email addresses of visitors to our web site, unless you volunteer such information. We do collect the email address of persons who communicate with us via email. These addresses are used for purposes of correspondence only.We also collect information on pages visitors access and information you volunteer, such as name, address, telephone number, fax number and credit card information. We request this information when you place an order through cellsciences.com, when you register to receive our newsletter and special product announcements, when you ask a technical question, or when you ask to be on our mailing list. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and insure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Unless a cellsciences.com user requests otherwise, information collected from our web site is used for purposes of sending mailings, including announcements about new products, catalogs and technical information specific to our products. We also use non-identifying information to improve the content of our web pages, and for systems administration. We do not share this information with any other organizations for commercial purposes. This kind of information includes which pages you visit, search engine and key words used, and length of time you visited our site.Cell Sciences reserves the right to share information collected from you with third parties if we are authorized to do so, if the law requires it, to protect the rights of Cell Sciences, or as part of a sale or other disposition of our assets.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will always post these changes on this page so that you are aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we will disclose it. Thank you for visiting cellsciences.com.
Cell Sciences ®
65 Parker Street, Unit 11Newburyport MA 01950
Toll Free 888-769-1246
Tel:   978-572-1070Fax:  978-992-0298
info@cellsciences.com
Privacy Policy
Terms
All prices on this site are for orders shipping within the US and Canada.Prices are in US dollars.
These products are for laboratory research purposes only, not for any human or animal diagnostic or therapeutic use.
All site content © 2019 Cell Sciences, Inc.