https://www.htl.pl/privacy-policy/
About us
Oem
Careers
Contact
EN
PL
DE
FR
ES
Products
Variable volume pipette series
Starter packs
Fixed volume pipette
Pipette controller
Repetitive dispenser
Compact laboratory centrifuge
Consumables
Accessories
Service & Support
Calibration according to the standard PN-EN ISO/IEC 17025
HTL Service
FAQ
Pipette Maintenance & Recalibration
Calibration Calculator
Video
Product Updates & Withdrawals
Recycling
Download
HTL Liquid Handling Catalogue
Product Brochures
Instruction Manuals
Claim Form
CE Declarations
ISO Certificates
Product Images
News
home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Data Protection
Welcome to the website of PZ HTL S.A. (hereinafter “HTL” or “we”). We are pleased to have you visit our site and thank you for your interest in our company and our products. The protection of your privacy during the collection, processing and use of your personal data in accordance with legal requirements is a matter we take very seriously. On this page, we provide a summary for you of how we intend to handle your data and your privacy. Please note that the data resulting from the use of this website will be collected by PZ HTL S.A. in Poland. This data protection declaration only applies to the HTL website. Please note that it does not apply to third-party websites which we may direct you to via links. We are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices applied by non-HTL sites.
The controller responsible for the collection, use and processing of personal data on this website in the sense of the applicable data protection laws is:
PZ HTL S.A.
Daniszewska 4
03-230 Warsaw, Poland
The representative for all questions related to privacy and data protection in Poland is:
JDS Consulting Sp. z o.o. sp. k.
Gorzelnicza 9
04-212 Warszawa
tel.: 48 22 651 60 31 int. 25
fax.: 48 22 651 60 32
What constitutes personal data? Personal data as defined under the European Directive 95/46/EC are particulars regarding personal and material circumstances of an identified or identifiable natural person. In addition to your name and address, this also includes, for instance, your telephone number or email address and other personal information.
Collection of non-personal data In order to visit our website you do not initially have to communicate any of your personal data to us. You can access the information you need anonymously. However, our web server automatically collects log information, regarding the details of each visit to our website and each file access. This data is not personal. It is therefore not possible for us to match up the recorded data with a particular natural person.
In detail, the following data is recorded: – Name and/or IP address of your internet service provider, – Browser type and version, – Operating system used, – The website last visited before accessing our website, – Our websites that you visit, – Name of the files accessed, – Date and time of access, – Notification of whether access was successful.
We only evaluate this data statistically and in a way which cannot be linked back to yourself, in order to further improve our web presence for you. We do not connect this data to any other data.
Collection of personal data Your personal data is only collected, processed and used by us when you choose to communicate your data to us, for instance, in the context of a query, application, registration, survey or similar. We will only collect, process and use such personal data to the extent required for the following purposes:
– To answer your query and/or process your order,
– To provide you with access to special information or offers,
– To send you customer information or a newsletter,
– For customer management and care, as well as
– For our own marketing purposes.
Transmission of personal data We will neither sell nor otherwise market your personal data to third parties. The transfer of personal data to state institutions and authorities will only occur within the context of mandatory national statutory provisions. We require that all our employees agree to maintain confidentiality and to abide by legal data protection regulations. In order to fulfill our business objectives named above, it may further be necessary that we communicate your personal data to other Corning companies both inside and outside Europe, so that we are able, for example, to process specific queries correctly or to inform you of other Corning products. We take all necessary measures to ensure an adequate level of data protection in the course of a cross-border transfer of personal data at all our Corning entities inside and outside of Europe.
We have adopted group-wide Binding Corporate Rules (BCR) to secure an adequate level of data protection at all our Corning entities. BCR are a set of rules and policies for intra-group processing and transfer of personal data based on EU data protection legislation which must be respected by all Corning employees and entities worldwide. Our BCR are approved by all competent data protection authorities. You can find our BCR here: http://www.corning.com/emea/en/privacy-policy/binding-corporate-rules.html
Cookies We use cookies to continuously improve our services to you on our website. Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. Cookies allow us to recognize you when you return. They also help us provide a customized experience and enable us to detect certain kinds of fraud. This information does not identify you personally and you remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided us personal data. If you do not wish to accept cookie use, we ask that you make use of your browser’s option to block cookies or to modify the types of cookies allowed. You can find further details using the Help function of your browser. It may occur that, due to technical reasons, individual offers on our website may not work fully when cookies are blocked.
We use cookies from the following categories:
Essential Cookies
Essential cookies are cookies which are necessary for the web site to function. They remember information like your region required for showing appropriate regional content. These cookies cannot be turned off.
Preference and Analytics Cookies
Preference and Analytics Cookies work to give you an improved site experience. These cookies remember your preferences about search to improve search experience and capture information about site usage to help us improve the performance of the website.
Social and Marketing Cookies
Social and Marketing Cookies let HTL work with partners to enable social features and marketing messages. They let you share information from the site on social media and help HTL direct specific marketing content and campaigns to you that may be of interest to you based upon your use of HTL’s site or HTL’s products and services.
For further information on our cookie use please refer to our Cookie Policy, available at:
https://www.htl.pl/cookies-policy-2/
Google Analytics This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, see:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2763052?hl=pl
Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plugin available under:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB
Further information can be found under:
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html (Google Analytics Terms of Service & Privacy).
Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by: “gat._anonymizeIp();” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP masking).
Security of personal data HTL takes certain technical and organizational precautions in order to ensure the security of your personal data handled by us. Your data is carefully protected against loss, deletion, corruption, manipulation and unauthorized access or unauthorized disclosure. Please note that data you send to us by email or contact forms on our websites is transmitted unencrypted over the Internet, and therefore it cannot be warranted that this data is not accessed by unauthorized third parties. We therefore request that you send us confidential information only by post, fax or encrypted email.
Withdrawal of consent Please note that you may withdraw a possible consent which you may have given us for the collection, use and processing of your personal data at any time in the future by e.g. sending us an e-mail. The withdrawal of your consent will not affect the collection, use and processing of personal data which is permitted by law.
Right of access and correction of stored personal data You have the right to access your personal data stored with us as well as, the right to correct incorrect data and/or delete/block illegally stored data. If you have any questions, suggestions or complaints regarding the handling of your personal data, please contact us using the Contact Form/ LINK
Last revised: May 19, 2017
×