http://www.geosyntheticssociety.org/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Back to homepage
Disclaimer & Terms of Use
(Updated 24 May 2018)
By continuing to use IGS’s website, you consent its Terms of Use and affiliated Privacy Policy (link below).
The information contained and accessed on this site is intended to offer the user general information about the International Geosynthetics Society and affiliated educational, research, and resource-widening opportunities and information for the civil, geotechnical, and environmental engineering communities. While we seek to enhance knowledge and encourage progress in scientific and engineering endeavors, the information provided is neither intended to replace nor serve as substitute for any official publication.
View our Privacy & Data Usage Policy for information on what data we collect, how it is collected, and how we monitor usage data of the IGS website and related digital properties.
No Warranties
While we and our third-party administrative and website services provider (Minerva) take great care to ensure we are using best practices in curating and presenting information, and while we utilize various third-party security features, we make no guarantees or warrant the site will be uninterrupted, without delay, or free of errors, omissions, or potential viruses. The information published here is provided “as is,” without warranties of any kind, express or implied, including accuracy, timeliness, and completeness.
Indemnity
By using this Site, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless IGS and its administrative provider Minerva, its individual members, staff, officers, etc., from any and all claims and damages relating to any charges or demands arising from your use of this site. In no event shall IGS or Minerva, their related partners, or employees be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive, consequential or other damages whatsoever (including but not limited to, liability for loss of use, data, or profits), without regard to the form of any action, including but not limited to, contract, negligence, or other tortious actions, arising out of or in connection with its sites, any content on or accessed by use of its site, or any copying, display, or other use hereof.
IGS and Minerva grant permission to display and download materials on this website, provided that the use of such materials is solely for personal, non-commercial, and informational use and will not be used for commercial gain, and provided that you do not alter the content or any trademark, logo, copyright, author’s name, or affiliation. The posting date of the material on the site must accompany such copied material.
External Links
IGS and Minerva encourage site users, newsletter subscribers, and social media followers to seek additional information in other forums as a matter of educational enrichment and community. In support of this, we frequently suggest links to other websites and resources, events to register for, videos to review, documents to download, etc. These suggestions for external links imply neither responsibility for, nor approval of, the information contained in those other forums.
Though this website may contain links to third-party websites and documents, the IGS and Minerva are not responsible for, endorse, or accept any responsibility for the contents or use of these third-party websites and downloadable resources.
General Copyright Notice
IGS’s original content and that owned by contributors to the site are protected under international copyright and trademark laws. We require all users of this site to comply with all relevant local, federal, and international laws, including copyright laws.
Note that this Site may contain copyrighted work created under contract with publishers, foundations, agencies, chapter members, etc. If a particular author places further restrictions on the material, you must honor those restrictions regardless of whether such restrictions are described on this Site.
By using any of this material, you assume all risks of copyright infringement and related liability.
Changes to Terms & Conditions
IGS and Minerva reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions with or without notice. Any updates to our policies will be recognized on this page. Continued use of this site following any change constitutes your acceptance of revised policies.
Search for:
Join the IGS Learn About Joining the IGS
IGS MEMBERSHIP APPLICATIONS
Individual | Corporate | Student
Corporate Members
Search For IGS Corporate Members
IGS Corporate Members
Members
LoginUsernamePassword
Remember me
Forgot Username / Password? Become a MemberRenew
Membership
A quick access link will be sent to your email that will let you get in your account and change your password. Re-enter your IGS member number below and click on the Send me Password button.
Forgot your Username? Email: IGSsec@GeosyntheticsSociety.org. Username Back to Login
Update My Profile
Sign-Up For Our IGS Newsletter
Latest News
Honorary Membership For ACigs Founders
December 10, 2020
0 Comments
IGS-ICE Webinar Shares Insight On Landslide
December 7, 2020
0 Comments
The Global Database On Geosynthetic Barrier Regulations
December 4, 2020
0 Comments
More Articles
Close Window
Loading, Please Wait!
This may take a second or two.