http://www.calsurvey.com/privacy-policy/
"CSRS does everything from soup to nuts, from cognitive interviews to surveys that meet the highest levels of academic rigor in sampling, data collection and data processing."
"CSRS means 'Client Service.'  They unfailingly go out of their way to make my job easier."
"Extremely reliable, creative, understanding of the needs of scientists, healthcare professionals, and the demands of the federal bureaucracy, meticulous, professional in every way."
"CSRS offers professional, efficient and cheerful support and implementation services for academic survey research."
"CSRS is a team of highly qualified professionals who are affable and possess extensive survey research knowledge and skills."
"CSRS staff is very experienced and offer excellent suggestions about instruments and how to get the best information from respondents. Their costs are always reasonable and they stand behind their…"
"CSRS has state of the art familiarity with sampling, questionnaire development and design, is thoroughly familiar with survey software and field methods, provides excellent service and support, interacts knowledgeably and…"
"The personnel at CSRS assisted us from beginning to end in tailoring our telephone surveys with the highest scientific rigor. The quality of the data and their timing in the…"
Home
Executive Management
Research Capabilities
Quality Control
Client Testimonials
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Effective: May, 2018
Thank you for visiting the California Survey Research Services, Inc. (CSRS) website. CSRS is a market research firm that conducts and processes the data of market research surveys using a variety of methodologies and scientific methods.  Using gathered information, data analytics and other tools CSRS is able to generate insights which aid clients who may be providers of goods and services, not-for-profit organizations, and governments, in making more informed business decisions.
CSRS is committed to protecting the privacy of all information collected from our clients, research participants and visitors to our corporate and survey websites. This privacy policy applies to all client and personal data we collect or use in the course of conducting business and covers all client information and research participant data housed at our Van Nuys location or stored on the CSRS network. CSRS strictly adheres to applicable privacy laws and conducts its business in accordance with best practices and standards as set forth by the Insights Association (IA), and ESOMAR.
By accessing CSRS corporate and survey websites, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with our Privacy Policy and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Information Collected
As part of the market research services provided to clients, CSRS generally collects information about survey participants, a subset which may be personally identifiable information (PII) as defined under applicable law. This data can be collected as part of our purchase of survey panels or sample lists or as part of data collection activity we undertake. Survey participants may be requested to provide certain personally identifiable, financial or demographic information, as well as specific opinions about a variety of goods and services. Responses to all survey questions are completely voluntary and survey participants may decline (opt-out) to answer any survey question. Consent is obtained when a respondent willingly responds to the questions. We may receive personally identifiable information from a client. This information has been previously volunteered by the respondent and is only used for survey invitations and for determining appropriate questions to ask within a survey. All information collected or provided by clients is used strictly to perform the market research obligations under contract with our client. We only collect respondent information in our surveys through voluntary and lawful ways.
Additionally, our servers may automatically collect certain non-personal log file information about your use of our websites whenever you access them. This information may include your internet browser, operating system, your IP address, internet source (PC, tablet, mobile), the domain name of your ISP, areas you clicked on the website, date and time stamp and length of time on the site. This information is aggregated to analyze current trends, track changes, and ensure technological compatibility. We use cookies only in certain surveys. Cookies are mainly used in password-protected surveys. Two different types of cookies are used in connection with our online survey sites. “Session cookies” track the user’s progression through our sites in a single visit. These cookies enable us to remember things as the user progresses from one page to another. “Persistent cookies” allow us to remember a user at the user’s next visit. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provides information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.
Uses of Data Collected
All data, whether collected by CSRS or provided by our client, is used for research purposes only. This information is sometimes shared with the client that contracted CSRS to carry out the research. All data is analyzed and reported in aggregate with the information from all other study participants. The data collected if not used for any purpose other than to fulfill our contractual obligations to clients. All client information and data collected is kept secure at all times and is only handled by those CSRS employees that have direct involvement with the research study.
In some cases, CSRS may need to share personal data with third parties for ancillary services in support of the research study. In these cases, all third party vendors are required to sign a Business Agreement with CSRS that contractually obligates them to follow all of the same privacy protection regulations that are followed by CSRS.
CSRS does not rent, sell or give personal data to any third party for the purpose of marketing any products or services. Survey participant’s personal information and their answers to questions are not used by any third party entity as an aid for sales.
Information Security
CSRS is committed to protecting the security of all client and personal data. We strive to implement and maintain numerous restraints and safeguards to protect user privacy. Security technologies and physical security measures are employed to help protect personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We maintain a secure-password protected server with limited access. Survey information is password protected. In addition, special software must be used to view survey results. When highly confidential information is transmitted over the Internet, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Access to data and personally identifiable information is provided to only the employees that will be working on the research study. In addition, all CSRS employees are required to sign a Confidentiality Agreement and are bound by, and agree to comply with all confidentiality obligations and requirements. CSRS is HIPAA compliant which is most relevant for protected personal health information. Very strict precautions are taken to protect this sensitive personally identifiable information.
CSRS reviews, monitors, and evaluates its Information Security Policy on an annual basis.
Your Rights as to Your Personal Data
All survey participants have the right to request the information on any personal data CSRS has about them. If requested we will provide you access to any personal data we hold about you, update any of your personal data which is out of date or incorrect. Where our basis for processing your personal data is consent, CSRS will withdraw your consent to further processing if requested. If we received your personal data from a third party you may inquire where the data originated. Upon request we will delete any personal data which we are holding about you, restrict the way that we process your personal data, prevent the processing of your personal data for direct-marketing purposes and inform us to provide, or not provide, your personal data to a third party provider of services. You may also request that we provide you with a copy of any personal data which we hold about you or that we consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal data. Under applicable law, certain personal data may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances. If survey participants would like further information about these rights or would like to exercise any of them, they may contact us.
Privacy of Children
CSRS complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). CSRS does not collect, use or disclose information from children under the age of 13, as it applies to the online collection of personal information from children under 13 years of age online, without a statement of permission from a parent or legal guardian. Prior to obtaining permission, CSRS will disclose the subject matter, length of the interview and other special tasks that may be required of the survey participant.
Compliance & Enforcement
CSRS adheres to and complies with applicable laws regarding data protection. We are committed to resolving any complaints or disputes about privacy and personal information and comply with the advice given by such authorities. For data transferred from the European Union, CSRS will cooperate with the data protection authorities located in the EU member states to resolve any individual complaint or dispute about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact CSRS at:
California Survey Research Services, Inc.
15350 Sherman Way, Suite 480
Van Nuys, CA 91406
818.780.2777
inquiries@calsurvey.com
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy | Sitemap
© Copyright 2020 California Survey Research Services. All rights reserved.
Site by Hip Web Design