http://www.pasco.com/p/privacy-policy
PASCO Live streamingweekly on Facebook & YouTube »
Home
Privacy Policy Statement
Privacy PolicyPASCO Privacy PolicyPASCO Student PrivacyPASCO Software PrivacyYouTube Privacy StatementGDPR Privacy AddendumAB 1584 ComplianceAB 375 ComplianceTerms & ConditionsTerms of PurchaseWarranty & ReturnsLicenses & Trademarks
Updated: September 28th, 2018
At PASCO, customers always come first. We recognize that building a long-term business relationship with you is dependent on our ability to create and maintain a foundation of trust. This is why we have a firm commitment to respecting as well as protecting your privacy.
We've structured our web sites so that, in general, you can visit PASCO on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Visitors to the website that are 18 years of age or older may choose to provide us personal information (name, address, e-mail address, phone number, etc.) but can be assured that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with PASCO. PASCO offers educational products and services to educational professionals and institutions. PASCO products and services are not intended for direct purchase by individuals under the age of 18 and as such we do not market our products and services to individuals under 18 years of age.
What Information We Collect
We collect only the minimal amount of information needed to deliver the product.
On some PASCO web sites, you can order products or services, download software updates, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages include name, e-mail address, contact and billing information, transaction, and credit card information. In order to tailor our subsequent communications to you and continuously improve our products and services (including registration), we may also ask you to provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experience with our products, and contact preferences. Data collected online may also be combined with information you provide when you register your ownership of PASCO products. Personal information can be updated each time you place an order or obtain a quote from the online PASCO store.
PASCO also uses web site logging/analysis software to track how PASCO visitors navigate through the site. This site log, commonly called a 'hit' log, allows PASCO to determine which PASCO web site pages are the most popular. The log contains no personal information, only a listing of web site addresses visited by PASCO customers.
How We Use The Information
PASCO uses your information to better understand your needs and provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, to communicate back to you, to update you on services and benefits, and to personalize our web sites for you. Credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and are not retained for other purposes.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research or to provide you with marketing information we think would be of particular interest. At a minimum, we will always give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such contact.
Whom We Share The Information With
PASCO will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to others. Unless you tell us otherwise or law prevents us, we will only share the personal data you provide online with other PASCO entities and/or business partners who are acting on our behalf for the uses described above. Such PASCO entities and/or business partners are governed by our privacy policies with respect to the use of this data and are bound by the appropriate confidentiality agreements.
How PASCO Uses Cookies
A cookie is a piece of text asking permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. If you agree, then your browser adds the text in a small text file. Cookies help us analyze web traffic and let us know when you visit a particular PASCO web page. Cookies enable web applications to respond to you as an individual. By gathering and remembering information about your preferences, the web application can tailor its operation to your needs, likes and dislikes.
A few PASCO web sites use cookies to track unique IDs as part of the customer web navigation. This cookie, by itself, only tells us that a previous PASCO visitor has returned. If you deny the cookie, you can still use the site anonymously. Certain PASCO web sites use cookies to provide an automated log-in process for previously registered customers. This insures that you will be accurately identified and linked with your registration data.
Overall, cookies help us give you a better, personalized web site to use. PASCO wants to be sure you understand that accepting a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any personal information about you, other than the data you chose to share with us. This practice is strictly enforced. We know that a lot of people have concerns about cookies, but in talking with many of our customers, we believe that the benefit we both gain from their proper use is worthwhile. We value the relationships we have with our customers, so we respect these concerns. PASCO works to continuously improve the PASCO web experience and personal data privacy policy and practices.
You may set your web browser to notify you of cookie placement requests or decline cookies completely. You can delete the files that contains cookies; those files are stored as part of your internet browser. Note that some areas within the website will not function correctly if you disable cookies.
Software Privacy Policy
Our software applications and mobile apps do not collect, store, or transmit any personal information to PASCO or any third parties. In cases of application crashes users may voluntarily send a crash report via email. In these cases the information is only used internal to PASCO to diagnose and fix the cause of the crash. It is not used or distributed outside of our Software and Technical Support departments for any reason. Our full Software Privacy Policy is available for you to read.
Links to Third Party Web Sites
Links to third party web sites are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the PASCO site. PASCO has not reviewed all of these third party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites, their content or their privacy policies. Thus, PASCO does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
Student Privacy
PASCO scientific is fully compliant with California's Student Online Personal Information Protection Act ("SOPIPA"), the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ("FERPA"), Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), and California Assembly Bill ('AB') 1584 found in California Education Code section 49073.1. (Full details about our compliance with AB 1584 are available)
How do we comply?
Except for two rare exceptions (see directly below), PASCO scientific does not track, collect or store any personal information about any student anywhere at PASCO, including our website or in any of our systems/databases. Our software does not collect any personal identifiable information from students, nor does it include any advertising.
Exceptions
In regards to earlier version e-book downloads (Essential Physics 1st and 2nd Edition), where the purchaser inputted the student's name during the purchasing check out procedure, PASCO maintains a user login record of e-book access in its secure server with limited employee access. This information is available for review upon request. All current and future version e-book download users are assigned an anonymous identification number without any personally identifiable information associated with it.
In regards to software application crashes, the software will request that the user send a crash report to PASCO. The crash reporting is optional. If the user elects to send the report, it is sent to PASCO via email. The email will contain the email address of the sender. See our Software Privacy Policy.
Regarding any personal data associated with the two limited exceptions, the data is fully secured and never shared.
3rd Party Access/3rd Party Service Providers
PASCO prevents 3rd parties from accessing or utilizing any Student Record under PASCO's control (internal network) except for the following:
Data Base consultants under contract/NDA.
Outside Auditors such as ISO 9001 under strict supervision.
PASCO utilizes 3rd party services such as Google Apps, Google Play, etc. However, these providers have no access to PASCO's secure network, and users provide information at their own discretion (account setup, etc.). PASCO urges parents who purchase products through these sites not to disclose their student's personal identifiable information.
General Data Handling Policy
In the event of a PASCO sale or merger:
In the event that all or a portion of PASCO or its assets are acquired by or merged with a 3rd party, personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by that 3rd party. This Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this policy (unless you give consent to a new policy). We will provide you with notice of an acquisition within thirty (30) days following the completion of such a transaction, by posting on our homepage, or by email to your email address that you provided to us. If you do not consent to the use of your personal information by such a successor company, you may request its deletion.
In the event of PASCO going out of business:
In the unlikely event that PASCO goes out of business, or files for bankruptcy, we will protect your personal information, and will not sell it to any 3rd party.
Control of Data/Data Retention
How Long PASCO Keeps Information? PASCO will store the data for three years or per the user's license/contract requirement or delete the account upon user request.
PASCO will only use personally identifiable information for the delivery and functioning of the product or service in the manner for which it is intended for use by the school. Information is sometime used for marketing purposes such as keeping the customer up to date regarding the latest products and offerings. The customer can opt out at any time in regard to these informational emails, etc.
Minimization of Data Collection
PASCO minimizes the use of student identifiable data. If future products/contracts require additional use of identifiable data for these students, it will be designed to operate with minimal collection of the student data. That is, only such data which is reasonably needed to provide the intended service to the school.
Data Usage: Advertising and Marketing
At no time will PASCO share or otherwise transfer any student's personally identifiable information or directory information to a 3rd party for advertising or marketing purposes.
Data Usage: Internal Operations
PASCO may use aggregated anonymized data and de-identified metadata for internal operations purposes such as improving the functioning of its product, developing new products, marketing research to validate and improve the product, or integrating the products of 3rd parties to provide new functionality.
School Rights/Parents Rights
Any and all Student Records provided to PASCO, or to which PASCO has been granted access, are and shall remain the sole property of the School District or educational agency (collectively, 'School District') that provided or granted access to such records.
Parent and Student Review Procedures: As stated above, PASCO does not store any personally identifiable information in regards to Student Records except for e-book downloads where the purchaser inputted the student's name during the purchasing check out procedure. This log information is available for review upon request. Furthermore, any future applications that have access or use of student data will be available for review upon request.
Schools have the right to review, have deleted and/or refuse to permit further collection or use of the student's information upon request.
PASCO will allow for inspection, review and amendment or changes to student data via an authorized written request from a school addressed to the PASCO Privacy Officer. Contact information is noted below under the Questions/Complaints section.
Data Security
PASCO's general practices related to data security and integrity including any breach of data;
I.E. Security and Confidentiality of Customer information:
PASCO has a secure server with limited employee access.
The PASCO internal network is a private network accessible by employees only (by a user name and login password). It is a VPN (Virtual Private Network). The VPN is an SSL (Secured Socket Layer) encrypted network.
The PASCO general website is 'https' (Hyper Text Transfer Protocol Secure) encrypted. The 'S' at the end of HTTPS stands for 'Secure'. It means all communications between your browser and the website are encrypted.
Education/Employee Training:
PASCO provides data privacy and security training to all company employees responsible in whole or in part for design, production, development, monetization and operations of their products and employees who are directly or peripherally involved in collection, use, storage, disclosure or other handling of student identifiable data. Training is required to be conducted a minimum of one time per year.
Unauthorized Disclosure/Data Breach:
In the unlikely event any Student Records are inadvertently compromised via an outside data breach or for any other reason, PASCO shall notify the School District that owns such records immediately upon the discovery of such inadvertent disclosure. The School District may in turn notify affected parents, legal guardians, or eligible students as the School District deems appropriate.
Other Security Measures:
PASCO conducts background checks on all employees who have access to student data.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
PASCO reserves the right to amend, alter, or otherwise change this Privacy Policy at our sole and absolute discretion. We will post a notice (revision date) of the new Policy from the privacy policy link on our Web site.
Privacy Policy Notifications
Customers will be notified in advance of material changes to privacy policies, including practices around new or additional data collection, or practices that may lessen the previously noted protections around student data privacy.
Questions/Complaints
If you ever have any questions about our online privacy policy, please contact us. We respect your rights and privacy, and will be happy to answer any questions or concerns you might have. You may direct any such questions by writing to PASCO Privacy Officer, 10101 Foothills Blvd, Roseville CA 95747, or calling 916-786-3800, or sending E-mail to: privacyofficer@pasco.com.
Follow Us
Newsletters, Video, and Social Media
Contact Us
Toll Free: 1-800-772-8700
Phone: 1-916-786-3800
Fax: 1-916-786-7565
Get Support
Support Center
Submit a Request
Find Your Rep
About PASCO
The PASCO Story
The PASCO Foundation
News & Media
Back to Top
Copyright ©2020 PASCO scientific |
Terms & Conditions |
Privacy Policy |
ISO 9001 Certified
Contact Us
My Account
Sign In
New customer? Create an account.
My Favorites
My Cart0
Subjects
EXPLORE BY SUBJECT
College & University
Physics
Engineering
Chemistry
Biology
High School (AP/IB)
Physics
Engineering
Chemistry
Biology
Environmental
Middle School & Elementary
Physical Science
Life Science
Earth Science
Elementary Science
Products
NEW PRODUCTS
Featured
Signature Products
Complete Experiments
New Products
Lab Apparatus & Supplies
Lab Apparatus
Lab Supplies
Sensors & Datalogging
Sensors
Data Analysis Software
Interfaces/Dataloggers
Curriculum & Bundles
Complete Solutions
Lab Manuals & Teacher Guides
Equipment Kits & Bundles
Clearance
Browse great deals on legacy and discounted products while supplies last.
Product Guides
Modular Circuits, Projectiles, Photogates, and more. See our collection of product guides.
Browse Guides
Resources
Teacher Resource Center
Experiment Library
Video Library
Blog: Tips & Applications
Distance Learning for Teachers
DIY 3D Printing
PASCO Partnerships
Activity-Based Physics
The GLOBE Program
Google Partnership
ESRI and GIS
PASCO Solutions Can Help
Phenomena & 3D
Case Studies
Downloads
Software Downloads
PASCO Capstone
SPARKvue®
Spectrometry
MatchGraph!
Legacy Software
Catalogs & Literature
Download Product Catalogs
Request Product Catalogs
Brochures & Literature
Did you know?
We have delivered professional development around the world and in many languages, from Kazakhstan to Oman, to Chile and Peru.
Training & Events
On-Site Workshops
Training/PD
On-Site Workshops
Summer Institute Workshops
Custom Webinars
Free Webinars
PASCO Live Events
Conferences/Workshops
Conference Schedule
Workshop Schedule
Did you know?
PASCO sensors have been used for over a decade by researchers to monitor coal mine fires.
Support
Submit a Request
Technical Support
1-800-772-8700 (Option 4)
Fax: 1-916-786-7565
Customer Support
1-800-772-8700 (Option 2)
Fax: 1-916-786-7565
Hours of Operation (PT)
Mon - Thurs: 7:00 AM - 4:30 PM
Friday: 7:00 AM - 2:00 PM
Mailing Address
10101 Foothills Boulevard
Roseville, California 95747 USA
Quick Links
Support Options
Find Your Rep
Find Product Manuals
Browse Knowledge Base
Order Product Catalogs
Warranty & Returns
About Us
PASCO'S STORY
About Us
Why Choose PASCO?
PASCO & Global Science Literacy
PASCO & The Environment
The PASCO Foundation
Careers at PASCO
PASCO Newsroom
PASCO's Story
What's New at PASCO
Press Releases
Did you know?
PASCO sensors are used by Olympic training facilities in several countries in gymnastics, weight lifting, bobsledding and more!
Everything
Products
Resources
Search
Any Keyword
Exact Match
Search