http://www.rss.org.uk/policy-campaigns/campaigns/pre-release-access-statistics/
Introducing the RSS
A short, two minute video introduction
Watch our video
Who we are and what we do
Our history and where to find us
View our about section
Consultants Directory
Find a professionally qualified statistical consultant
Find a consultant
President and staff
Meet our personnel
Meet our president and staff
About RSS
Home
Campaigns
Pre-release access to statistics
< Back to Campaigns
In this section
Statistics of the Year
Pre-release access to statistics
Parliament Counts
Pre-release access to statistics
The RSS has long campaigned against the practice of pre-release access to official statistics.
In May 2017 The Times published an RSS-led letter, calling for an end to pre-release access, with 114 signatories - the same number of people who then had advance access to the official (and market-sensitive) labour market statistics.
The letter’s signatories included our then president Sir David Spiegelhalter, the chair of our National Statistics Advisory Group, former National Statistician, Dame Jil Matheson and ex-chair of the UK Statistics Authority, Sir Michael Scholar.
We were delighted to read a letter by the National Statistician of the time, John Pullinger, to the chair of the UK Statistics Authority, Sir David Norgrove, to confirm that pre-release access to official statistics produced by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) would cease from 1 July 2017. It cited our campaign and its arguments as a key reason for this change being made.
Our work on this issue was acknowledged in a number of articles in national and international newspapers, including the Financial Times, Independent, Wall Street Journal, City AM, New York Times, Daily Mail and Observer.
In 2018, the campaign won a MemCom award for 'Best Campaign on a Shoestring'. The judges commented that it was an 'outstanding entry, head and shoulders above the rest. The judges liked the clear, simple objective - to stop government spokespeople putting a spin on official statistics by denying them pre-release access. This society mobilised its members to work towards ending this abuse of statistics and, as a result, very significant public benefit was achieved.'
More recently, we were delighted to welcome a proposed Parliamentary Bill to limit pre-release access to statistics in Scotland, and RSS's president wrote to the First Minister, Rt Hon Nicola Sturgeon MSP, to call for reform.
Read the letter in full (PDF).
News
Press releases
RSS in the news