http://www.waterjobsnow.com/content/privacy-waterjobsnow.cfm
Home
Find Water Jobs
Water Resources Job Search
Favorite Employers
Job Search Resources
Overview
About Job Search
Types of Water Jobs
Industry Associations
Operator Certifications
Job Seeker Info
Employers
Information
Privacy Policy
Updated October 3, 2018
WaterJobsNOW.com, herein referred to as "the Website", is owned and operated by Prancing Dog Publications LLC, a Florida limited liability company ( Company).
By visiting the Website, you are affirming that you, the user, have read the Privacy Policy as well as the referenced and applicable privacy policies of noted third party content and service providers, and that you understand and consent to the associated data collection practices.
This Privacy Policy provides information as to how the Company collects and processes your Personal Data obtained via this Website, whether you are just a visitor or whether you use the Website as a customer.
Over time the Company may form new relationships with content providers in order to provide new content or to change the provider of existing content. The Company will update this Privacy Policy at the time any of our relationships and/or the resulting collecting or using of Personal Data changes.
It is important to note that while this Website intends to support strictly U.S. based job seekers and workers, and therefore employers hiring for U.S. based jobs, the Website is not blocked for access to users worldwide. Further, multinational companies may use this Website or our content providers for recruitment or advertising purposes to fill jobs based in the U.S. or sell products and services to U.S. based citizens.
Third Party Content Providers
This Website enables its users to make certain information publicly available through job postings. Please be advised that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and employers should exercise caution when deciding to disclose corporate or personal information. The Company does not accept responsibility for the public disclosure of any corporate or personal information provided in this manner.
Likewise, this Website enables a job seeker to submit personal information, via a resume, to an employer's job posting. The Company does not accept responsibility for the integrity of any employers submitting job listings via the third party content provider. The Company does not screen or validate the integrity of any job seeker resumes distributed to employers as a result of their job listings appearing on this website. Therefore the company does not accept responsibility for the integrity of either the employer advertisements or the potential applicants responding to those advertisements.
The Company displays job listings and also provides users with the ability to sign up for ZipAlerts through our third party content provider, ZipRecruiter, Inc. The Company does not have access to this information as this is administered exclusively through the third party provider. See the privacy policy at https://www.ziprecruiter.com/privacy.
The Company displays content from Campus Explorer in order that they provide information to those users of the Website who specifically request information about schools and education programs available to them and meeting the criteria that the user identifies. The Company does not have access to that data nor is it responsible for the usage of that data. The privacy policy currently in place for Campus Explorer can be found at https://www.campusexplorer.com/company/legal/privacy/ .
Advertising
The Website utilizes Google’s Adsense system to place various forms of banner advertising throughout the pages of the Website. Google Adsense uses cookies to serve ads to the user that could be based on a user’s prior visit to the Website. In addition, Google uses the DoubleClick cookie in order to serve interest based advertising to users based on their visits to other sites on the Internet as well. Users may opt out of this interest based advertising by adjusting the settings on their browser. To learn more about how Google uses cookies, please see https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies .
The Company may also work directly with an advertiser to place its banner on the Website.
Please note that the Company uses advertising on the Website in order to provide the service for free to its users.
Use of Cookies
The Website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users. This helps us to provide you with a good experience as you browse and also allows us to improve the Website. By continuing to browse the Website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
Third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which the Company has no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies.
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of the Website.
Communications -- The Company retains the right to communicate with prior or current users of the Website during the normal course of Website and job board operations and to notify users of new or existing features or promotions that may be of interest to them.
Company Assets -- As Prancing Dog Publications LLC continues to develop its service offerings; we might buy or sell companies or assets. In such transactions, customer information could be one of the transferred business assets. In the event that Prancing Dog Publications LLC or all of its assets are acquired, customer information could be one of the transferred assets.
Children -- This Website is not intended for use by persons under the age of 18 years. The Company does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use this Website.
Notification of Changes to this Privacy Policy -- In the event that Prancing Dog Publications LLC materially changes this privacy statement or the intent of this policy, we will immediately post any changes clearly on the website so that our users will be informed of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose it. The company strives to keep users fully informed.
Contact -- If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact the Publisher at Prancing Dog Publications LLC via publisher@prancingdogpubs.com.
Get Your Degree!
Find schools and get information on the program that’s right for you.
Powered by Campus Explorer
Contact
|
Privacy
|
Terms
|
About
© Copyright 2019 Prancing Dog Publications LLC