http://www.pine-environmental.com/pages/privacy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Menu
Home
Policies
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Quality
Health & Safety
Privacy
Environmental
Bribery & Corruption
Cookies Policy
Environmental and Safety Surcharge (ESS)
Privacy Policy
Pine is committed to respecting an individual’s right to privacy and will take all reasonable steps to ensuring that any information received is treated responsibly and in accordance with any relevant legislation. This policy may be updated at any time and we encourage all website visitors to check back from time to time to familiarize themselves with any changes.
Personal and Contact Information
Pine may collect and use the following kinds of information:
Information about your use of this website
Information that you freely provide in the course of using this website (such as contact forms, registration information)
Any other information that you provide
Pine may use the information provided above to:
Customize your website experience, through the use of personalized information (such as products and pricing)
Administer the website
Enable access to the website by use of individual log-in functionality
Send requested information to you (using the details you provide)
Supply you with services that you specifically requested
Send you relevant marketing communications (see our Opt-Out policy below)
Pine will not provide any personal or contact information to any third parties without explicit permission. However, we may have to provide some details to our registered providers responsible for delivering content (such as IT services).
Data Security
Pine will store all information responsibly on our secure servers, and will take all reasonable precautions to prevent the loss and misuse of this data.
Other Websites
This website contains links to other websites which are outside the scope of this Privacy Policy and Pine therefore cannot be responsible for the Privacy Policy, use or information contained therein.
Opt-out Policy
We respect your right to avoid spam and always strive to send relevant and interesting information. However, we realize that we may get it wrong, so if you would like to opt out of our marketing communications at any time, please use the contact details provided in the Contacts section of this website and we will remove you from the relevant list.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, we may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Contact Us
You can contactus to discuss any detail of the above policy.
Contact Us
Policies
Quality
Health & Safety
Privacy
Environmental
Bribery & Corruption
Cookies Policy
Environmental and Safety Surcharge (ESS)
Who We Are
Pine is the leading provider of rental equipment in the nation for Environmental Monitoring Equipment, Sampling and Safety Supplies, Non-Destructive Testing and Visual Inspection Instruments, as well as Continuous Emissions Monitoring (CEMS) Equipment and EPA Protocol Gases.
Read More
Our Initiatives
At Pine we are committed to protecting the community and environment that we share by implementing high environmental standards in our workplace and striving to create a better place to live with help from the equipment and services that we provide.
Read More
Receive Product Updates
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
We have detected your location to be from Canada, would you like to go to our Canadian Store?
No, keep me here.
Yes, take me to the Canadian website