http://www.udg.org.uk/about/privacy
Jump to navigation
What is Urban Design?
History of the UDG
Executive Committee
Regions
Constitution
Manifesto
You are hereHome | About
Privacy Policy
The Urban Design Group respects your privacy. The information that you provide us with, or that is gathered automatically, helps us to monitor our service and provide you with the services that you have subscribed to. Please be aware that any personal information that you submit through forums, letters or emails for publication and similar may be collected by others.
While we strive to keep the information that you supply directly or indirectly secure, please note that the Internet is not a fully secure medium.
By using our site you agree to accept this privacy policy and are aware that our policy may change with time. Any changes to this policy will appear on this web page.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us.
Upcoming Events
UDG AGM 2020
Monday 14 December 2020 - 18:00
Urban Design Jobs
Associate + Senior Associate Masterplanners
David Lock Associates
London and South East
Graduate Urban Designer
Planit-IE
North West
Principal Urban Design + Heritage Officer LBHF50291
LB Hammersmith + Fulham
London and South East
Urban Designer
Place By Design
South West
Graduate Training Programme 2021
Pegasus Group
Urban Design Directory
Urban Design Practices
Urban Design Projects
Recognised Practitioners
Urban Design Courses
Supporting Services
Tweets by UDGUrbanUpdate
Urban Update
A regular free news service for people with an interest in the design of cities, towns and villages. It covers latest news, research, events and jobs. You are free to unsubscribe anytime.
Click Here to Subscribe
Membership
About the UDG
Join the UDG
Pay Fees
Recognised Practitioners
Events
Upcoming Events
Events Archive
Awards
Conference
Resources
Journal
Directory
Urbannous
Careers & Courses
Urban Design Jobs
Advertise a Vacancy
Urban Design as a Career
Urban Design Courses
© 2020 Urban Design Group. Terms of Use / Privacy Policy / Cookie Policy
Website developed by BrightPie Limited.