http://www.psychdata.net/content/privacy.asp
Suggestions?  |
print this page  |
help
Home
Create Account
About Us
Testimonials
Features
Purchase
Library
Blog
Support
Contact Us
Library: Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 6, 2003
Personal Information
PsychData does not—and will not—sell or share personal information provided by our members.
PsychData uses contact information to communicate with members about services
they have purchased and to provide important information to members if necessary.
Members may opt-in or opt-out of a monthly newsletter from PsychData by editing
their personal information. The institutions of our members may be listed, in aggregate
and without reference to any member, on the website. PsychData reserves the right
to perform statistical analyses of website usage by collecting and analyzing visitor IP addresses in aggregate.
Passwords are assigned, changed, and retrieved through the email address provided by the member.
It is the member's responsibility to actively protect their email address and password to ensure
the security of their account.
Survey Data Collected by PsychData Members
Data collected by member surveys are the property of the individual member.
Questions regarding the handling of such data should be directed to the survey owner.
Unique computer addresses (IP addresses) may be collected from participants when they
submit survey responses. Once submitted, data is password protected and can only be
downloaded by the account owner. Members are solely responsible for data once downloaded.
Members may delete data they collect at their sole discretion. Member surveys and data are
deleted at the termination of services.
If you believe that a PsychData member is conducting research in an unethical or illegal manner,
please notify us at support@psychdata.com
Library: Articles and Videos
All Video Tutorials
Download to SPSS
Save and Return
IRB Application Tips
Identifying Info
Question Logic
Using Video in Surveys
Using Images as Answers
Random Stimulus
FAQ
Security Statement
Privacy Policy
Terms of Agreement
Compare Us
Sample Questions
Using Copyrighted Materials
Researcher Tips
Comparision
Link to PsychData
Create Account
Security Statement  |
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2001-2020 PsychData®, LLC. All rights reserved.