http://www.pibc.bc.ca/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
Terms of Use
Home
Terms of Use
Submissions Moderated: All submissions of postings are subject to review by PIBC prior to their posting online.
Submissions Subject to Review:  PIBC reserves the right to reject, or decline the submission of any posting, or remove any posting, at any time, for any reason. PIBC further reserves the right to review and edit, at its discretion, any posting, as PIBC may deem necessary from time to time, for length, clarity, legal, technical, or any other reason.
Errors & Omissions: PIBC accepts no responsibility for errors, omissions or other technical issues related to any posting submitted which result from the original content or information submitted by users of the posting services.
Content Liability: PIBC accepts no responsibility or liability for the information or content displayed online as a result of the submission of a posting by users of the posting service.
Disruption to Services: While PIBC will make every reasonable, good-faith effort to deliver the posting services as outlined to users, PIBC accepts no responsibility for delays, technical failures, or other disruptions which may occur from time to time due to circumstances beyond the reasonable control of PIBC.
Payment: By making an online submission of any event posting, the user agrees to and accepts full responsibility for all costs (including all applicable fees, taxes, and other charges) as outlined. PIBC reserves the right to impose penalties, interest, or other charges on unpaid invoices for posting services.
Prices Subject to Change: PIBC reserves the right to amend or change prices, fees or other charges associated with the posting services from time to time.
Privacy: PIBC respects the privacy of users of the posting services, and will make all reasonable, good-faith efforts to protect private or personal information provided to PIBC as part of the posting services. PIBC does not sell, share, or otherwise disclose private or personal information provided to PIBC as part of the posting services with any third party.
Questions? Should you have any questions, or require any assistance regarding PIBC posting services, please e-mail info@pibc.bc.ca
Image
Page Title in Header Image
Terms of Use
Breadcrumb Text
Terms of Use
Join PIBC!
Become part of the planning profession in British Columbia and the Yukon. Join PIBC!
Click Here
Calendar of Events
Click the button below to see all events listed on the PIBC website.
Click Here
Career Opportunities
View the latest planning employment postings by click the button below.
Click Here