http://www.ispe.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
OK
ISPE.org uses cookies to improve site functionality and to provide you with a better browsing experience.
By using our site or clicking on "OK", you consent to the use of cookies.
You are here
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 2020
The International Society for Pharmaceutical Engineering, Inc. (ISPE) thanks you for visiting our Web site. ISPE respects the privacy of its Members, customers, and other users of its Web site and is committed to ensuring online privacy. This policy guides how ISPE collects, stores, and uses information which is collected by ISPE or provided to ISPE, whether through the Website or by other methods, such as applications, registrations, or orders for services or products. This policy covers ISPE’s website, https://ispe.org. See below for details related to:
GDPR Privacy Notice
Cookie Policy
Because ISPE wants to demonstrate its commitment to our users’ privacy, this document discloses our information practices including:
What personally identifiable information ISPE collects.
How ISPE uses the information.
With whom ISPE may share user information.
What choices are available to users regarding collection, use, and distribution of the information.
What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under ISPE control.
How users can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact Member and Industry Services by email: ask@ispe.org, tel: +1-813-960-2105 or write to: 600 N. Westshore Blvd., Suite 900, Tampa, FL 33609 USA.
Information Collection and Use Information Collection
Data is collected by ISPE to help ISPE better serve its Members and the Life Sciences Industry. ISPE collects voluntarily submitted information, including a person’s name, telephone number, address, business phone and facsimile numbers, and email address. This contact information is used by ISPE to keep Members and nonmembers informed about ISPE events, activities, opportunities, and news. This information also might be used by ISPE to contact Members about their membership status or account status.
To gain access to Members-only resources and other features on the ISPE Web site, Members are asked to register and provide some information. This data is submitted voluntarily.
For general users, no personal information is collected when visiting the ISPE site unless voluntarily submitted. Anonymous information, such as general statistics, (e.g., the most visited page and number of hits per page) is collected and used for internal purposes by ISPE.
ISPE is the sole owner of the information collected on https://ispe.org and by other methods such as membership applications, registration forms, and order forms.
Registration
In order to use the Members-Only section of the Web site, ISPE Members must first log into the ISPE Web site. In order to make a purchase or register for an event, all users must either create a user profile or log into the Web site to access their account. When creating a user profile, a user is required to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to contact the user about ISPE services and products. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as job function and business category), but it is encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience.
Orders
We request information from the user on our membership application, order, and registration forms. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user. ISPE has implemented numerous security features to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information. In particular, when a visitor provides information through the Site, ISPE offers the visitor the ability to use a secure server. The secure server encrypts all information a visitor inputs before it is sent to ISPE, and is also used to store personal information securely.
Discussion Forums
Users should be aware that any messages posted to the Discussion Forums could be indexed and displayed by search engines. All information is supplied voluntarily by the user.
eCommunities
Users of the eCommunities feature on the ISPE Web site will need to log in to use the invitation-only eCommunities. Once logged in, some actions will automatically display the users name, such as when uploading documents. Posting a message to the eCommunities forum will display the user’s name and email address unless he or she has checked the “Post Anonymously” box.
Information Use
Cookies
ISPE uses cookies, which are in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We use session ID cookies to give you a more personalized browsing experience and help you navigate the Site more efficiently. These cookies are temporary and are deleted when you close your browser. We also use web analytics software, which employs “persistent” cookies, to collect information from your web browser regarding your use of the Site.
You can set your browser so that you are notified whenever a "cookie" is being sent, giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it. If you choose to reject cookies, you might limit the functionality of certain areas of our site, as for example, the ability to make edits to your profile.
These cookies cannot be used to obtain other data from your hard drive, to learn your email address, or to acquire sensitive information about your person or organization.
Learn more about our cookie policy.
Third Party Disclosure
ISPE is, in part, a networking organization that affords its Members the opportunity to meet one another; build relationships; attend networking and information sharing opportunities; interact with potential clients and partners; exchange technical, marketing, and other information; and socialize with industry and technology professionals. Members join ISPE, in part, to facilitate this exchange of information about the vast array of companies, products, services, expertise, and interests represented within the Life Sciences Industry.
Member contact information is made available to other ISPE Members and to the public in a variety of ways, including the ISPE Membership Directory, delegate rosters, newsletters (including those from ISPE Affiliates and Chapters), Communities of Practice, etc. For example, ISPE publications often mention Members in a variety of contexts (e.g., new Members, news, accomplishments, or participation in ISPE activities).
Upon request, limited data, such as names, job titles, companies, business addresses, email addresses, and Affiliate/Chapter membership is sometimes provided to third parties that offer products and services. This distribution of information is at ISPE’s discretion. ISPE will comply with Member requests not to make this limited data available to third parties and/or the general public. Members may contact ISPE Member Services at ask@ispe.org or tel: +1-813-960-2105 to request that their information not be distributed or listed.
ISPE reserves the right to disclose personally identifiable information about you to third parties as follows:
With your consent.
To ISPE's agents and advisors (such as our accountants or attorneys). We only disclose the personal information necessary for them to provide their services to you or to us, and only under strict confidentiality restrictions.
To comply with the law as described in detail below (See “Sharing” Legal Disclaimer)
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. ISPE does not link IP addresses, etc. to personally identifiable information.
Communications from the Site
Special Offers and Updates
We send all new registered users a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established users and ISPE Members will occasionally receive information on products, services, and special offers. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see the Choice / Opt-out section.
Member Services
We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the users wishes.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with the law (including court and government orders, and civil subpoenas). ISPE also reserves the right to disclose personal information to protect the rights, property, or safety of ISPE, our users, or others or if you partake (or we reasonably suspect that you are partaking) in any illegal or potentially illegal activity. We may disclose personal information even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order, to the extent we feel is necessary to inform and cooperate with law enforcement agencies or other appropriate authorities.
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers such as number of visitor demographics, clicks, and the like. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
Third Party Intermediaries
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Financial Information
Credit card information submitted by users of the web site is not used by ISPE except to provide users with the services and products that have been specifically ordered. ISPE does not disclose this information except to process these transactions.
Outside Product Providers
We partner with other third parties to provide specific products and services (for example, Marcel Dekker for industry publications and EduNeering, Inc. for E-Learning courses). When the user orders these particular products or services, we share names and contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide them. These third parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these products or services.
Choice/Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive our promotional communications may opt-out of receiving the promotional communications from ISPE by replying with remove or unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or email us at ask@ispe.org. People also may opt-out of receiving other communications (such as mail or faxes) from ISPE by contacting us at tel: 1-813-960-2105 or email: ask@ispe.org
Links
ISPE may provide links, in its sole discretion, to other sites on the World Wide Web for Your convenience in locating related information and services. These sites have not necessarily been reviewed by ISPE and are maintained by third parties over which ISPE exercises no control. Additionally, ISPE has no control over third party privacy practices, and this Privacy Policy applies only to information you supply (or that we collect) in connection with use of this Site. You should review third party privacy policies in connection with visiting any linked web sites.
ISPE MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND IN CONNECTION WITH ANY THIRD-PARTY SITE OR ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR MATERIALS AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH ANY THIRD-PARTY SITE.
ISPE does not endorse, and shall not be liable in connection with, the content, the accuracy of the information, and/or quality of products or services provided by or advertised on these third-party web sites. Use of third-party sites is at Your own risk.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
Use of this Site is entirely at your own risk and is subject to all applicable state, national and international laws and regulations. ALL MATERIALS ON THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you.
NEITHER ISPE NOR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, MEMBERS, AFFILIATES OR AGENTS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ( EVEN AFTER HAVING BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) , WHETHER UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH: (A) YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE SITE; (B) ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, ACTIVITIES, AND/OR MATERIALS AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE; (C) ANY BREACHES OF SECURITY INVOLVING THE SITE OR YOUR ACCOUNT, OR ANY LACK OF AVAILABILITY OR OPERATIONAL PROBLEM OF, THE SITE; OR (D) ANY VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE THAT MAY AFFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR OTHER PROPERTY AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages. In such jurisdictions, our liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
ISPE, its officers, directors, directors, employees, members, affiliates and agents also disclaim all liability for claims and/or damages from any negligent misrepresentations made by you or other Web Site users.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL, 40-bit. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just ‘surfing’.
Users credit card information is stored on computers that are not connected to the Internet. We restrict access to users’ personally identifiable information to employees who need to know that information in order to provide products or services to users. Our employees use a password-protected database to access user information. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, in a locked facility.
ISPE Members have access to a searchable online Membership Directory in the password-protected Members-Only section of the ISPE Web site. ISPE Members may ‘opt-out’ of having their name posted in the ISPE Membership Directory.
Designated leaders in each ISPE Affiliate and Chapter have access to a password-protected area on the ISPE Web site to download the names and contact information for ISPE Members and nonmembers in their local area.
If users have any questions about the security at our Web site, users can send an email to ask@ispe.org or tel: +1-813-960-2105.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email, or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users’ personally identifiable information. This can be done by logging into the user profile page, or by contacting ISPE at email: ask@ispe.org or tel: +1-813-960-2105. Notification of Changes
If ISPE makes any substantive changes to our privacy practices, ISPE will post the policy changes on our Website.
GDPR Privacy Notice
This notice guides how ISPE collects, stores, and uses personal data which is collected by ISPE or provided to ISPE, whether through the website or by other methods, such as applications, registrations, provision of services or products, or orders for services or products, whenever the collection or processing of that personal data is governed by the EU General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR.
Because ISPE wants to demonstrate its commitment to our users’ privacy, this document discloses our personal data practices including:
What personal data ISPE collects.
How ISPE uses the personal data.
With whom ISPE may share user personal data.
What choices are available to users regarding collection, use, and distribution of the personal data.
What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under ISPE control.
How users can correct any inaccuracies in the personal data or otherwise exercise their rights. If users have questions or concerns regarding this notice, or if you wish to exercise any of your rights detailed below, please contact Member and Industry Services by email: ask@ispe.org, tel: +1-813-960-2105 or write to: 600 N. Westshore Blvd., Suite 900, Tampa, FL 33609 USA.
Information Collection and Use
Personal data is data that directly or indirectly identifies a living person. ISPE collects personal data to help ISPE better serve its Members and the Life Sciences Industry. ISPE collects voluntarily submitted personal data, including a person’s name, telephone number, address, business phone and fax numbers, and email address. This contact information is used by ISPE to keep Members and nonmembers informed about ISPE events, activities, opportunities, and news, and to plan, organize. and sponsor those events. This personal data also might be used by ISPE to contact Members about their membership status or account status. By virtue of joining ISPE as a member, members agree to receive communications from ISPE.
To gain access to Members-Only resources and other features on the ISPE Web site, Members are asked to register and provide some personal data. This data is submitted voluntarily.
For general users, no personal data is collected when visiting the ISPE website unless voluntarily submitted. Anonymous information, such as general statistics, (e.g., the most visited page and number of hits per page) is collected and used for internal purposes by ISPE.
If you do not provide required personal data we will not be able to fulfill your request.
ISPE is the sole owner of the information collected on https://ispe.org and by other methods such as membership applications, registration forms, and order forms.
Registration
In order to use the Members-Only section of the Website, ISPE Members must first log into the ISPE Website. In order to make a purchase or register for an event, all users must either create a user profile or log into the Website to access their account. When creating a user profile, a user is required to give contact information (such as name and email address). If you do not provide required personal data we will not be able to complete your registration. We use this information to contact the user about ISPE services and products. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as job function and business category), but it is encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience.
Orders – Event Participation
We request personal data from the user on our membership application, order, and registration forms, such as for ordering products or signing up for an event or an activity. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). If you do not provide required personal data, we will not be able to fulfil your order. This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user. We may also obtain personal data of event participants from ISPE Chapters and affiliates in order to track the demographics (country, specialization) of event participants. We also process information in the regular course of business, when dealing with our suppliers and business partners. This information may include the personal data of suppliers’ and partners’ employees or agents.
Discussion Forums
Users should be aware that any messages posted to the Discussion Forums could be indexed and displayed by search engines. All personal data is supplied voluntarily by the user.
eCommunities
Users of the eCommunities feature on the ISPE Website will need to log in to use the invitation- only eCommunities. Once logged in, some actions will automatically display the users' name, such as when uploading documents. Posting a message to the eCommunities forum will display the user’s name and email address unless he or she has checked the “Post Anonymously” box.
Third Parties
Occasionally, third parties will ask us for member lists in order to communicate to members about events, products, and services that may be of interest to them. We only provide contact details of members who have opted-in to receive such communications.
Justification for Using Information
All processing (i.e. use) of your personal data is justified by a "condition" for processing. When responding to your specific requests for personal data, registering you, processing orders or administering your membership (including sending you materials contemplated by our membership terms), the processing of your personal data is necessary to perform a contract with you or take steps to enter into a contract at your request;
In some cases, processing your personal data is necessary for us to comply with a relevant legal obligation in the European Union, such as [under transparency laws];
Other processing (such as administrating discussion forums and eCommunities) is in our legitimate interests in providing opportunities for members to communicate, subject to your interests and fundamental rights;
Some processing (such as sending you materials that may be of interest to you) is in our legitimate interests in promoting the activities of our association, Chapters, and members, subject to your interests and fundamental rights;
Processing our suppliers’ and business partners’ employee and agent personal data is in our legitimate interest to perform contracts with our suppliers and partners, or take pre-contractual steps at their request;
In some cases, you may have consented to the processing.
Information Use
Cookies
ISPE uses cookies, which are in no way linked to any personal data. We use session ID cookies to give you a more personalized browsing experience and help you navigate the Site more efficiently. These cookies are temporary and are deleted when you close your browser. We also use web analytics software, which employs “persistent” cookies, to collect information from your web browser regarding your use of the Site.
You can set your browser so that you are notified whenever a "cookie" is being sent, giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it. If you choose to reject cookies, you might limit the functionality of certain areas of our site, as for example, the ability to make edits to your profile.
These cookies cannot be used to obtain other data from your hard drive, to learn your email address, or to acquire sensitive personal data about your person or organization.
Third Party Disclosure
ISPE is, in part, a networking organization that affords its Members the opportunity to meet one another; build relationships; attend networking and information sharing opportunities; interact with potential clients and partners; exchange technical, marketing, and other information; and socialize with industry and technology professionals. Members join ISPE, in part, to facilitate this exchange of information about the vast array of companies, products, services, expertise, and interests represented within the Life Sciences Industry.
Member contact personal data is made available to other ISPE Members and to the public in a variety of ways, including the ISPE Membership Directory, delegate rosters, and newsletters (including those from ISPE Affiliates and Chapters). For example, ISPE publications often mention Members in a variety of contexts (e.g., new Members, news, accomplishments, or participation in ISPE activities).
Upon request, limited data, such as names, job titles, companies, business addresses, email addresses, and Affiliate/Chapter membership is sometimes provided to third parties that offer products and services. This distribution of personal data is at ISPE’s discretion. ISPE will comply with Member requests not to make this limited data available to third parties and/or the general public. Members may contact ISPE Member Services at ask@ispe.org or tel: +1-813- 960-2105 to request that their personal data not be distributed or listed.
ISPE reserves the right to disclose personal data about you to third parties as follows:
With your consent.
To ISPE's agents and advisors (such as our accountants or attorneys). We only disclose the personal data necessary for them to provide their services to you or to us pursuant to the member terms, or agreements with our suppliers or business partners, and only under strict confidentiality restrictions.
To comply with the law as described in detail below (See “Sharing” Legal Disclaimer)
Log Files
Like most standard Website servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. ISPE does not link IP addresses, etc. to personal data.
Communications from the Site
Special Offers and Updates
We send all new registered users a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established users and ISPE Members will occasionally receive information on products, services,and special offers. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see the Choice / Opt-out section.
Member Services
We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the users wishes.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal data when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with the law (including court and government orders, and civil subpoenas). ISPE also reserves the right to disclose personal data to protect the rights, property, or safety of ISPE, our users, or others or if you partake (or we reasonably suspect that you are partaking) in any illegal or potentially illegal activity. We may disclose personal data even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order, to the extent we feel is necessary to inform and cooperate with law enforcement agencies or other appropriate authorities.
Aggregate Information
(non-personally identifiable) We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers such as number of visitor demographics, clicks, and the like. This is not linked to any personal data.
Third Party Intermediaries
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store, or use personal data for any secondary purposes.
Financial Information
Credit card information submitted by users of the web site is not used by ISPE except to provide users with the services and products that have been specifically ordered. ISPE does not disclose this information except to process these transactions.
Outside Product Providers
We partner with other third parties to provide specific products and services contemplated by the member terms. When the user orders these particular products or services, we share names and contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide them. These third parties are not allowed to use personal data except for the purpose of providing these products or services.
Choice/Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive our promotional communications may opt-out of receiving the promotional communications from ISPE by replying with remove or unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or email us at ask@ispe.org. People also may opt-out of receiving other communications (such as mail or faxes) from ISPE by contacting us at tel: 1-813-960-2105 or email: ask@ispe.org
Transfers Outside the EU
We are located in the United States. Personal data you provide us will be recorded, processed, and stored in the United States by us and by third party service providers as described herein. [We take steps to ensure that your personal data receives the same level of protection as if it remained within the EU, including by entering into data transfer agreements, using the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses, or by relying on certification schemes such as the EU - US Privacy Shield.] You have a right to obtain details of the mechanism under which your personal data is transferred outside of the EU by contacting askeu@ispe.org.
Automated Decision-Making and Profiling
We engage in the processing of your personal data for the purpose of making automated decisions about volunteer opportunities, special offers, and content on our website. This includes the processing of your personal data to create profiles of members and potential members in order to provide everyone with relevant information. The logic of this automated decision-making relies on interactions with ISPE at the international or local (Affiliate/Chapter) level through membership, event registration, and product purchases. This processing can produce effects that concern you, such as receiving information irrelevant to your interests.
Retention of Your Personal Data
We retain personal data only for as long as required to fulfil the member terms or the terms of our supplier and business partner agreements. We retain member data as long as you remain a member and for the period thereafter in which legal claims may be made, generally 5 years, corresponding to a statute of limitation so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges. In other instances, we apply a general rule of keeping personal data as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected. However, in some circumstances we may retain personal data for other periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax and accounting requirements, or if required to do so by a legal process, legal authority, or other governmental entity having authority to make the request, for so long as required.
Links
ISPE may provide links, in its sole discretion, to other sites on the World Wide Web for Your convenience in locating related information and services. These sites have not necessarily been reviewed by ISPE and are maintained by third parties over which ISPE exercises no control. Additionally, ISPE has no control over third party privacy practices, and this Privacy Notice applies only to personal data you supply (or that we collect) in connection with use of this Site. You should review third party privacy policies in connection with visiting any linked websites.
ISPE MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND IN CONNECTION WITH ANY THIRD-PARTY SITE OR ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR MATERIALS AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH ANY THIRD-PARTY SITE.
ISPE does not endorse, and shall not be liable in connection with, the content, the accuracy of the information, and/or quality of products or services provided by or advertised on these third-party websites. Use of third-party sites is at your own risk.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
Use of this Site is entirely at your own risk and is subject to all applicable state, national and international laws and regulations. ALL MATERIALS ON THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. NEITHER ISPE NOR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, MEMBERS, AFFILIATES OR AGENTS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ( EVEN AFTER HAVING BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) , WHETHER UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH: (A) YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE SITE; (B) ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, ACTIVITIES, AND/OR MATERIALS AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE; (C) ANY BREACHES OF SECURITY INVOLVING THE SITE OR YOUR ACCOUNT, OR ANY LACK OF AVAILABILITY OR OPERATIONAL PROBLEM OF, THE SITE; OR (D) ANY VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE THAT MAY AFFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR OTHER PROPERTY AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages. In such jurisdictions, our liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
ISPE, its officers, directors, directors, employees, members, affiliates and agents also disclaim all liability for claims and/or damages from any negligent misrepresentations made by you or other Website users.
Security
This Website takes every precaution to protect our users’ personal data. When users submit sensitive personal data via the Website, their personal data is protected both online and off- line. ISPE has implemented numerous security features to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal data. In particular, when a visitor provides personal data through the Site, ISPE offers the visitor the ability to use a secure server. The secure server encrypts all personal data a visitor inputs before it is sent to ISPE, and is also used to store personal data securely.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive personal data (such as credit card number), that personal data is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL, 256-bit. While on a secure page there will be a lock icon on either the address bar or at the bottom of the web browser. Users credit card information is not stored on ISPE computers. We restrict access to users’ personal data to employees who need to know that personal data in order to provide products or services to users. Our employees use a password-protected database to access user personal data. Finally, the servers that store personal data are in a secure environment, in a locked facility.
Consistent with the member terms, ISPE Members have access to a searchable online Membership Directory in the password-protected Members-Only section of the ISPE Website. ISPE Members may ‘opt-out’ of having their name posted in the ISPE Membership Directory.
Designated leaders in each ISPE Affiliate and Chapter have access to a password-protected area on the ISPE Web site to download the names and contact information for ISPE Members and nonmembers in their local area.
If users have any questions about the security at our Web site, users can send an email to ask@ispe.org or tel: +1-813-960-2105.
Your Rights
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a user’s personal data changes (such as zip code, phone, email, or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update, or delete/deactivate users’ personal data. This can be done by logging into the user profile page, or by contacting ISPE at email: ask@ispe.org or tel: +1-813-960-2105.
Notification of Changes
If ISPE makes any substantive changes to our privacy practices, ISPE will post the Notice changes on our Website.
Other Rights
You also have the right to request access to your personal data as well as additional personal data about the processing.
In the event your personal data is processed on the basis of your consent, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Further, you are entitled to have your personal data erased, under certain circumstances.
As from 25 May 2018, you also have the following additional rights:
Data portability - where we are relying (as the legal basis for processing) upon your consent, or the fact that the processing is necessary to perform a contract to which you are party or to take steps at your request prior to entering a contract, and the personal data is processed by automatic means, you have the right to receive all such personal data which you have provided us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and also to require us to transmit it to another controller where this is technically feasible.
Right to erasure - you are entitled to have your personal data erased under specific circumstances, such as where you have withdrawn your consent, where you object to processing based on legitimate interests and we have no overriding legitimate grounds (see below) or where personal data is unlawfully processed.
Right to restriction of processing - you have the right to restrict our processing of your personal data (that is, allow only its storage) where:
you contest the accuracy of the personal data, until we have taken sufficient steps to correct or verify its accuracy;
where the processing is unlawful but you do not want us to erase the personal data;
where we no longer need your personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you require such personal data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or
where you have objected to processing justified on legitimate interest grounds (see below), pending verification as to whether we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing. Where your personal data is subject to restriction we will only process it with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Right to object to processing (including profiling) based on legitimate interest grounds - where we are relying upon legitimate interests to process personal data, you have the right to object to that processing. If you object, we must stop that processing unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or we need to process the personal data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. Where we rely upon legitimate interest as a basis for processing we believe that we can demonstrate such compelling legitimate grounds, but we will consider each case on an individual basis.
Right to object to direct marketing (including profiling) - you have the right to object to our use of your personal data (including profiling) for direct marketing purposes, such as when we use your personal data to invite you to our promotional events.
Right to lodge a complaint - you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of alleged infringement, if you consider that the processing of your personal data infringes applicable law. A list of data protection supervisory authorities is available here
Please contact us as indicated in Contact Information if you wish to exercise any of your rights, or if you have any enquiries or complaints regarding the processing of your personal data.
Changes to this notice
Any changes or updates we may make to this notice will be posted on this page in advance. [If we have your email on file, we will notify you in advance of any changes to this notice that are material or may impact you.] For other changes, please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this notice.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy Notice, or you wish to exercise any of your rights please contact us at:
Tel: +1-813-960-2105
Fax: +1-813-264-2816
Email: ask@ispe.org
Mail: 600 N. Westshore Blvd, Suite 900, Tampa, FL 33609 USA
We have a data protection officer, who can be contacted in the following way: askeu@ispe.org
Cookie Policy
ThisCookie Policy explains how International Society for Pharmaceutical Engineering (collectively "ISPE", "we", "us", and "ours") use cookies and similar technologies to recognize you when you visit our websites at https://ispe.org, www2.ispe.org, ("Websites"). It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
In some cases we may use cookies to collect personal information, or that becomes personal information if we combine it with other information. In such cases our Privacy Policy (https://ispe.org/privacy-policy) will apply in addition to this Cookie Policy.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
Cookies set by the website owner (in this case, ISPE) are called "first party cookies". Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third party cookies". Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g. like advertising, interactive content and analytics). The parties that set these third party cookies can recognize your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites.
Why do we use cookies?
We use first and third party cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for our Websites to operate, and we refer to these as "essential" or "strictly necessary" cookies. Other cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Online Properties. Third parties serve cookies through our Websites for advertising, analytics and other purposes. This is described in more detail below.
The specific types of first and third party cookies served through our Websites and the purposes they perform are described below (please note that the specific cookies served may vary depending on the specific Online Properties you visit):
Analytics and customization cookies:
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our Website are being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our Websites for you.
Who serves these cookies:
How to refuse: To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can I control cookies?".
Social networking cookies:
These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our Websites through third party social networking and other websites. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes too.
Who serves these cookies:
Cookie provider: AddThis
Website URL: www.addthis.com
How to refuse: To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can I control cookies?".
What about other tracking technologies, like web beacons?
Cookies are not the only way to recognize or track visitors to a website. We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs"). These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has visited our Websites. This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Websites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of e-mail marketing campaigns. In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
How can I control cookies?
You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information.
In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com.
How often will you update this Cookie Policy?
We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Please therefore re-visit this Cookie Policy regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
The date at the top of the Privacy Policy indicates when it was last updated.
Where can I get further information?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at ask@ispe.org or by post to:
International Society for Pharmaceutical Engineering
600 N. Westshore Blvd., Suite 900
Tampa, FL 33609 United States
Back to Top