http://www.nks.org/en/cookie-policy.htm
This is NKS
NKS-R
NKS-B
News
Seminars
NKS Reports
Phantom Library
How NKS uses cookies
NKS respects the privacy of our users and is committed to protecting all forms of personal information that users have sent to NKS.
By accessing, browsing and/or using nks.org, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be subject to the terms and conditions of this cookie policy and therefore agree to use cookies in accordance with these terms.
In general, our users can visit nks.org without telling us who they are and without disclosing any kind of personal information. Nks.org uses cookies to ensure the best user experience. Cookies are small text files that are located in the user's browser to track usage traces and store preferences. Our cookies do not contain information that can identify people.
Cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: A persistent cookie is stored by a browser and is valid until its set expiration date if it is not deleted by the user before the expiration date. However, a session cookie expires at the end of a user visit when the browser is closed. We use both session and persistent cookies at nks.org.
We also use Google Analytics to analyse the use of nks.org. Our analytics service provider generates statistics and other website usage information through cookies. The cookies for web analytics that we use at nks.org have the following names: _ga, _gat.
The information generated in relation to nks.org is used to create reports on the use of nks.org.
Our Analytics Services Privacy Policy Provider is available at: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Users can manage and/or delete cookies - for more information, please see https://aboutcookies.org.
Blocking or deleting all cookies has a negative influence on the stability of many websites. If users choose to block our cookies, they are not able to use all of the website's properties.
The policy may be updated from time to time, e.g. due to modifications of relevant legislation or changes in our corporate structure. We encourage all our users to periodically re-read this page for the latest information on our data protection practices.
Accept cookies
This website uses cookies to track statistics. Read moreAccept
Contact NKS
NKS SekretariatetBoks 49DK-4000 Roskilde
Telephone +45 46 77 40 41 E-mail: nks@nks.org
Address for visitorsDirections and map
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Alphabetical index  |
Sitemap  |
Extranet Login
Website last modified: 09 December 2020