http://www.trust.org/terms-and-conditions/
visit our news website
toggle navigation
home
our approach
focus areas
services
about us
media freedom
inclusive economies
human rights
journalism
media development
trustlaw
trust conference
training
Terms and conditions
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
These terms and conditions (together with the documents referred to in it) tells you the terms and conditions on which you may make use of our website www.trust.org (our Site), whether as a guest or a registered user. Use of our Site includes accessing, browsing, or registering to use our Site.
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before you start to use our site, as these will apply to your use of our Site. We recommend that you print a copy of this for future reference.
By using our Site, you confirm that you accept these terms and conditions and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you must not use our Site.
OTHER APPLICABLE TERMS
These terms and conditions refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:
Our Privacy Policy, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Our Acceptable Use Policy, which sets out the permitted uses and prohibited uses of our Site. When using our Site, you must comply with this Acceptable Use Policy.
Our Cookie Policy, which sets out information about the cookies on our Site.
If you use any of our news, jobs, pictures, youTrust, TrustLaw Connect services, media training through TrustMedia, or the In Translation service (together our Services), the terms and conditions of that Service shall apply in addition to these terms and conditions.
INFORMATION ABOUT US
www.trust.org is a site operated by the Thomson Reuters Foundation (We). We are a registered charity in England and Wales (number 1082139) and a company limited by guarantee registered in England (number 04047905) at 5 Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5AQ.
Reuters Foundation Consultants Limited is a subsidiary of the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
CHANGES TO OUR SITE
We may update our Site from time to time, and may change the content at any time. However, please note that any of the content on our Site may be out of date at any given time, and We are under no obligation to update it.
We do not guarantee that our Site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.
ACCESSING OUR SITE
Our Site is made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our Site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our Site is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our Site without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our Site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our Site.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our Site through your internet connection are aware of these terms and conditions and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
YOUR ACCOUNT AND PASSWORD
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures or for any of our Services, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms and conditions.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
You agree that all intellectual property rights in our Site, including copyright and trademarks, are and shall remain the property of us and/or third party providers and you shall not acquire any rights in them.
USING OUR CONTENT
Except as permitted herein, you may not reproduce or republish content (including news, pictures and multimedia) into other web sites, frame our site or otherwise exploit our content in any way without our prior written consent.
You must not use any part of the content on our Site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you wish to make any use of content on our Site other than that set out herein, please contact us.
Printing and downloading.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our Site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our Site.
Without prior consent, you must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
In Translation content.
You may publish articles and the related accompanying illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or graphics from the “In Translation” page of our Site (In Translation Content) subject to the following conditions:
a) Any accompanying illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or graphics may only be used alongside their associated article;
b) You must always retain the dateline or credit to Thomson Reuters Foundation at the end of the article and acknowledge us (and any identified contributors) as the authors of the content;
c) If you publish the content online, you must include a link to our Site, Trust.org.
d) In Translation Content published by you may not be edited, re-interpreted or re-ordered. If You need to reduce the length of the article, you may delete the paragraphs from the bottom only. Headlines of In Translation Articles may be amended, though must be relevant and appropriate in tone and reflect the meaning of the article.
If you print off, copy, download, reproduce or republish any part of our Site in breach of these terms and conditions, your right to use our Site or the In Translation service will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made and take them down from any websites or remove them from any publications.
Linking to our Site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part without our prior written consent.
THIRD PARTY LINKS AND RESOURCES IN OUR SITE
Where our Site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
NO RELIANCE ON INFORMATION
The content on our Site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our Site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our Site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our Site is accurate, complete or up-to-date. We also make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our Site published in languages other than English are free from errors of translation.
LIMITATION OF OUR LIABILITY
Nothing in these terms and conditions excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our Site or any content on it, whether express or implied.
We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our Site or our Services; or
use of or reliance on any content displayed on our Site.
If you are a business user, please note that in particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
business interruption;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide our Site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our Site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our Site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on our Site. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
We assume no responsibility for any errors of translation in content on our Site or the In Translation Service in languages other than English.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the use of any of our Services by you, which will be set out in the relevant terms and conditions for that Service.
UPLOADING CONTENT TO OUR SITE
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our Site, or to make contact with other users of our Site, you must comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty.
Any content you upload to our Site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such content for any purpose.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our Site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any content posted by you or any other user of our Site.
We have the right to remove any posting you make on our Site if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
The views expressed by other users on our Site do not represent our views or values.
VIRUSES
We do not guarantee that our Site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our Site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our Site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our Site, the server on which our Site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our Site. You must not attack our Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our Site will cease immediately.
APPLICABLE LAW
These terms and conditions, its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. Both you and we agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction.
TRADEMARKS
“THOMSON REUTERS FOUNDATION”, “ALERTNET”, “ASWAT MASRIYA”, “TRUSTLAW”, “TRUSTLAW CONNECT”, “TRUSTMEDIA” and “YOUTRUST”, are trademarks of the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Copyright
Copyright Thomson Reuters Foundation 2020. All content provided on this site is owned by or licensed to Thomson Reuters Foundation and/or its affiliates (the Thomson Reuters Foundation Content) and protected by international copyright laws. Thomson Reuters Foundation and its licensors retain all proprietary rights to the Thomson Reuters Foundation Content.
The Thomson Reuters Foundation Content may not be reproduced, transmitted or distributed without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Disclaimer
This site, and any newsletters sent by Thomson Reuters Foundation (Foundation Newsletters), do not provide legal advice or create a lawyer-client relationship. The information contained on Trust.org and in any Foundation Newsletters is for informational purposes only and does not constitute legal advice, or create a lawyer-client relationship between you and the Thomson Reuters Foundation. You should not act or fail to act based on the information on this site or on any Foundation Newsletters without first seeking appropriate legal or other professional advice about your specific facts and circumstances, from a lawyer licensed in your jurisdiction.
The content on this site and in any Foundation Newsletters, including news, quotes, data and other information, is provided by Thomson Reuters Foundation and its third party content providers for your personal information only, and is not intended for trading purposes. Content on this site or on any Foundation Newsletters is not appropriate for the purposes of making a decision to carry out a transaction or trade. Nor does it provide any form of advice (investment, tax, legal) amounting to investment advice, or make any recommendations regarding particular financial instruments, investments or products.
This site is provided by Thomson Reuters Foundation on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Thomson Reuters Foundation makes no representations or warranties of any kind express or implied, as to the operation of this site, or the information, content or materials included on this site. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk.
Neither Thomson Reuters Foundation nor its third party content providers shall be liable for any errors, inaccuracies or delays in content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THOMSON REUTERS FOUNDATION EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY OF ANY CONTENT PROVIDED, OR AS TO THE FITNESS OF THE INFORMATION FOR ANY PURPOSE.
Although Thomson Reuters Foundation makes reasonable efforts to obtain reliable content from third parties, Thomson Reuters Foundation does not guarantee the accuracy of or endorse the views or opinions given by any third party content provider. This site may point to other Internet sites that may be of interest to you however Thomson Reuters Foundation does not endorse or take responsibility for the content on such other sites.
NEWSLETTERS
Whilst Thomson Reuters Foundation has used reasonable endeavours to ensure that the information provided by Thomson Reuters Foundation in the Foundation Newsletters is accurate and up to date as at the time of issue, it reserves the right to make corrections and does not warrant that it is accurate or complete. News will change with time. Thomson Reuters Foundation hereby disclaims to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all liability in relation to the newsletters and does not give any warranties (including any statutory ones) in relation to the news.
This is a free service and therefore you agree by receiving any Foundation Newsletter(s) that this disclaimer is reasonable. Any copying, redistribution or republication of Thomson Reuters Foundation Newsletter(s), or the content thereof, for commercial gain is strictly prohibited.
Computer viruses can be transmitted via email. Recipients of any Foundation Newsletter(s) should check the Newsletter and any attachments for the presence of viruses. Thomson Reuters Foundation accepts no liability for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by a Foundation Newsletter. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. Thomson Reuters Foundation therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy and Cookies
Acceptable Use Policy
Contact Us
Trust Principles
Copyright © 2018 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139)
Latest News
Number of women in jail soars, despite global push to cut numbers
Two local firms win gold in India's first LGBT+ work equality index
ANALYSIS-Despite slow start, Paris climate accord 'alive and kicking' on fifth birthday
Facebook faces U.S. lawsuits that could force sale of Instagram, WhatsApp
At home of climate accord in Paris, campaigners demand action
Menu
Home
Our Approach
Focus Areas
Media Freedom
Inclusive Economies
Human Rights
Our Services
Journalism
Media Development
TrustLaw
Trust Conference
Training
About us