http://www.ase.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
PRIVACY POLICYThe Alliance to Save Energy (“Alliance”) is committed to protecting the privacy of our website visitors and want visitors to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through activities that link to this Privacy Policy, including websites and any mobile sites, applications, widgets and other mobile interactive features, our official social media pages that we control as well as HTML-formatted email messages that we send to you. Please read this policy to understand what personal information we collect, why we collect it and how we use the information we collect. By providing Personal Information to us, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.Modifications – The Alliance to Save Energy may amend this privacy policy from time to time; please review it periodically. We maintain the option to modify this privacy at any time by electronic notice posted on our website. Your continued use of our website after the date that such notices are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USEPersonal Information We May Collect“Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual, such as:NameEmail addressPhone numberPostal addressCountry of residenceOccupational information Information CollectionThe Alliance may collect personally identifiable information in the following ways:When you register to receive promotional materials from the Alliance on our “Stay Informed” webpage (http://www.ase.org/involved/stay-informed/signup).When you send us an email inquiry.When you register for an Alliance event.When you indicate your interest in supporting the Alliance.When you complete an entry form for one of our competitions.When you make a donation to the Alliance. Online donations are processed by PayPal or Corduro, but the Alliance has access to information in connection with your donation; however, at no time does the Alliance see or retain the full credit card number in connection with your donation. Mailed donations are processed directly by the Alliance finance department. Email Privacy – The Alliance to Save Energy does not provide, sell, or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization.We may on some occasions use information we collect to inform you of upcoming publications or other marketing material that would serve your interest. We do not sell, lease or share this information with individuals or organizations outside the Alliance for any purpose, including marketing or promotional purposes.If you submit any personal information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the websites, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.RIGHT TO OPT OUTYou have the right to "opt-out" of certain uses of your Personal Information. For example, at the time you are requested to provide Personal Information on this website and/or through our Services, you may have the opportunity to elect to, or not to, receive promotional correspondence from the Alliance. If subscribed to received emails and updates, every Alliance correspondence provides the opportunity to update your preferences or to fully unsubscribe. Please understand that if you opt-out of receiving promotional emails from the Alliance, we may still contact you by email in connection with your account with us or to provide you with important information about the Alliance’s services.LINKS TO OTHER SITESOur site contains external links to other organizations and websites, and we do not control the use of data collection on external websites. We encourage you to read their policy statements and terms of use. This policy statement governs only this site and other sites of the Alliance.THIRD PARTIESThis Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site to which these websites contain a link. The inclusion of a link on the websites does not imply endorsement of the linked site by us.Please refer to the following privacy policies for further information on how information is handled through third parties used by the Alliance:Form Assembly: http://www.formassembly.com/privacy-policy.phpSurveyMonkey: https://www.surveymonkey.com/mp/policy/privacy-policy/CQ Engage: http://www.economistgroup.com/results_and_governance/governance/privacy/Salesforce: http://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/full_privacy.jspPaypal: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-fullCorduro: http://www.corduro.com/policies/privacy/SECURITYThe Alliance makes every effort to protect your information, including:Physical safekeeping: As a secure facility, our offices are restricted to employees and authorized visitors only. All computers are password-protected.Electronic safekeeping: We use a perimeter firewall that is configured to let only necessary traffic through. All computers are patched regularly and have up-to-date antivirus software.Administrative safekeeping: All of our website visitors’ information is restricted to the Alliance offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific function (e.g. processing a donor receipt) are granted access to files and folders on the server containing personally identifiable information. All employees are educated about the Alliance’s high expectations for ethical standards, policies and practices committed to the protection of user information. Training and review of these policies takes place periodically.Although the Alliance takes all measures - physical, electronic and administrative - to prevent unauthorized access to and maintain the accuracy of your data and information, no information transferred over the Internet is 100% secure. The Alliance cannot guarantee the total security of information transmitted to us.USE OF SITES BY MINORSThe Alliance websites are directed only to individuals who are permitted to share their Personal Information without parental consent and we request that all other individuals (including individuals under the age of 13) not provide Personal Information through the websites. For the Privacy Policy concerning the Alliance’s youth website, visit http://www.energyhog.org/privacy.htm.By visiting our website you understand our privacy statement and limitations. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, please contact the Alliance by email at “alliancenews (at) ase.org” or by mail: Alliance to Save Energy, 1850 M St. NW, Suite 610, Washington, DC 20036 or by phone (202) 857-0666. Your use of this site is also governed by our Terms of Use. Last Updated September 18, 2018
Donate
To strengthen our programs
Take Action
on energy legislation
Join
To become a powerful ally
Sign Up
To receive news & events
The fundamental genius of the Alliance to Save Energy is seeing the relationship between energy efficiency and economic prosperity.
Susan Tierney, Senior Advisor,
Analysis Group