https://www.osi.ie/about/eprivacy-directive/
Menu
About
OSi Board of Directors
OSi Senior Management Team
Mandate and Strategy statement
OSi Customer Charter
Key Documents
Future Developments
Quality and Standards
History
OSi Positional Accuracy
Careers
Freedom of Information (FOI)
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ’s)
Role of GI in Business and Industry
Access to Information on the Environment
Legal
Open Data
Privacy Statement
Website Terms of Use
Tailte Éireann
FOI – Publication Scheme
FOI Disclosure Log
Products
Tourist & Leisure
Professional Mapping
Adventure Series
Services
GeoHive
Geodetic Services
MapGenie
Map Agents
Advisory Services
Copyright
Interactive Mapping Providers
Partners
Customer Service
National Mapping Agreement
Data Quality Policy and Submission form
Resources
Web Coordinate Converter
Creating Ireland in Minecraft
Large Scale legend
Capture Resolution Statement
Geodetic Services
Active GNSS Data
Passive GNSS Data
Downloads
Publications and Papers
Geodetic Publications
Price Lists
Licencing Information
OSi Products
Utilities Seminars
ISDI Metadata Profile
Migrating to ITM
Reference Information
Irish Grid Reference System
GNSS Reference Systems
Eurogeographics
Education
GIS Explained
Benefits of GIS
Uses of GIS
GIS Case Studies in the Private Sector
GIS Case Studies in the Public Sector
Reference Information
GNSS Reference Systems
Linked Data and Semantic Web Technologies
Schools
Primary Schools
Secondary Schools
Third Level and Academic
Scoilnet
Map Reading
How to Use a Map and Compass
How to Use Map Scales and Grids
Safety in the Outdoors
Maps and Heritage
R&D with OSi Data
MapGenie and 3rd Level
You are here: HomeAboutePrivacy Directive
This privacy statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with this website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites will be clearly identifiable as such.
By accessing and using this website, you agree and consent to the collection, use and
disclosure of your personal information as outlined in this privacy statement.
We may need to update this privacy statement from time to time so we recommend that you check you have read the most recent privacy statement each time you visit our website.
General Statement
Ordnance Survey Ireland (“OSi”) fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your clear knowledge and permission. Any personal information which you volunteer to OSi will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 and 2003. However the nature of the internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any personal information which is transmitted to us over the internet.
Collection and use of personal information
We will collect no personally identifying information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us. The information we collect depends on what you do when visiting our site.
If you visit our site to browse, read or download then we automatically collect and store the following non-personally identifying information about you:
the IP address from which you access our website (an IP address is the number automatically assigned to your computer when you are surfing the web);
the top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net);
the type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
the date and time of your access to our site;
the pages you visit; and
the previous website address from which you reached us, including any search terms used.
We use this information to help us make our website more useful to visitors, to learn about the number of visitors to our website and the type of technology which our visitors use. We may compile and report aggregate statistics about our users in terms of numbers, traffic patterns and related website information. Any such statistics will not include any personally identifying information.
We do not ordinarily track or record information about individuals on their visits. However, we may do so when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with this website’s terms of use, our terms and conditions of sale or to protect our service, this website or other users. In doing so, we may link the non-personally identifying information set out above with personally identifying information you voluntarily provide to use when using this website.
You may choose to provide us with personally identifying information in a written communication (email, fax, letter) to one of the addresses or fax numbers listed throughout our website. We use that 2 information only to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the material you have requested.
If you choose to register on this website in order to browse our interactive map viewer and/or to purchase goods and services on this website, we will use your name, registered user name, password and email address in order to process your registration and in order to provide registered user services to you such as the facility to view details of your existing orders and the storage of your shopping cart contents for subsequent visits by you. We may also use your email address to contact you if there is any issue in relation to your use of this website or your purchase of any goods or services on this website.
If you purchase products on this website, we will use the following details in order to process your order: your name, credit card type, full name as displayed on the credit card, credit card number and expiry date, billing address, delivery address (where products are to be physically delivered), email address (where products are to be delivered by email) and the products you require.
As mentioned above, we do not ordinarily track or record information about individuals on their visits to this website – however when you purchase goods and services on this website as a registered user our website is set up to store and remember certain details provided by you such as your shopping cart details, email address and postal address so as to make any subsequent purchase easier for you.
OSi will not sell or rent your personally identifying information to any third party for any purpose. Selected third parties are however sometimes used to provide OSi with support services in connection with this website and such parties may, from time to time, have access to your information to enable them to provide those services to OSi. All third parties providing such support services are required by OSi to meet the same standards of data protection as OSi and are prohibited from using the information for their own marketing purposes.
In certain special cases, we may disclose your personally identifying information in the following circumstances:
where we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to you, or who may be injuring or interfering with OSi’s rights, property or operations, other users of this website, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities; or
where we believe the law requires it, or in response to any lawful demand by law enforcement in connection with a criminal investigation, or by civil or administrative authorities in connection with a pending civil case or administrative investigation.
Cookies
This website uses cookies, so a cookie may be placed in your computer browser. Cookies are small text files which provide us with information about how often someone visits our site, and what they do during those visits. Our cookies also let you build a shopping order on our website and enable us to keep track of the items in your shopping order. Cookies do not themselves contain any personally identifying information but if you provide information to us, it may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
If you do not want your browser to accept cookies, you can turn off the cookie acceptance option in your browser settings. Disabling cookie support may prevent this website from functioning properly and you may not be able to utilise fully all of its features and information. If you continue without changing your settings, we’ll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the osi.ie website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time.
Submitting Your Credit Card Number
When you submit your credit card number to purchase products on this website, we offer the use of a secure server. If you choose to use the secure server, the secure server software (SSL) encrypts the credit card information you submit before it is sent to us. This helps ensure that the information is protected against unauthorised access.
Website Security
For website security purposes and to ensure that this website remains available to all users, our computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic in order to identify unauthorised attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage. Unauthorised attempts to upload information or change information on our website are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law.
Right of Access
You have the right, subject to certain exemptions, to obtain a copy of any personal data we hold about you and to correct any inaccuracies in such data. If you wish to avail of any of these rights, please contact us in writing: by email at custserv@osi.ie or by fax +353-1-820-4156 or by post at Ordnance Survey Ireland, Phoenix Park, Dublin 8, Ireland. Your request will be dealt with as soon as possible and will not take more than 40 days to process.
Links to Other Websites
This website may provide links to other OSi and third party websites as a service to our users. The privacy statement described here does not apply to those websites. Please ensure you check the terms and conditions and the legal and privacy statements posted on each website you link to.
About
OSi Board of Directors
OSi Senior Management Team
Mandate and Strategy statement
OSi Customer Charter
OSi Customer Service Action Plan 2019 – 2021
Key Documents
Annual Reports
Ireland GIS Economic Report
Codes of Conduct
Joint statement of OSi and PRA
OSi Payments
Prompt Payments
Future Developments
The National Map
INSPIRE Directive
Quality and Standards
History
Interior Survey
OSi Pioneers
OSi Positional Accuracy
Careers
Freedom of Information (FOI)
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ’s)
Role of GI in Business and Industry
Access to Information on the Environment
Legal
Open Data
Privacy Statement
ePrivacy Directive
Website Terms of Use
Tailte Éireann
FOI – Publication Scheme
FOI Disclosure Log
Home
About
News
Email Customer Service
Contact Us
Online Store
Blog
English
Gaeilge (Irish)
Review our Annual Reports.
OSi has a rich history.
We are committed to our customer needs.
Meet our Board of Directors.
Signup to our Newsletter
Tourist & Leisure
Professional Mapping
Adventure Series
All Products >
Geodetic Services
MapGenie
Advisory Services
Copyright
Interactive Mapping Providers
Partners
Map Agents
All Services >
Ordnance Survey Ireland
Phoenix Park,
Dublin 8.
Eircode D08 F6E4
Call: +353-1-802-5300
Mon-Fri 9am to 4.45pm
Email Customer Services
Data Quality Submission Form
Contact Us >
Back to Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Read More Accept Reject Privacy & Cookies Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled