http://www.cse.org.uk/terms-and-conditions
CSE
Energy Advice
Local Energy
Sign up to our newsletter
We are an independent national charity that shares
our knowledge and experience to help people
change the way they think and act on energy.
Home
News & viewsOur workAll our workHome energyLocal energyResearchPolicy analysisResourcesTopicsAbout usContact
NewsOur workMoreResourcesTopicsAbout usContact
Show search
Using this website
(December 2018)Who we areWe are the Centre for Sustainable Energy. Our address and registered office is St James Court, St James Parade, Bristol BS1 3HL. Our charitable purpose is to help people and organisations from the public, private and voluntary sectors meet the challenge of rising energy costs and climate change. We are registered charity 298740, and registered company 2219673.The legal bit ...These terms and conditions apply to your use and viewing of our website at www.cse.org.uk. Your use of our website indicates your acceptance of the terms and conditions set out below. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions you must not use this website.We may update and revise these terms and conditions at any time without notice. You are responsible for reviewing these terms on each occasion that you revisit our site and if you continue to use our site after changes are made you are deemed to have accepted them. Certain provisions of these terms and conditions may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of our site.Intellectual propertyThe design of this website and its content is © Centre for Sustainable Energy (CSE), all rights are reserved. Nothing in this website should be taken as conferring any licence or right to use any trademark displayed on this website without the prior written approval of the trademark owner.You may print off or download content as permitted under the fair dealing provisions of the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988 (as amended) (sections 28 to 30) for the purposes of viewing it on your computer, research for non-commercial purposes, private study, criticism, review and news reporting, provided that you do not alter it in any way and acknowledge us as the source of the content and the copyright owners. All other use or copying of any of the contents of this site, other than as expressly permitted by us or permitted by law, is prohibited. However, we like to share, so please get in touch if you wish to use or copy material from this site – we normally say yes!ContentWe endeavour to keep the information on – or available via – this website up to date, correct, not misleading and secure. However, it is possible that occasionally the information is out of date, incomplete, inaccurate or has been tampered with by third parties and we give no warranties, express or implied as to its integrity, completeness or accuracy.The website may provide links third-party websites or resources. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by CSE of the contents on such sites. As we have no control over such sites and resources, we cannot be held responsible for the content in any form whatsoever. Concerns regarding any external link should be directed to info@cse.org.uk.VirusesWe have made commercially reasonable efforts to check for viruses on our site or on sites which we link to, but we cannot be held liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by the use of our website.PrivacyCSE is committed to ensuring that all data gathered by this website is handled appropriately and securely. This section tells you what information we collect and what we use it for, how we store it, with whom we share it, and whether it may be transferred outside the European Economic Area. Please read the policy carefully, and if you don't agree with it, then please don't use this website.If you have any queries about the information we hold on you, or a complaint or an issue to raise on privacy, please write to us at the address above, call us on 0117 934 1400 or send us an email.In general, we will only collect the information we need to provide you with the service which you have requested. For example, if you subscribe to our e-news we only collect your email address in order to send you our monthly e-news and occasional updates such as job alerts.Where we ask for more information – for example on a couple of pages in the home energy advice section of the site – this is to help us give you the advice you have asked for, and you are free not to provide us with more information if you prefer.The information we hold is subject to the requirements of the Freedom of Information Act 2000 (FOIA) and may be disclosed under the FOIA.Email addresses submitted by signers-up to our enews are stored securely on a database on the Mailchimp website, which we use to distribute the e-news. If you wish to be removed from this database, you can unsubscribe by clicking on the link on the foot of the newsletter or other mailing.Other information is stored on the web server of 375, the creative agency who host this website, and also by us in a digital format and on paper at our offices. We view data security seriously and take appropriate technical and organisational measures against its unauthorised or unlawful processing and against its accidental loss, destruction or damage. CSE is registered with the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) (registration no.: Z7115671). We manage data in accordance with the eight principles of the Data Protection Act 1998.CSE’s website has an SSL (HTTPS) certificate to ensure that personal data collected via web forms is secured against interception by a third party.You have a statutory right to see a copy of the information we hold about you on payment of a fee – currently £10. Requests must be made in writing to the address above.Any other personal data we take will be maintained by CSE in accordance with law, and used for the purposes of contacting those people on the issues, such as energy advice, for which they signed up.Sharing dataCSE strictly respects the privacy of users of its websites. We do not disclose confidential information to any other person, except with express prior written consent.We will give third party suppliers who supply services to us (e.g. as part of hardware or software maintenance) or who process information on our behalf (such as a hosting company) incidental access to your information. We will disclose your information to enforcement authorities if asked to do so, or to a third party in the context of actual or threatened legal proceedings.Data protection legislation is harmonised throughout the European Economic Area (EEA), which comprises the EU member states, Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein. Countries outside the EEA do not generally have the same level of protection for personal information as those within.Because of the way the internet works, it is possible that information provided to us could be routed via countries outside the EEA. However this is not considered a ‘transfer’ under data protection legislation and unless you are from outside the EEA, we will not transfer any information we collect from you outside the EEA without your permission or as permitted by law.Further information about data protection issues including the Register of Data Controllers can be found at www.informationcommissioner.gov.uk.CookiesCookies are small text files that are stored on your computer’s hard drive by websites you visit in order to give you a better browsing experience and to collect non-personal data for statistical purposes.The cookies we use collect no personally identifiable information and are used only for the collection of data such as the number of visits to the website and which pages were viewed. We use Google Analytics and cPanel to collect and analyse site statistics, and our use of cookies meets the requirements of the 2011 EU privacy directive. Most browsers automatically accept cookies and you should be able to accept, delete or reject them if you wish by adjusting the settings on your browser. This will, however, affect your use of the areas of our site that use cookies.We do not use ’spyware’, that is web bugs or hidden identifiers or other similar devices to gain access to information, store hidden information or to trace your activities. For more information about cookies and instructions on how to adjust your browser settings to accept, delete or reject cookies, see the IAB website at www.allaboutcookies.org.Our full cookie policy can be downloaded here.Seperate from the website, we are certified by Cyber Essentials, the Government-backed and industry supported scheme to guide businesses in protecting themselves against cyber threats.GeneralIf any provision of these terms and conditions is held by any court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or part, the other provisions of these terms and conditions and the remainder of the affected provisions shall continue to be valid. Nothing in these terms and conditions shall exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury due to its negligence or for fraudulent misrepresentation.Your statutory rights are not affected by these terms of use. The failure to exercise or delay in exercising a right or remedy provided by these terms of use or by law does not constitute a waiver of other rights or remedies. These terms and the use of this website and its content shall be governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with English law, and you agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
SHARE
Save energy, save money
Energy advice for households
Find out more
Stay updated
Sign up to receive our fortnightly newsletter
More about us
Contact us
Jobs
Awards
Find us
St James Court,St James Parade,Bristol BS1 3LH
Get directions
Tel: 0117 934 1400
Follow us
Follow @cse_bristol
CSE on YouTube
© 2020 Centre for Sustainable Energy | Registered Charity 298740
Accessibility
Site map
Using this website
Site by 375
Stay up to date with our work - sign up for our fortnightly newsletter
Don't show me this again