http://www.jonesandstokes.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-information
A statement on social injustice. Click to read more.
Do not sell my personal information
Effective Date: December 31, 2019
Related Information:
ICF Global Data Privacy Program Overview
Privacy Statement
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Why ICF provides the “do not sell” link?
ICF provides the “Do Not Sell” link to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), California Civil Code Section 1798.100 et seq., effective January 1, 2020. The CCPA is a new data protection law that provides California residents with certain choices about their data, including the ability to tell companies not to “sell” their personal information. The link is there to inform you of this choice. Although the CCPA only provides these choices to California residents, ICF generally provides non-California residents with the same choices about their personal information. Please see our Privacy Statement for more details.
What happens when I tell ICF not to “sell” my personal information?
When you exercise your “Do Not Sell” choice, ICF will attempt to block further sharing with third-parties or any other entity that do not fall within the service provider exception or the consumer directed exception.
How do I exercise my “do not sell” right?
If you are a California resident and would like to opt out of this kind of sharing, please download, populate and email this  Data Subject Request Form to dataprotection@icf.com.
We may only comply with your request if we can verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm which personal information is involved with the request. We only will use personal information provided in your request to verify your identity and authority to implement your request. Please note that you do not have the right to opt out of our sharing your personal information with service providers, who are parties we engage to perform a function on our behalf and are contractually obligated to use the information only for that function.