http://www.cdfa.ca.gov/privacy.html
CDFA Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice & Policy
In compliance with the Government
Code section 11015.5, the California Department of Food
and Agriculture (CDFA) is making this Privacy Notice,
concerning personal information electronically collected
on the CDFA web site, available to the public.
The only personal information that is collected on
the CDFA web site is the Internet Protocol (IP) address
of any user visiting the site. The IP address is the
unique Internet Protocol address of the user. The IP
address will sometimes be masked by a proxy or other
such equipment that connects the user to the Internet
through the user's Internet Service Provider. Registration
of a user's IP address in the web log of the host
server is standard among all web servers. The CDFA may
use the IP address to monitor the usage of its web site.
Additionally, when a user accesses the CDFA website,
a session ID is stored in a cookie on the user's
PC. A cookie is simply a packet of information that
is stored on the user's computer. The session ID
stored in the cookie upon visiting the CDFA web site
is randomly generated and is not being used or redistributed
by the CDFA. The session ID does not contain any information
about the user and is merely a default functionality
of the CDFA web site software. The cookie may remain
stored on the user's hard drive until such time
as the user manually removes the cookie.
The CDFA does not electronically collect any other
personal information on the CDFA web site. The CDFA
does not distribute or sell electronically collected
personal information. The CDFA does not reuse the IP
address.
Any information acquired by CDFA is subject to the
limitations set forth in the Information Practices Act
of 1977 (Title 1.8 (commencing with Section 1798) of
Part 4 of Division 3 of the Civil Code). Electronically
collected personal information is exempt from requests
made pursuant to the California Public Records Act (Chapter
3.5 (commencing with Section 6250) of Division 7 of
Title 1).
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Notice,
please contact the General Counsel by writing to (or
calling):
California Department of Food and Agriculture
General Counsel
1220 N Street
Sacramento, CA 95814
(916) 654-0321
More Information
Contact Us
Find Subject (Index)
About CDFA/History
CDFA Kids Page
Español Index
Invasive Pests & Diseases
Programs & Services
State Board of Food & Agriculture
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program