http://www.scical.com/privacy-policy/
IN Cal: Calibration Records Login/Signup
Calibration
Records
Pipettes
Centrifuges
Thermal Cyclers
Biosafety Cabinets
Other Equipment
Scientific Calibration offers on site calibration, repair, and rental.
Scientific Calibration offers a full portfolio of pipette services, including calibration and repair. We are ISO 17025 accredited, and calibrations come with a certificate of calibration and repair that meets or exceeds GLP, GMP, ISO 9000, and CAP requirements.
Brands You Trust:
Validation
Installation Qualification (IQ)
Operational Qualification (OQ)
Performance Qualification (PQ)
With over 20 years of validation experience, we will service your equipment to the highest standards.
Brands You Trust:
Services
Asset Management
Equipment Appraisal
Equipment Liquidation
Repair & Restoration
Ultra-Low/Refrigeration
Chemicals
New Equipment
Gloves, Masks, Covers
Instruments
Laboratory Equipment
Laboratory Supplies
Safety Equipment
Supplies
Thomas Brand
Used Equipment
Contact Us
Location
Company Directory
0
Login
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Scientific Calibration, Inc. (a North Carolina corporation) uses and protects any information that you give Scientific Calibration, Inc. when using this website. Scientific Calibration, Inc. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. The information below lists all routes in which we collect and use your information.
In summary, you will see that we do not disclose information that we receive from you unless required or necessary; nor will we gather any personal details without your knowledge and consent.
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Controlling Your Personal Information
We may collect the following information:
Your name
Your contact information, including email address
Demographic information such as buyer preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with customer service. This information is used specifically for
Internal record keeping.
Improving our products and services.
Sending promotional materials regarding new products, special offers or other information for which you will have the ability to opt out.
Customizing the website according to your interests.
We will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your explicit permission or are required to do so by law. You may request details of personal information which we withhold by researching the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of this information, please write to 2518 Reliance Ave. Apex, NC 27539-6345. If you believe any of your personal information which we possess is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. All billing information is processed through Authorize.net, a secure, third party credit card processing company.
External links
External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of Scientific Calibration, Inc. Other websites are not governed by our privacy statement. You should exercise caution and review privacy statements for each website you visit. Use or reliance on any external links or the content thereon provided is at your own risk.
Trademarks
The trademarks, names, logos and service marks (collectively “trademarks”) displayed on this website are registered trademarks of Scientific Calibration, Inc. or its partners. Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting license to use any trademark without the prior written permission of Scientific Calibration, Inc. or its partners.
Conflict of Terms
If there is a conflict or contradiction between the provisions of these website terms and conditions and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices, the other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a particular section or module of the website shall prevail in respect of your use of the relevant section or module of the website.
Severability
Any provision of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices, which is or becomes unenforceable in any jurisdiction, whether due to being void, invalidity, illegality, unlawfulness or for any reason whatever, shall, in such jurisdiction only and only to the extent that it is so unenforceable, be treated as void and the remaining provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices shall remain in full force and effect.
General Terms and Conditions Applicable to Use of our Website
Terms
The web pages available at http://www.SciCal.com are owned and operated by Scientific Calibration, Inc. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law. Scientific Calibration, Inc. may revise these terms of use for its website at any time without notice.
By accessing http://www.SciCal.com, you warrant and represent to the website owner that you are legally entitled to its access as well as any information made available via the website.
Additionally, by accessing this website, you are agreeing to be bound by these website Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site.
Governing Law
Any claim relating to Scientific Calibration, Inc.’s website shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Accepted Payment Methods
We accept all major credit cards, including American Express, Visa, Mastercard and Discover.
Purchase orders are accepted for the following entities: colleges, universities, school systems, government organizations, local municipalities and verifiable corporations. If you are a new customer, please complete our Credit Application Form in addition to submitting a purchase order. Once credit applications have been verified and approved, purchase orders will be accepted. For both established and new customers, products will not be ordered or shipped until an official purchase order has been received.
Disclaimer of Liability
Scientific Calibration, Inc. shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your company), as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information contained on the website, your or your company’s personal information or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular, neither the website owner nor any third party or data or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any share price information or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon or occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.
Warranties
Scientific Calibration, Inc. makes no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding services or products advertised on the website, unless expressly written within a purchase agreement between Scientific Calibration, Inc. and the buyer.
Should a product under warranty need repair, shipping and all associated transportation costs are the full responsibility of the owner of that product. Warranties cover repair services, but are not responsible for the transportation to or from the site of repair.
Order Cancellation, Shipping, and Return Policy
Order Cancellation
Scientific Calibration, Inc. accepts order cancellations pending cancellation is received by customerservice@scical.com before the product ships. Order cancellations that are received after an order has shipped are subject to the return policy stated above.
Shipping Policy
Shipping costs are calculated based upon weight and value of individual items. Additional charges may be incurred due to hazardous or fragile nature of an item. Generally, products will be shipped via FedEx Ground or UPS; however, items weighing over 50lbs, having a hazardous nature or considered particularly fragile, are subject to additional charges and will be shipped through a third party freight provider. Shipments crossing international borders are subject to additional charges based on international freight regulations.
Return Policy
To return an item, please contact customer service at customerservice@scical.com or call 919.303.1212 within the first 48 hours of receipt of delivery; you will receive a Returned Goods Authorization number. Failure to contact Scientific Calibration, Inc. within the first 48 hours of receipt of goods will bar the customer from acquiring a Returned Goods Authorization number, and no returns will be accepted.
All returns require an RGA (see above), are subject to a 25% restocking fee, and will be subject to incur all shipping and packing charges outlined in the original purchase agreement as seen on the customer’s invoice. Hazardous materials, including all chemicals, are non-refundable. Pre-owned equipment is sold as is and does not include warranties or repair services unless otherwise stated in a purchase agreement explicitly signed by both parties.
Broken or damaged items must be reported to Scientific Calibration, Inc. through customerservice@scical.com within the first 48 hours of receipt of goods. All goods are considered received in good condition upon signature of delivery confirmation. Please inspect these items for freight damage prior to signing for delivery confirmation.
Scientific Calibration
USA Eastern+1 919 367 6754
Privacy Policy
Shipping and Returns
About Us
Vision & Values
Our History
Calibration
Process
Mail-In
On-site
Pick-up / Delivery
Industries
Pharmaceutical
Universities
Medical
Laboratories
Clinical
Chemical
Research
Veterinary
Cryogenics
Life Sciences
Account
Shopping Cart
Order History
Dashboard
Login
Subscribe Todayand save 10% on your next order
Certifications
ISO 17025:2005 Accredited
A2LA Certified
Thermo Certified
Corning Certified
Panasonic Certified
Sanyo Certified
True Certified
Veteran Owned Small Business
www.scical.com © 2014 Scientific Calibration, Inc.
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Calibration
Calibration
Records
Pipettes
Centrifuges
Thermal Cyclers
Biosafety Cabinets
Other Equipment
Validation
Validation
Installation Qualification (IQ)
Operational Qualification (OQ)
Performance Qualification (PQ)
Services
Services
Asset Management
Equipment Appraisal
Equipment Liquidation
Repair & Restoration
Ultra-Low/Refrigeration
Equipment
Pre-Owned
New
Thermo Scientific
Aurelia Gloves
Greiner Bio-One
Wheaton
Disposables
About Us
About Us
Vision & Values
History
Contact Us
Contact Us
Location
Company Directory
Shopping Cart
Account