http://www.awm-math.org/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy2019-08-05T01:42:00+00:00
Association for Women in Mathematics
Privacy StatementLast Updated on August 4, 2019
The AWM has a strong commitment to privacy, balanced by the recognition that we are a professional association. This statement discloses policies and procedures concerning information gathering and dissemination practices for https://awm-math.org/.
User Information
Users of this website may differ in their access or needs. We recommend you read this policy in its entirety to understand your and our responsibilities. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and administer our website.
The information in this statement is summarized into two broad headings: customer information and member information. Members who pay dues or register for events online should also read the customer information section. Our site uses Google Analytics for tracking.  It also uses cookies to track authenticated sessions such as when you log in to Join AWM or Renew Your Membership or Donate using a password. See the Cookie Information section below for more information about cookies.
Customer Information
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information and services. We collect customers’ contact information (e.g., name and email address) and financial information (e.g., account or credit card numbers). Financial information is used to bill the customer for services. Contact information from the order form is used to send information about the AWM. This contact information is also used to get in touch with customers when necessary. Customers may opt out of receiving future mailings; see the Choice/Opt Out section below.
Member Information
Members’ contact information is available through the Member Directory. You must log on as an AWM Member to access this directory. Members may opt out of receiving future mailings or being listed in the Member Directory; see the Choice/Opt Out section below.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We encrypt the transmission of sensitive information (such as credit card numbers) using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. An SSL certificate to HTTPS enable this website was obtained from Let’s Encrypt, a Certificate Authority.  When you go to any section of our website where you transmit sensitive information (such as the Join, Renew Your Membership or Donate sections) you will see a lock in the URL line, which indicates security; it you click on the lock you can see that encryption with a digital certificate keeps your information private and you can see the certificate.
Correct/Update
Members can change their address and related information at Renew Your Membership. Members can also send corrections to AWM by email or regular mail:
Association for Women in Mathematics
P.O. Box 40876
Providence, RI 02940
Choice/Opt Out
Our site provides you the opportunity to opt out of receiving communications from us and our partners when we request information about you. You can do this by sending email to awm@awm-math.org or by sending mail to the following postal address:
Association for Women in Mathematics
P.O. Box 40876
Providence, RI 02940
Links to Other Sites
This site contains links to other sites. The Association for Women in Mathematics is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each website that collects your personally identifiable information.
Cookie Information
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a simple text file stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Most websites use cookies to improve your experience by allowing the website to “remember” you, either for the duration of your visit (using a “session cookie”) or for repeat visits (using a “persistent cookie”). Cookies may be set by the website you are visiting (“first-party cookies”) or they may be set by other websites that run content on the page you are viewing (“third-party cookies”).
What do cookies do?
Cookies perform different functions, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, storing your preferences, and improving your experience of a website. Cookies make the interaction between you and the website faster and easier. If a website doesn’t use cookies, it will think you are a new visitor every time you move to a new page on the site. For example, even after you log in, the site won’t recognize you or be able to keep you logged in if you move to another page.
How does the Association for Women in Mathematics use cookies?
The Association for Women in Mathematics uses cookies to enhance and improve your experience. By continuing to browse our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Note that third parties (e.g., providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
Most internet browsers are initially set up to automatically accept cookies. You can change the settings to block cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent to your device. There are many ways to manage cookies. Help in turning off cookies can be found in your browser or mobile phone help files or at this website. If you disable the cookies we use, you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Online Surveys and Forms
Our forms may ask visitors for contact information (e.g., an email address) and demographic information (e.g., ZIP code, age, or income level). Responses are kept confidential and are not provided to third parties. We may use contact data from our forms to send you information about our association. You may opt out of receiving future mailings; see the Choice/Opt Out section above. Demographic and profile data may be collected on our site.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact the AWM Media Coordinator or call (401) 455-4042.