http://www.dieselnet.com/terms.html
Terms of Use: User Agreement
Acceptance of Terms
By using DieselNet.com (“Service”), you agree to be bound by
the terms of this User Agreement between yourself and Ecopoint Incorporated (“We”), who is the publisher and owner of DieselNet.
We reserve the right to change the terms of this Agreement or to modify any features of this Service from time to time. The provisions of this Agreement apply to both the free access and to the paid subscription part of the Service.
Some parts of the Service may be subject to additional posted conditions. Your use of the Service is subject to those conditions, which are incorporated into these Terms by reference.
Privacy
We protect your privacy, as explained in our Privacy Policy. You agree to the use of your personal data we obtain through your interaction with this Service in accordance with our privacy policies.
Copyrights
This Service (including text and graphics content) is protected by copyright under international copyright laws. We own a copyright in the original content of this Service, as well as in selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such content. Third party content providers may own the copyright in content original to them.
You may download material from this Service and make print copies for your own personal and/or professional use. You may also share the material with others, to the extent generally permitted under “fair dealing” or “fair use” clauses in international copyright laws. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, without our permission you may not reproduce, publish, distribute, capture into a database, create derivative works, or in any way exploit the content of this Service. In particular, you may not distribute any part of this Service over the internet, nor sell or offer it for sale.
Submitted Content
You may submit articles, papers and other content for publication, and certain interactive features of this Service may allow you to post content. By submitting your content, you give us the right to display such content on DieselNet.com and in other publications and to use such content for promotional and marketing purposes. Furthermore, you agree not to post or transmit any unlawful, libelous, obscene or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or violate any law.
Disclaimer
This Service is available “as is”. We make no warranties or representations that this Service will be accurate, comprehensive, uninterrupted or error-free. There may be omissions, inaccuracies, or delays in any information or materials available through this Service. We do not make any warranties, express or implied, including without limitation those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to this Service or any information or goods that are available or advertised or sold through this Service. We reserve the right to correct any errors or omissions in this Service.
This Site contains links to other internet sites (“Third Party Sites”). We are not responsible for the availability or content of Third Party Sites and will not be a party to, or in any way responsible for, any transaction concerning goods or services available from such Third Party Sites.
Although we take reasonable steps to prevent the introduction of computer viruses or other malware to this Service, we do not guarantee or warrant that materials that may be downloaded from this Service do not contain such destructive features. We are not liable for any damages or harm attributable to such features.
Limitation of Liability
Ecopoint Inc., its officers, directors, shareholders, affiliates, or agents are not liable for incidental, indirect, consequential, special, punitive, or exemplary damages of any kind, including lost revenues or profits, loss of business or loss of data, in any way related to this Service or for any claim, loss or injury based on errors, omissions, interruptions or other inaccuracies in this Service (including without limitation as a result of breach of any term of this Agreement). Any claim against us shall be limited to the amount you paid, if any, for use of this Service.
Governing Law
The terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Canada and the Province of Ontario.