https://www.capvac.com/legal-notice/
Your Trusted Partner for Scientific Vacuum 1-800-237-3933
Cart is Empty
Navigation
Pumps
Alcatel/Adixen
1004A
1004AC
1005
1005C
1005C1
1005SD
1008A
1008AC
1010
1010C1
All pumps...
Anest Iwata
ISP250
ISP500
ISP90
Becker
U 3.6
U 4.20
U 4.40
U 4.70
U 4.100
U 4.165
U 4.190
U 4.250
U 4.400
U 4.630
Busch
Mink MM1100-1144
Mink MM1200-1324
Mink MM1402-1502
Panda WV1000
R5 0010
R5 0012
R5 0016
R5 0021
R5 0025
R5 0040
All pumps...
Ebara
150X40
40x20
50X20
65X40
80X25
A07V
A10S
A10W
A150W
A25S
All pumps...
More manufacturers...
Edwards
DP40
DP80
E1M175
E1M18
E1M275
E1M40
E1M5
E1M8
E1M80
E2M0.7
All pumps...
Fisher Scientific
M12C
M16C
M2C
M4C
M6C
M8C
Galileo
D05
D08
D12
D18
D28
Kinney
KC15
KC5/KC8
KT 150
KT 300
KT 500
KT 850
KTC 55/60
KTC 90/112
Leybold
AR4-8
ARS16-25
CF16-25
CF4-8
CF40-65
CFS16-25
CFS40-65
D1.2E
D1.6B
D10E
All pumps...
Pfeiffer
DUO 1.6 & DUO 3.0
DUO1.5
DUO2.5
DUO5
DUO5C
Hena 100
Hena 200
Hena 25
Hena 300
Hena 40
All pumps...
Precision Scientific
D150
D25
D75
DD100
DD130
DD195
DD200
DD300
DD420
DD90
All pumps...
Rietschle
VGD 10/15
VCA/E 25
VCA/E 40
VCA/E 60
VCAH/EH 100
VC 50/75
VC 100
VC 150
VC 200
VC 202/303
All pumps...
Stokes
146H
148H-10
149H-11
212H-10
212H-11
212J
306/310
412H-10
412H-11
412J
All pumps...
Ulvac
DIS-250
DIS-500
DIS-90
Vacuubrand
MD 4
MD 4C
MD 4T
MD 8
ME 16
ME 16C
ME 2
ME 2C
ME 4
ME 4C
All pumps...
Varian/Agilent
300DS
600DS
DS102
DS202
DS302
DS402
DS42
DS602
MS40+
SD 1400
All pumps...
Welch
1373
1374
1375
1376
1376N
1376N CHEMSTAR
1380
1392
1395
1396
All pumps...
Fittings, Clamps & Adapters
KF10
KF16
KF25
KF40
Oil, Fluids & Greases
Hydrocarbon Fluids
Flushing Fluid
GS77
Inland 19
Inland 33
Inland 43
Inland 77
Inland TW
Invoil 20
R530
R540
Inert Fluids
Fomblin
Semi-Synthetic (Ultra) Fluids
Inland Ultra 19
Ultra 70
Synthetic Fluids
Inland 45
Inland 45Z
Valves & Measurement
Manual Isolation Valves
Manual Diaphragm Valves
Air Admittance Valves
Manual Ball Valves
Leak Valve
Solenoid Operated Valves
Pneumatically Operated Valves
Manual Inline Valve
Active Linear Convection Guages
Active Pirani Gauges
Pennin Gauge
Passive Pirani Gauge
Controllers and Cables
Passive Ion Gauge
System Ion L
Interlock Switch
Leak Detectors
WRG Wide Range Gauges
Active Thermocouple Gauge
CG16K_Capsule Dial Gauge
ADC Active Digital Controllers
Resources
Cross Reference Guides
Find a Schematic
Find a MSDS
Request a Manual
FAQ
Customer Service
Technical Support
Turbomolecular Pump Service
FAQ
Contact Us
Account
Sign in
Forgot password?
Register
Wish list
Quick reorder
Special
Gift certificates
Products Map
Featured Products
Help
About Us
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Legal Notice
Contact Us
Sitemap
Home  Legal Notice
Legal Notice
Capitol Vacuum Parts Legal notice
16 May 2018
We appreciate your interest in us.
Below you will find information of legal relevance when visiting this website. In addition, you will find our Privacy Policy, which explains what kind of information may be gathered and processed, and how we may use “cookies”. We thank you for reading the contents of this page, and, if you accept all terms and conditions, for visiting the website. By accessing or using the website, you accept all terms and conditions.
Capitol Vacuum and its subsidiaries are each responsible for its own business and products. In no event shall a legal entity within the Capitol Vacuum Parts be responsible or liable for the acts or omissions of another legal entity. By retrieving information through this website, or otherwise using the site, you accept that the responsibility and liability for a product, offer, or marketing information is limited only to the legal entity directly involved.
The information on the website may be changed without prior notification and without incurring any obligation or liability for us. The content of this website is provided as a convenience to visitors and constitutes non-binding information only. You are not authorized to set any links to the website without our prior written consent.
We will use reasonable efforts to include accurate information on our website. HOWEVER, WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION GIVEN. IN NO EVENT WILL WE ACCEPT ANY LIABILITY TO ANY PARTY FOR DAMAGES, WHETHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER FOR ANY USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEB SITE OR ITS CONTENTS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA ON YOUR INFORMATION HANDLING SYSTEM OR OTHERWISE. IT IS UP TO YOU TO TAKE ALL NECESSARY PRECAUTIONS AND TO ENSURE THAT WHATEVER YOU SELECT FOR YOUR USE IS FREE OF SUCH ITEMS AS VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES AND OTHER ITEMS OF DESTRUCTIVE NATURE. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS WHATSOEVER ABOUT ANY OTHER WEBSITE BELONGING TO A THIRD PARTY WHICH YOU MAY ACCESS THROUGH THIS WEB SITE.
Copyright, Trademarks, and other Intellectual Property Rights
The contents of the website, including but not limited to logos, trademarks, trade-names, text, images, graphics, sound, animation and video files, and their arrangement on the website are proprietary to us or one or more other Capitol Vacuum Parts entities or third parties and subject to intellectual property protection. No content of the website may be reproduced, copied, transferred, published, distributed, modified, reposted, or placed onto other websites or documents, without prior written authorization. All intellectual property rights contained in the website, including copyrights, trademarks, trade secret and patent rights, are reserved and any use without prior written authorization from the respective owner is strictly prohibited. Nothing contained on the website shall be construed as granting any express or implied license or right to use our or any other Capitol Vacuum Parts entity’s or third party’s intellectual property.
Privacy Policy
IP Addresses, Internet Browsers, Operating Systems, Domain Names:  When you enter our website, we may collect your computer’s IP address. The IP address does not identify you as an individual, but does identify your Internet service provider. Other non-personally identifiable information that we may collect include the type of Internet browser used, the type of computer operating system used, and the domain name of the website from which you visited our site. The information is aggregated to provide broad demographic information, such as the geographic location of visitors and how long they stay on our site. Collecting this type of information allows us to administer our site, diagnose server problems, analyze trends and statistics, and provide better customer service.
Cookies
When you visit our website, we may send “cookies” to your computer. A cookie is a small text file or piece of data that a website that you visit can place or save onto your computer. Cookies do not themselves contain any personally identifiable information. However, if you provide such personally identifiable information to us (such as by registering for an Internet related service or password provided by us), such information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. There are two types of cookies. The first type saves a file for a longer period of time onto your computer, and it can remain on your computer after you shut it off. Such cookie could, for example, be used to tell a visitor what information on the website has been updated since his or her last visit to that website. The second type of cookie is called “session cookie.” While you are visiting a website, session cookies are temporarily stored in your computer’s memory. This could be done, for example, to keep track of what language you have chosen at the website. Session cookies are not stored for a long period of time on your computer, since they disappear when you close your web browser. We may use third parties to assist us in collecting or processing information obtained through cookies.
We may use cookies for a number of reasons, such as:
to compile anonymous statistics related to patterns and trends of browsing;
to analyze sales data;
to conduct marketing research;
to user adapt website content or functions;
to provide assistance to, or track site visits of users, of certain Internet-based services;
to enable users with passwords to re-enter certain web pages without having to re-type previously typed information.
How To Avoid Cookies:
With most Internet browsers, you can set the browser to block cookies, erase cookies from your computer hard drive, or notify you that a web page contains cookies before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. Please note that some of our web pages may not work properly without the use of cookies.
Personal Information
This privacy notice explains how Capitol Vacuum Parts and its subsidiaries (“Capitol Vacuum Parts,” “we,” “us” and “our”) collect, use, and share personal information that you provide to us, or that we may otherwise obtain or generate, which relates to you (“Personal Information”). Capitol Vacuum Parts has implemented technical, administrative, and physical measures to safeguard any Personal Information that we may collect (see below).  As this Notice is intended to cover a variety of situations, there may be information contained in the Notice that does not apply to you. It is also clear that Capitol Vacuum Parts will always abide local laws and regulations and will refrain from the collection or use of Personal Information in a location where it is prohibited by law.
What personal information might Capitol Vacuum Parts collect?
“Personal Information” is information through which a natural person is identifiable or may be identified.  We may collect, use and process your Personal Information in order to provide you with services, products or information that you request.
We will not collect your Personal Information without your knowledge and permission, nor will we sell or rent any such data. In order to provide you with a specific product, service, or information or to process a transaction, we may request your personally identifiable information. This information may include: [SELECT THE APPLICABLE INFORMATION]
your name, including given, family, middle, and any suffix;
identification information, such as an identification number (in whole or in part), government-issued driver’s license, passport, or other document – collected if and to the extent allowed under applicable law;
emergency or work contact information, including telephone numbers, facsimile number, email address, pager number, mailing address, and work location;
job title, department and job function;
information about an individual’s employer, including company name, company location, and country of incorporation;
shipping address;
billing address;
e-mail address;
telephone numbers;
telefax numbers;
payment related information, including identification and bank account numbers;
Capitol Vacuum Parts network communications logs covering the use of company phones, computers, electronic communications (such as email), and other information and communication technology;
computer and facilities access and authentication information;
environmental, health and safety information.
How might Capitol Vacuum Parts use the Personal Information it collects?
Personal Information is only collected when necessary to provide a product, service, or information, process a transaction, or if you submit it to us for other purposes, for instance if applying for employment.
The collection of Personal Information will be transparent to you, and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to provide it. If you choose not to provide any of the Personal Information requested, Capitol Vacuum Parts may be unable to complete your transaction, or provide the information, services or products you have requested.
When collected, the Personal Information might be used for the following purposes:
Maintaining Enterprise Resource Planning (“ERP”) systems, workflow systems, and other information technology (“IT”) systems, including workflows to document Capitol Vacuum Parts participation in professional organizations and provision or receipt of business gifts and hospitality;
Vendor due diligence;
Managing physical and information security, including:
Access controls and security for computer and other systems;
Internet, intranet, e-mail, social media, and other electronic system access;
Virus, intrusion, and insider threat scanning and analysis;
Facility access and safety;
Disaster preparedness;
Responding to situations involving a risk of health or safety, including an emergency;
Backing up and recovering data;
Overseeing location tracking, duration, and other telematics of certain Capitol Vacuum Parts assets for management of services provided, security, safety and management of efficiency;
Managing import, export and other trade compliance controls, including authorizing applications and management, determining access to controlled technology and/or commodities, and screening sanctions and embargoes;
Administering of marketing, contracts, joint ventures, and other business efforts, including without limitation invoice and payment processing, project management, and customer surveys and promotions;
Designing, selling, producing and improving products;
Providing customer service and support;
Training and certification of customer, supplier, and vendor personnel;
Conducting supplier and vendor reviews and due diligence, including in risk assessments;
Developing and managing budget and financial planning and reporting;
Responding to questions or concerns submitted to Capitol Vacuum Parts;
Performing audits and compliance reviews to ensure compliance with applicable policy, regulation, and law;
Conducting internal and external investigations, including Legal, Global Ethics & Compliance, and International Trade Compliance reviews and any resulting disclosures to government agencies;
Evaluating and reporting conflicts of interest;
Addressing environmental, health, and safety issues, including injury and damage claims;
Prosecuting and defending claims in litigation, arbitration, administrative, or regulatory proceedings, including but not limited to pre-dispute activity, evidence collection, discovery;
Responding to law enforcement and other government inquiries;
Protecting intellectual property rights, including but not limited to patent filings;
Business planning, including planning for or executing mergers, acquisitions and divestitures;
As required or expressly authorized by applicable law or regulation.
This processing is:
Necessary for the performance of a contract or for the preparation of a contract
Necessary for compliance with a legal obligation
Necessary in order to protect the vital interests of you
Necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest
Necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interest
At times we may need to get your consent to allow us to use your Personal Information for one or more of the purposes set out above. You have various rights where we are processing your Personal Information on the basis of your consent. For example, we would like to send you information about other products of ours, which believe might be in your interest. If you don’t want to be on one of our mailing lists, you can choose to opt out at any time by following the “unsubscribe” instructions at the bottom of our promotional emails or you may click here.
We will not retain data longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations.
Who Personal Information may be shared with:
Because Capitol Vacuum Parts is a global company with locations in many different countries, we may transfer your Personal Information from one legal entity to another or from one country to another in order to accomplish the purposes listed above. We will transfer your Personal Information consistent with applicable legal requirements and only to the extent necessary for the purposes set out above.  Within the Capitol Vacuum Parts of companies, Personal Information is transferred subject to the same rules and levels of security. If required, data processing agreements will be in place to ensure the necessary level of protection.
Capitol Vacuum Parts relies on available legal mechanisms to enable the legal transfer of Personal Information across borders.  To the extent that Capitol Vacuum Parts relies on the standard contractual clauses (also called the model clauses) to authorize transfer, Capitol Vacuum Parts will comply with those requirements, including where there may be a conflict between those requirements and this Notice.
Capitol Vacuum Parts will not sell or otherwise share your Personal Information outside the Capitol Vacuum Parts of companies, except to:
service providers Capitol Vacuum Parts has retained to perform services on our behalf. Capitol Vacuum Parts will only share your Personal Information with service providers whom Capitol Vacuum Parts has contractually restricted from using or disclosing the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements;
comply with legal obligations, including but not limited to, in response to a legitimate legal request from law enforcement authorities or other government regulators;
investigate suspected or actual illegal activity;
prevent physical harm or financial loss; or
support the sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets (including through bankruptcy).
To Remove, Correct, Update or Access Your Personally Identifiable Information:
If you would like to remove, correct, update, or access your Personal Information that you have submitted to us, or if you have any related concerns, please contact us. If you contact us in this regard, please note the web page name or location where you submitted the information, as well as the contact information (for instance name, email address, postal address, etc.) that you provided at that time.
Security
Technical and administrative measures are implemented to help protect Personal Information and other data on our servers from unauthorized access, loss, or alteration. However, no server or transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be one hundred percent secure. Therefore, any activity or communication is conducted at your own risk.
Further information and complaints
For further information on the processing of Personal Information, please get in touch with our Group Privacy Officer privacy@capvac.com.
If we do not address any of your requests, or fail to provide you with a valid reason why we are unable to do so, you have the right to contact supervisory authority to make a complaint. You can find your local supervisory authority at following link http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
Links to third party websites
Some of our web pages may contain links to third party websites. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy policies, content, or practices of such other websites or their owners or operators.
Modification of Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time.
Find It Fast
Find Your Pump
Select one or all and click Search
Looking for yourpump manufacturer?
Shop By Manufacturer
Looking for turbomolecularpump service?
Visit our Service Site
Don't Forget Your Pump Oil
Shop Oils & Fluids
Help
About Us
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Legal Notice
Sitemap
Contact Us
Contact Us
1-800-237-3933
703-631-3933
703-631-3936
Location
Stay Connected
Stay Connected
Copyright © 1975-2020 Capitol Vacuum Parts.
Visa
Mastercard
American Express
teral}