http://www.revolve.com/termsofuse
Skip to Search
Skip to Main Content
12 DAYS OF REVOLVE: Join us today through 12/19 for new promos, giveaways, prizes + more!
VIEW DETAILS
DAY 3: Treat yourself to 20% OFF select styles from your fave brands - TODAY ONLY!
SHOP THE EDIT
VIEW DETAILS
Share Your Favorites to be entered to win a $2000 REVOLVE shopping credit!
SHARE NOW
VIEW TERMS
WANT IT ASAP? Get your holiday gifts now to avoid shipping delays! SHOP NOW
Previous Slide
Next Slide
Close Modal
Home
Terms of Use
REVOLVE GROUP, INC. Terms of Service
CUSTOMER CARE
Contact Us
Payment
Ordering
Shipping & Delivery
Returns
Size Guide
Gift REVOLVE
Why REVOLVE
Provide Feedback
The Style Experts
Live Support
Let's Chat
Chat with a live Customer Service Representative. Link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as Revolve. Call 1-888-442-5830
or email us at sales@revolve.com for any further assistance.
Unavailable
(ENGLISH ONLY)
By phone
USA: 1-888-442-5830
INTL: +1-562-926-5672
By email
sales@revolve.com
View International Email List
CUSTOMER CARE EMAIL
Email us anytime and we will get back to you within 24 hours
English
sales@revolve.com
Spanish
servicioalcliente@REVOLVEclothing.com
French
serviceclient@REVOLVEclothing.com
Korean
KRservice@revolveclothing.com
Chinese
sales.zh@revolve.com
Portuguese
sales@revolve.com
Russian
sales.ru@revolve.com
Japanese
jpservice@revolveclothing.com
Last Updated: November 14, 2019
Welcome, and thank you for your interest in, Revolve Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Eminent, Inc., doing business as Revolve Clothing, Forward by Elyse Walker, LLC, and Alliance Apparel Group, Inc. (“Company”, “we”, or “us”) and our websites at
www.revolve.com, www.fwrd.com, www.superdown.com, www.loversandfriends.us, www.shop.songofstyle.com, www.mymy.my, www.lpathelabel.com, www.tularosa.com along with our related websites, networks, applications, mobile applications, and other services provided by us (collectively, the “Service”). Please read the Privacy Policy for information regarding how we collect, use and disclose your personal information. The Terms of Service (“Terms”) included below are a legally binding contract between you and Company regarding your use of the Service.
Please read the following terms carefully.
Arbitration Notice. Except for certain kinds of disputes described in Section 18, you agree that disputes arising under these Terms, including any claims arising from or related to your use of the Service, will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration, and by accepting these terms, you and company are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in any class action or representative proceeding. You agree to give up your right to go to court to assert or defend your rights under this contract (except for matters that may be taken to small claims court). Your rights will be determined by a neutral arbitrator and not a judge or jury. (See Section 19.)
Service Overview. We are a collection of fashion e-commerce companies that showcase hundreds of top brands and the latest trends.
Eligibility. You must be at least 18 years old to use the Service. By agreeing to these Terms, you represent and warrant to us that: (a) you are at least 18 years old; (b) you have not previously been suspended or removed from the Service; and (c) your registration and your use of the Service is in compliance with any and all applicable laws and regulations. If you are an entity, organization, or company, the individual accepting these Terms on your behalf represents and warrants that they have authority to bind you to these Terms and you agree to be bound by these Terms.
Accounts and Registration. To access some features of the Service, you must register for an account (“Account”). When you register for an Account, you may be required to provide us with some information about yourself, such as your name, address, email address, billing information or other contact information. You agree that the information you provide to us is accurate and that you will keep it accurate and up-to-date at all times. When you register, you will be asked to provide a password. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and you accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your Account. If you believe that your Account is no longer secure, then you must immediately notify us by contacting customer service at sales@revolve.com.
General Payment Terms. Before you pay any fees for items you’d like to purchase (“Products”), you will have an opportunity to review and accept the fees that you will be charged.
Price. Company reserves the right to determine pricing for Products. Company will make reasonable efforts to keep pricing information published on the website up to date. We encourage you to check our website periodically for current pricing information. Company may change the fees for any Product at any time. Company, at its sole discretion, may make promotional offers with different features and different pricing to any of Company's customers. These promotional offers, unless made to you, will not apply to your offer or these Terms.
Shipping Charges; Shipping Restrictions. We will list shipping charges for your order upon checkout, and you must pay all shipping charges for the location of the address you provide. Please note that international packages may be subject to duties and taxes. You must also pay all tariff, import, customs, tax, and other charges applicable in your jurisdiction. The limits for duty-free packages are established by your local customs authorities. Please check your local customs website for more information. Due to restrictions from our financial partners or restrictions by law, Company does not ship to the following locations: Belarus, Burma, Congo, Cote d'Ivoire, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Liberia, Libya, North Korea, Somalia, Sudan/South Sudan, Syrian Arab Republic, Yemen, and Zimbabwe.
Delivery. Company will attempt in good faith to deliver your items in accordance with your order, but Company will not be responsible or liable for any delays or failure in such delivery. Company expressly reserves the right to effect delivery of any order in any number of separate shipments, and the modes of transport and carriers will be decided at Company's discretion. Your order will be delivered to the delivery address you specify when placing your order. If your delivery address is geographically remote or otherwise difficult to deliver to, it is possible that we may not be able to deliver there.
Company will not be responsible or liable for any delay or failure to deliver due to any cause which is unavoidable or beyond Company's reasonable control. In such cases, Company will have the right, at its option, without penalty or any liability for breach, to terminate all or any part of any order or to reschedule delivery within a reasonable time.
Authorization. You authorize Company to charge all sums for the orders that you make, including all applicable taxes, to the payment method specified in your account. If you pay any fees with a credit card, Company may seek pre-authorization of your credit card account prior to your purchase to verify that the credit card is valid and has the necessary funds or credit available to cover your purchase. If your order is placed on hold, we will reach out to you to ensure that the delays are minimal.
Payment Processing. Company has partnered with certain third party payment processors to process payments you make via the Service. Third-party payment processor With Reach (formerly GoInterpay) facilitates and processes some of the Company's international orders. By choosing to place your order to be shipped outside the United States, you agree to With Reach’s terms and conditions which may be found at: https://withreach.com/terms-of-service.html
Delinquent Accounts. Company may suspend or terminate access to the Service for any account for which any amount is due but unpaid. In addition to the amount due for Products, a delinquent account will be charged with fees or charges that are incidental to any chargeback or collection of any the unpaid amount, including collection fees.
Refunds and Exchanges. Products purchased from Company are subject to the following
Return Policy.
Limited Warranty. Company only carries merchandise that is purchased directly from the brands themselves. Please be aware that even such products are not entirely free of workmanship errors, including occasional missing threads and similar defects. Products subject to distressing as part of the styling are also subject to increased chance of defect and do tend to wear out faster than normal.
Many products, particularly those with distressed styling, do wear out or develop holes with regular wear-and-tear over time. Company warranties all products to be free of such problems for the first 90 days from the date of purchase, and will replace or refund your purchase in the event such a problem occurs.
After 90 days, we may, but are not obligated to, attempt to assist with repairs, including providing replacement hardware such as lost buttons or broken snaps to the extent these items or repair services are available from the designer, but we will not provide a complete replacement or refund after 90 days unless the brand is willing to replace or reimburse the product at that time.
Licenses.
Limited License. Subject to your complete and ongoing compliance with these Terms, Company grants you, solely for your personal, non-commercial use, a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to: (a) install and use one object code copy of any mobile application associated with the Service obtained from a legitimate marketplace (whether installed by you or pre-installed on your mobile device by the device manufacturer) on a mobile device that you own or control; and (b) access and use the Service.
License Restrictions. Except and solely to the extent such a restriction is impermissible under applicable law, you may not: (a) reproduce, distribute, publicly display, or publicly perform the Service; (b) make modifications to the Service; or (c) interfere with or circumvent any feature of the Service, including any security or access control mechanism. If you are prohibited under applicable law from using the Service, you may not use it.
Feedback. If you choose to provide input and suggestions regarding problems with or proposed modifications or improvements to the Service (“Feedback”), then you hereby grant Company an unrestricted, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, fully-paid, royalty-free right to exploit the Feedback in any manner and for any purpose, including to improve the Service and create other products and services.
Ownership; Proprietary Rights. The Service is owned and operated by Company. The visual interfaces, graphics, design, compilation, information, data, computer code (including source code or object code), products, software, services, and all other elements of the Service (“Materials”) provided by Company are protected by intellectual property and other laws. All Materials included in the Service are the property of Company or its third party licensors. Except as expressly authorized by Company, you may not make use of the Materials. Company reserves all rights to the Materials not granted expressly in these Terms.
Third Party Terms
Third Party Services and Linked Websites.Company may provide tools through the Service that enable you to export information, including User Content, to third party services, including through features that allow you to link your account on Company with an account on the third party service, such as Pinterest, Twitter or Facebook, or through our implementation of third party buttons (such as “like” or “share” buttons). By using one of these tools, you agree that Company may transfer that information to the applicable third party service. Third party services are not under Company's control, and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, Company is not responsible for any third party service’s use of your exported information. The Service may also contain links to third party websites. Linked websites are not under Company's control, and Company is not responsible for their content.
Third Party Software.
The Service may include or incorporate third party software components that are generally available free of charge under licenses granting recipients broad rights to copy, modify, and distribute those components (“Third Party Components”). Although the Service is provided to you subject to these Terms, nothing in these Terms prevents, restricts, or is intended to prevent or restrict you from obtaining Third Party Components under the applicable third party licenses or to limit your use of Third Party Components under those third party licenses.
User Content
User Content Generally. Certain features of the Service may permit users to upload content to the Service, including messages, reviews, photos, video, images, folders, data, text, and other types of works (“User Content”) and to publish User Content on the Service. You retain any copyright and other proprietary rights that you may hold in the User Content that you post to the Service.
Limited License Grant to Company. By providing User Content to or via the Service, or by submitting any User Content to any social media platform using a Company-branded hashtag, you grant Company a worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, transferable, royalty-free, fully paid right and license (with the right to sublicense) to host, store, transfer, display, perform, reproduce, modify for the purpose of formatting for display, and distribute your User Content, in whole or in part, in any media formats and through any media channels now known or hereafter developed.
Limited License Grant to Other Users. By providing User Content to or via the Service to other users of the Service, you grant those users a non-exclusive license to access and use that User Content as permitted by these Terms and the functionality of the Service.
User Content Representations and Warranties. Company disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Content. You are solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences of providing User Content via the Service. By providing User Content via the Service, you affirm, represent, and warrant that:
you are the creator and owner of the User Content, or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to authorize Company and users of the Service to use and distribute your User Content as necessary to exercise the licenses granted by you in this Section, in the manner contemplated by Company, the Service, and these Terms;
your User Content, and the use of your User Content as contemplated by these Terms, does not and will not: (i) infringe, violate, or misappropriate any third party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; (ii) slander, defame, libel, or invade the right of privacy, publicity or other property rights of any other person; or (iii) cause Company to violate any law or regulation or otherwise cause liability for Company; and
your User Content could not be deemed by a reasonable person to be objectionable, profane, indecent, pornographic, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, hateful, or otherwise inappropriate.
User Content Disclaimer. We are under no obligation to edit or control User Content that you or other users post or publish, and will not be in any way responsible or liable for User Content. Company may, however, at any time and without prior notice, screen, remove, edit, or block any User Content that in our sole judgment violates these Terms or is otherwise objectionable. You understand that when using the Service you will be exposed to User Content from a variety of sources and acknowledge that User Content may be inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable. You agree to waive, and do waive, any legal or equitable right or remedy you have or may have against Company with respect to User Content. If notified by a user or content owner that User Content allegedly does not conform to these Terms, we may investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove the User Content, which we reserve the right to do at any time and without notice. For clarity, Company does not permit copyright-infringing activities on the Service.
Monitoring Content. Company does not control and does not have any obligation to monitor: (a) User Content; (b) any content made available by third parties; or (c) the use of the Service by its users. You acknowledge and agree that Company reserves the right to, and may from time to time, monitor any and all information transmitted or received through the Service for operational and other purposes. If at any time Company chooses to monitor the content, Company still assumes no responsibility or liability for content or any loss or damage incurred as a result of the use of content. During monitoring, information may be examined, recorded, copied, and used in accordance with our
Privacy Policy.
Prohibited Conduct. by using the service you agree not to:
use the Service for any illegal purpose or in violation of any local, state, national, or international law;
harass, threaten, demean, embarrass, or otherwise harm any other user of the Service;
violate, or encourage others to violate, any right of a third party, including by infringing or misappropriating any third party intellectual property right;
interfere with security-related features of the Service, including by: (i) disabling or circumventing features that prevent or limit use or copying of any content; or (ii) reverse engineering or otherwise attempting to discover the source code of any portion of the Service except to the extent that the activity is expressly permitted by applicable law;
interfere with the operation of the Service or any user’s enjoyment of the Service, including by: (i) uploading or otherwise disseminating any virus, adware, spyware, worm, or other malicious code; (ii) making any unsolicited offer or advertisement to another user of the Service; (iii) collecting personal information about another user or third party without consent; or (iv) interfering with or disrupting any network, equipment, or server connected to or used to provide the Service;
perform any fraudulent activity including impersonating any person or entity, claiming a false affiliation, accessing any other Service account without permission, or falsifying your age or date of birth;
sell or otherwise transfer the access granted under these Terms or any Materials (as defined in Section 8) or any right or ability to view, access, or use any Materials; or
attempt to do any of the acts described in this Section 11 or assist or permit any person in engaging in any of the acts described in this Section 11.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
DMCA Notification. We comply with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act applicable to Internet service providers (17 U.S.C. §512, as amended). If you have an intellectual property rights-related complaint about material posted on the Service, you may contact our Designated Agent at the following address:
Revolve Group, Inc.
ATTN: Legal Department (Copyright Notification)
12889 Moore Street, Cerritos, CA 90703
Email: legal@revolve.com
Any notice alleging that materials hosted by or distributed through the Service infringe intellectual property rights must comply include the following information:
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other right being infringed;
a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
a description of the material that you claim is infringing and where it is located on the Service;
your address, telephone number, and email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use of the materials on the Service of which you are complaining is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement by you that the above information in your notice is accurate and that, under penalty of perjury, you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf.
Repeat Infringers. Company will promptly terminate the accounts of users that are determined by Company to be repeat infringers.
Modification of these Terms. We reserve the right to change these Terms on a going-forward basis at any time upon 7 days’ notice. Please check these Terms periodically for changes. If a change to these Terms materially modifies your rights or obligations, we may require that you accept the modified Terms in order to continue to use the Service. Material modifications are effective upon your acceptance of the modified Terms. Immaterial modifications are effective upon publication. Except as expressly permitted in this Section 13, these Terms may be amended only by a written agreement signed by authorized representatives of the parties to these Terms. Disputes arising under these Terms will be resolved in accordance with the version of these Terms that was in effect at the time the dispute arose. Unless material changes are made to the arbitration provision under Section 19, you agree that modification of these Terms does not create a new right to opt out of arbitration.
Term, Termination and Modification of the Service
Term. These Terms are effective beginning when you accept the Terms or first download, install, access, or use the Service, and ending when terminated as described in Section 14.2.
Termination. If you violate any provision of these Terms, your authorization to access the Service and these Terms automatically terminate. In addition, Company may, at its sole discretion, terminate these Terms or your account on the Service, or suspend or terminate your access to the Service, at any time for any reason or no reason, with or without notice. You may terminate your account and these Terms at any time by sending an email to sales@revolve.com.
Effect of Termination. Upon termination of these Terms: (a) your license rights will terminate and you must immediately cease all use of the Service; (b) you will no longer be authorized to access your account or the Service; (c) you must pay Company any unpaid amount that was due prior to termination; and (d) all payment obligations accrued prior to termination and Sections 7.3, 8, 10, 14.3, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 and 20 will survive.
Modification of the Service. Company reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service at any time (including by limiting or discontinuing certain Products or features of the Service), temporarily or permanently, without notice to you. Company will have no liability for any change to Product offerings or the Service or any suspension or termination of your access to or use of the Service.
Indemnity. To the fullest extent permitted by law, you are responsible for your use of the Service and Products, and you will defend and indemnify Company and its officers, directors, employees, consultants, affiliates, subsidiaries and agents (together, the “Company Entities”) from and against every claim brought by a third party, and any related liability, damage, loss, and expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out of or connected with: (a) your unauthorized use of, or misuse of, the Service; (b) your violation of any portion of these Terms, any representation, warranty, or agreement referenced in these Terms, or any applicable law or regulation; (c) your violation of any third party right, including any intellectual property right or publicity, confidentiality, other property, or privacy right; or (d) any dispute or issue between you and any third party. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you (without limiting your indemnification obligations with respect to that matter), and in that case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of those claims.
Disclaimers; No Warranties
Except as provided for in these terms, the service, products, and all materials and content available through the service are provided “as is” and on an “as available” basis. to the extent permitted by law, Company disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, relating to the service, products, and all materials and content available through the service, including: (a) any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, quiet enjoyment, or non-infringement; and (b) any warranty arising out of course of dealing, usage, or trade. Company does not warrant that the service or any portion of the service, or any materials or content offered through the service, will be uninterrupted, secure, or free of errors, viruses, or other harmful components, and Company does not warrant that any of those issues will be corrected.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from the service or Company entities or any materials or content available through the service will create any warranty regarding any of the Company entities, products, or the service that is not expressly stated in these terms. we are not responsible for any damage that may result from the service, products, and your dealing with any other service user. you understand and agree that you use any portion of the service and products at your own discretion and risk, and that we are not responsible for any damage to your property (including your computer system or mobile device used in connection with the service) or any loss of data, including user content.
The limitations, exclusions and disclaimers in this section apply to the fullest extent permitted by law. Company does not disclaim any warranty or other right that Company is prohibited from disclaiming under applicable law.
Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law, in no event will the Company entities be liable to you for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages (including damages for loss of profits, goodwill, or any other intangible loss) arising out of or relating to your access to or use of, or your inability to access or use, the service or any materials or content on the service (including claims related to our
Privacy Policy
or other privacy or data security claims), whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), statute, or any other legal theory, and whether or not any Company entity has been informed of the possibility of damage.
Except as provided in section 19.4 and to the fullest extent permitted by law, the aggregate liability of the Company entities to you for all claims arising out of or relating to the use of or any inability to use any portion of the service, products, or otherwise under these terms or your use of the service (including claims related to our
Privacy Policy
or other privacy or data security claims), whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, is limited to the greater of: (a) the amount you have paid to Company for products or access to and use of the service in the 1 month prior to the event or circumstance giving rise to claim; or (b) $100.
Each provision of these terms that provides for a limitation of liability, disclaimer of warranties, or exclusion of damages is intended to and does allocate the risks between the parties under these terms. this allocation is an essential element of the basis of the bargain between the parties. each of these provisions is severable and independent of all other provisions of these terms. the limitations in this section 17 will apply even if any limited remedy fails of its essential purpose.
Notice to New Jersey Residents. No provisions in these Terms should be construed to waive any or disclaim any established legal right of a consumer or any legal responsibility of Company owed to consumers. All provisions of these Terms, including exculpatory provisions disclaiming liability for damages, including indirect, incidental, punitive, exemplary, special or consequential damages, are disclaimed with respect to New Jersey consumers only to the fullest extent permitted by New Jersey law and in no event shall the waivers, disclaimers, or limitations on Company's liability exceed the limits allowable under the laws of the State of New Jersey. The risk of loss and title for items purchased by you pass to you upon our delivery of the items to the carrier.
Dispute Resolution and Arbitration
Generally. In the interest of resolving disputes between you and Company in the most expedient and cost effective manner, and except as described in Section 19.2 or to the extent prohibited by applicable law, you and Company agree that every dispute arising in connection with your use of the Service or these Terms, including claims related to our Privacy Policy or other privacy and data security claims, ("Disputes") will be resolved by binding arbitration. Arbitration is less formal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, may allow for more limited discovery than in court, and can be subject to very limited review by courts. Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. This agreement to arbitrate Disputes includes all claims, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and regardless of whether a claim arises during or after the termination of these Terms. you understand and agree that, by entering into these terms, you and Company are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action.
Exceptions; Opt-Out. Despite the provisions of Section 19.1, nothing in these Terms will be deemed to waive, preclude, or otherwise limit the right of either party to: (a) bring an individual action in small claims court; (b) pursue an enforcement action through the applicable federal, state, or local agency if that action is available; (c) seek injunctive relief in a court of law in aid of arbitration; or (d) to file suit in a court of law to address an intellectual property infringement claim. In addition, you may opt out of the provisions of this Section 19 by sending to Company, within 30 days after the date that you agree to these Terms, a written opt-out notice that specifies: your full legal name, the email address associated with your account on the Service, your postal mailing address, the date that you agreed to the Terms, and a statement that you are opting out of the arbitration provision of the Terms (“Opt-out Notice”). To be valid, Opt-out Notices must be mailed to Revolve Group, Attention: Legal Department – Arbitration Opt-Out, 12889 Moore Street, Cerritos, CA 90703, and the date of mailing must be within 30 days after the date that you agreed to the Terms (as confirmed by Company's records).
Arbitrator. Any arbitration between you and Company will be settled under the Federal Arbitration Act and administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (collectively, “AAA Rules”) as modified by these Terms. The AAA Rules and filing forms are available online at www.adr.org, by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879, or by contacting Company. The arbitrator has exclusive authority to resolve any Dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, or enforceability of this binding arbitration agreement.
Notice of Arbitration; Process. A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send a written notice of the Dispute to the other party by certified U.S. Mail or by Federal Express (signature required) or, only if that other party has not provided a current physical address, then by electronic mail (“Notice of Arbitration”). Company's address for Notice is: Revolve Group, ATTN: Legal Department, 12889 Moore Street, Cerritos, CA 90703. The Notice of Arbitration must: (a) describe the nature and basis of the Dispute; and (b) set forth the specific relief sought (“Demand”). The parties will make good faith efforts to resolve the claim directly, but if the parties do not reach an agreement to do so within 30 days after the Notice of Arbitration is received, you or Company may commence an arbitration proceeding. All arbitration proceedings between the parties will be confidential unless otherwise agreed by the parties in writing. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by you or Company must not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator makes a final decision and award, if any. If the arbitrator awards you an amount higher than the last written settlement amount offered by Company in settlement of the Dispute prior to the award, Company will pay to you the higher of: (i) the amount awarded by the arbitrator; or (ii) $10,000.
Fees. If you commence arbitration in accordance with these Terms, Company will reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for more than $10,000, in which case the payment of any fees will be decided by the AAA Rules. Any arbitration hearing will take place at a location to be agreed upon in Los Angeles County, California but if the claim is for $10,000 or less, you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted: (a) solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator; (b) through a non-appearance based telephone hearing; or (c) by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules in the county (or parish) of your billing address. If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. In that case, you agree to reimburse Company for all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator must issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and award, if any, are based. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve Disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees or expenses at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator’s ruling on the merits.
No Class Actions. You and Company agree that each may bring claims against the other only in your or its individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. Further, unless both you and Company agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
Modifications to this Arbitration Provision. If Company makes any future change to this arbitration provision, other than a change to Company's address for Notice of Arbitration, you may reject the change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to Company's address for Notice of Arbitration, in which case your access to the Services will be immediately terminated and this arbitration provision, as in effect immediately prior to the changes you rejected will survive.
Enforceability. If Section 19.6 is found to be unenforceable or if the entirety of this Section 19 is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Section 19 will be null and void and, in that case, the parties agree that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue described in Section 20.2 will govern any action arising out of or related to these Terms.
Miscellaneous
General Terms. These Terms and any other agreements expressly incorporated by reference into these Terms, are the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between you and Company regarding your use of the Service and purchase of Products. You may not assign or transfer these Terms or your rights under these Terms, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent. We may assign these Terms at any time without notice or consent. The failure to require performance of any provision will not affect our right to require performance at any other time after that, nor will a waiver by us of any breach or default of these Terms, or any provision of these Terms, be a waiver of any subsequent breach or default or a waiver of the provision itself. Use of section headers in these Terms is for convenience only and will not have any impact on the interpretation of any provision. Throughout these Terms the use of the word “including” means “including but not limited to”. If any part of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the unenforceable part will be given effect to the greatest extent possible, and the remaining parts will remain in full force and effect.
Governing Law. These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to conflict of law principles. You and Company submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts and federal courts located within Los Angeles County, California for resolution of any lawsuit or court proceeding permitted under these Terms. We operate the Service from our offices in California, and we make no representation that Materials included in the Service are appropriate or available for use in other locations.
Additional Terms. Your use of the Service and Products is subject to all additional terms, policies, rules, or guidelines applicable to the Service or certain features of the Service that we may post on or link to from the Service (the “Additional Terms”). All Additional Terms are incorporated by this reference into, and made a part of, these Terms.
Electronic Communications. You agree that communications and transactions between us may be conducted electronically.
Contact Information. The Service is offered by Revolve Group, located at 12889 Moore Street, Cerritos, CA 90703, ATTN. Legal Department. You may contact us by sending correspondence to that address or by emailing us at sales@revolve.com.
Notice to California Residents. If you are a California resident, under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 in order to resolve a complaint regarding the Service or to receive further information regarding use of the Service.
No Support. We are under no obligation to provide support for the Service. In instances where we may offer support, the support will be subject to published policies.
International Use. Company is based in the United States. We make no representation that the Service is appropriate or available for use in all jurisdictions. Access to the Service from countries or territories or by individuals where such access is illegal is prohibited. Occasionally a vendor requests that Company restrict the sale of their brand or products to certain countries. Though Company prefers not to limit the brands and products that Company sells, Company must honor its vendor’s wishes. However, Company continually reviews such restrictions with its vendors to see if any changes can be made. You will be alerted at checkout if an item in your cart is restricted from shipping to your country. If you put a restricted item in your cart, you will not be able to check out until that item is removed from your cart or you change your shipping address.
Notice Regarding Apple. This Section 21 only applies to the extent you are using our mobile application on an iOS device. You acknowledge that these Terms are between you and Company only, not with Apple Inc. (“Apple”), and Apple is not responsible for the Service or the content thereof. Apple has no obligation to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Service. If the Service fails to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple and Apple will refund any applicable purchase price for the mobile application to you; and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple has no other warranty obligation with respect to the Service. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the Service or your possession and/or use of the Service, including: (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that the Service fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; or (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any third party claim that the Service and/or your possession and use of the Service infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights. You agree to comply with any applicable third party terms when using the Service. Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms, and upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third party beneficiary of these Terms. You hereby represent and warrant that: (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
crawler discovery