http://www.nmpma.org/privacy-policy/
Bugstore
Career Center
Directory
PPMA
Quality Pro
Foundation
About the Foundation
PMF Board of Trustees
PMF Annual Report
PMF Strategic Plan
Pest Management Foundation Research Updates
PMF Student Scholarship
PestWorld.org
Log-In/Members Only
Toggle navigation
About NPMA
About Us
Association Partners
Board of Directors
Committees & Interest Groups
Diversity and Inclusion
Support NPMA's Initiatives
Bylaws
Financial Information
Executive Leadership Program
NPMA 2019 Annual Report
NPMA 2018 Annual Report
NPMA Gives
Past Presidents
Honorary & Lifetime Members
NPMA Staff
Member Center
Coronavirus Update
Join Today
On Demand
Popular Benefits
Award Programs
My NPMA
Update Your Profile
MentorMatch
Frequently Asked Questions
Education & Events
Upcoming Events
Conference Proceedings
Industry Calendar of Events
Registration FAQ's
Resource Center
Resource Center Overview
Online Training Resources
Technical Resources
Business Resources
Safety/OSHA Resources Toolbox
Print Publications
NPMA Field Guide Pro
Public Policy
Overview
Federal Advocacy
State Advocacy
Take Action
NPMA PestPac
Useful Links
Media Center
about npma
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The National Pest Management Association (NPMA) is committed to protecting the privacy of our customer's personal information. This Policy explains how we gather and use the information that we collect from the NPMA Web site, located at www.npmapestworld.org. This policy may change over time. Amendments to this statement will be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted. Your continued use of this site following the posting of any amendment, modification or change shall constitute your acceptance thereof.
NPMA is committed to protecting the privacy of our members, donors, customers, and other contacts. Our privacy policy is clear: We will collect no personal information about you when you visit our Web site unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Any information you choose to provide on the Web site will only be used to provide or improve services. NPMA guards your privacy and appreciates your trust.
E-mails and Web Forms
Personally identifying information that you provide by e-mails or web forms will be used only for such purposes as are described at the point of collection, such as to send information or products to you, update your membership record, or to respond to your questions or comments. If you provide contact information, NPMA staff or its contractors may contact you to clarify your comment or question, or to learn about your level of customer satisfaction with our services. Any credit card information you provide for goods or services is secure and used only for your intended purpose.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
During your visit as you browse through the Web site, read pages, or download information, we will automatically gather and store certain information about your visit but not about you. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about the visit:
The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if a private Internet access account, or "aschool.edu" if connected from a university) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to a computer whenever it is surfing the Web) from which access to our web site is gained;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time of access to our site;
The pages visited and for how long; and
The address of the Web site from which the initial visit to www.npmapestworld.org was launched, if any.
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors and to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use. The data that are collected are not connected to your personal information or identity.
Links to Other Sites
This Web site contains links to other sites. NPMA is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites, which may be different from the privacy practices described in this policy. We encourage you to become familiar with privacy practices of other sites you visit, including linked sites.
Security
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, NPMA uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1001 and 1030. Information also may be used for authorized law enforcement investigations. Except for the above purposes, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits.
Revisions
We reserve the right to change or modify this privacy statement at any time. If we revise our privacy statement, we will post those changes on the homepage and other places so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Third-Party Ad Networks
We use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on our Site and on third-party websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms). This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about you.
Users in the United States may opt out of many third-party ad networks. For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Consumer Choice Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by DAA companies. You may also go to the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) Consumer Opt-Out Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by NAI members.
Opting out from one or more companies listed on the DAA Consumer Choice Page or the NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page will opt you out from those companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our Site or on other websites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you opt out on the DAA or NAI websites, your opt-out may not be effective. Additional information is available on the DAA’s website at www.aboutads.info or the NAI’s website at www.networkadvertising.org.
Online Behavioral Advertising and How You Can Opt-Out
We may work with third-party advertising companies who may utilize cookies and web beacons, and data collected on our services, to customize advertisements to you on our services, as well as on other websites or mobile applications in their networks beyond our services. Among other things, these customized advertisements may advertise our products and services and third party products and services on websites or mobile applications not affiliated with us. Some of these ads are online behavioral advertising – which serve advertisements that are more likely to be of interest to you using non-personal behavioral information.  Such ads may contain cookies that allow monitoring of websites and mobile applications (including our own services) and your response to such advertisements.  Cookies or web beacons placed by these companies do not collect personal information, and the third-party advertising companies do not have access to or use your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number or other personal information; they may however, anonymously track your usage across our services and other websites or mobile applications in their networks. We limit companies that place our ads from using information for any purpose other than to assist us in our advertising efforts.
For more information about these third-party advertising companies' privacy policies, visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s website at http://www.networkadvertising.org. If you prefer to not receive targeted advertising, you can opt-out of network advertising programs that use your information. To do so, please visit: the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page.