http://www.waaviationcollege.com.au/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement - Western Australian Aviation College
9417 7733
Search
Skip to content
Home
About the Western Australian Aviation College Perth
The Western Australian Aviation College Advantage
Our Fleet of Training Aircraft
Cessna 152 Aerobat
Cessna 172
Mooney M20J
Partenavia P.68B
Sling
Flight Training Perth
Diploma of Aviation Perth
Diploma of Aviation (Modular)
Multi-Engine Command Instrument Rating
Flight Instructor Training Perth
Ground School
Recreational Pilot Licence
Private Pilot Licence
Commercial Pilot Licence
Instrument Rating Theory (IREX)
Examinations
Flight Training Course Dates
Applications
FAQs
For Pilots & Students
Flight Briefing
Pilot Resources
Industry Presentations
Events
Accommodation Options
Student Newsletter
News
Testimonials
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Terms and Conditions
The privacy of all those who use this website is of prime importance to us. Except as otherwise provided in this privacy statement, we will not wilfully disclose any personal information regarding our users without first obtaining their approval, unless required to do so to satisfy a legal obligation. By using our website, you agree to the collection and use of your information as outlined in this statement, and to our Terms of Use.
What information do we collect?
We do not collect any personal information about you (such as your name or email address) from your use of this website, except where you have specifically provided us with that information. If you specifically and knowingly provide any personal information to us via this website, you consent to the Western Australian Aviation College using that personal information lawfully at its sole and absolute discretion, including for the purposes of providing promotional and marketing materials by other means. You must obtain the consent of any third person whose personal information you post to this website. Whenever you use our website, or any other website, the computer on which the web pages are stored (the Web server) needs to know the network address of your computer so that it can send the requested web pages to your Internet browser. The unique network address of your computer is called its “IP address,” and is sent automatically each time you access any Internet site. From a computer’s IP address, it is possible to determine the general geographic location of that computer, but otherwise it is anonymous. We do not keep a record of the IP addresses from which users access our site except where you have specifically provided us with information about yourself, in which case we also record your IP address for security purposes.
Do we disclose information about our users to anyone else?
We may share general information about the use of our site with advertisers, sponsors, content providers and other third parties. However, we generally only disclose aggregate, anonymous information about our users and except where otherwise specifically required to do so, will not disclose any personally identifiable information to any third party without your approval. On occasions it may become necessary to release personal information, including if we are required to do so to satisfy a legal obligation. For example, we may disclose the total number of “hits” our sites receive, or how often the average user visits our site, or which terms are most often entered in our site search engine. Further, as a necessary adjunct to the proper operation of our website, our staff and technical contractors, who are subject to obligations of confidentiality to us, may gain access to personal information as part of their service.
Do we keep Email we receive from you?
We receive and reply to email from users on a regular basis. For record-keeping purposes we retain copies of most email sent to us. We do not anticipate that the information in the email we receive or send will be disclosed to any third party without the permission of the sender, either express or implied, unless required or necessary as specified in the previous paragraph.
Links to other sites
Our website may contain links to other sites that are not affiliated or associated with, or controlled by the Western Australian Aviation College. Please be aware that these other sites may be owned or developed by people over whom we have no control, and accordingly we are not responsible for their privacy practices. This Privacy Statement applies only to those parts of our website within our control. We encourage you to familiarise yourself with the privacy statement of any other website you visit which collects personal information about you, and to use your discretion when providing such information.
Changes to the Privacy Statement
We may change this Privacy Statement from time to time at our discretion and without notice. If any such changes are made, we will make all reasonable effort to bring those changes to the attention of our users. An updated version of our Privacy Statement will be maintained on this website so that you remain aware of the data we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Further Information
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions, comments or would like more information concerning privacy issues.
Join our NewsletterFOR NEWS AND EVENT UPDATES
Jandakot Airport
41 Eagle Drive, Jandakot, Western Australia
Home
About the Western Australian Aviation College Perth
Flight Training Perth
Ground School
Flight Training Course Dates
For Pilots & Students
News
Testimonials
Contact Us
Copyright © Manageering Pty Ltd trading as Western Australian Aviation College. All rights reserved. CRICOS Provider Code - 02471G. Privacy Statement
Website by PerthWeb