http://www.scottish-enterprise.com/help/terms-of-use/
Cookies
We use cookies to give you the best experience when you browse our website.
You can change your cookie settings in your browser at any time.
Find out more
about the cookies that we use and what they do.
Continue and close cookie notice
Accessibility links
Skip to main content
Accessibility information
Terms of use
Scottish Enterprise terms of use for websites
These terms of use (together with the privacy policy and the cookies policy) tell you the terms on which you may use this website. By using this website, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, you are not permitted to use this website.
This website is operated by Scottish Enterprise, established under the Enterprise and New Towns (Scotland) Act 1990 and having a principal office at Atrium Court, 50 Waterloo Street, Glasgow G2 6HQ ("SE").
SE accept no responsibility and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exclude all liability in connection with browsing this site, use of information on this site and downloading any material from it including, but not limited to, any liability for errors, inaccuracies, omissions or misleading or defamatory statements. SE's disclaimers of liability are set out in more detail on this page.
SE reserves the right to change these terms of use at any time by amending this page. Any new terms will be displayed on the website and by continuing to use and access the website following such changes, you agree to be bound by any variation made by us. It is your responsibility to check these terms of use from time to time to verify such variations
Information on this website
The information contained in this website may include opinions or views which, unless expressly stated otherwise, are not those of SE or any associated company of SE or any person SE is vicariously liable or responsible for.
Information on this website may be changed or updated without notice. SE may also make improvements and / or changes in the products and / or services and programs described in this information at any time without notice.
The content on this website is provided for general information purposes only and does not constitute advice. You should seek the advice of an appropriately qualified person in your home jurisdiction before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on this website.
SE believes the information on this website to be true and accurate as at the date of writing but can give no assurances or warranty regarding the accuracy, currency or applicability of any of the contents in relation to specific situations and particular circumstances.
SE assumes no responsibility for information contained on this website and disclaims all liability in respect of such information to the fullest extent permitted by law. In addition, none of the content of this website will form any part of any contract between you and SE or constitute an offer by SE. Specific disclaimers may apply in addition to certain content or parts of this website and such disclaimers will be notified to you.
Accessing this website
This website is made available to you free of charge. SE does not guarantee that this website, or any information or services on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. SE reserves the right to suspend, withdraw or discontinue all or any part of this website without notice. SE will not be liable to you if for any reason this website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to this website. Please note telephone and other connection charges may apply to your use of this website. For details of charges you should contact your telephone company and internet provider.
My Account
If you choose to register or are invited to register for a My account on this website, you will be required to give SE certain information. If you register for this account, your information will also be shared with SE's partner organisations: Business Gateway, Skills Development Scotland, Scottish Development International and Highlands and Islands Enterprise. The privacy policy details how SE will use this information and who we will share data with.
You must treat any chosen password, user identification code, or any other piece of information required as part of the security procedures for My Account, as confidential. You must not share these details with any third party and you will be held responsible for any activity carried out under your user name, password or unique identification code.
If you know or suspect that anyone, other than you, has unauthorized access to your My Account, you must promptly notify us at enquiries@scotent.co.uk or call 0845 607 8787.
SE reserves the right to disable any My Account at any time if, in SE’s sole opinion, either these terms of use have not been complied with or a third party has gained unauthorised access to your account.
Copyright
The contents of this website (including all website design, text, graphics, the selection and arrangement thereof and all software compilations, underlying source code, software and all other material) are protected by copyright owned by SE or its content and technology providers except insofar as individually stated on particular material or items.
You may view the site and download any part(s) of it to a personal computer (or other device which can access the internet) for personal viewing for private purposes only.
You are not permitted without our permission:
To store it or any part of it other than for the purposes set out in this paragraph
Print out copies except for your own viewing for private purposes or for the purposes of your business (other than re-publishing such material for commercial purposes)
Reproduce, copy or transmit it (or any part of it) in any other way for any purpose or in any other medium. You are also not entitled to alter the content in any way.
For permission to reproduce any of the contents of this website in any other way than set out in the preceding paragraph please contact:
Enquiries@scotent.co.uk
You can also contact us using our feedback form.
Acceptable Use
When using and accessing this website you may not cause damage, or deny or prohibit accessibility to this website in any way that is unlawful or illegal. Any instance of fraudulent or harmful behaviour is strictly prohibited. Using and accessing this website in order to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute material that could be considered damaging to computer software is prohibited in all forms. You may not conduct or perform any systematic or automated data collections in relation to this website. Unsolicited transmission of commercial communications by you via this website is prohibited.
You are not permitted to use this website to transfer any personal data outside the European Economic Area without first ensuring that an adequate level of protection is in place for such data, as required by the current Data Protection Laws in force.
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from the site any unlawful, threatening, libellous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law.
Uploading content to this website
This website is not a secure means of communication and we cannot guarantee the security of any information you supply to us using this website. For that reason, you should not submit or send to us via this website any patentable ideas or patent applications, advertising or marketing suggestions, prototypes or any information, written or oral, which you regard as confidential or commercially sensitive or valuable.
Any material, information or other communication you may transmit, post or upload to this website other than your personal information will be considered non-confidential and non proprietary, except when SE states otherwise. Subject to such legal requirements as may be in force from time to time to protect the personal data of you and any third party, SE and its designees will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate or otherwise use the communications in all data, images, sounds, text and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. By transmitting, posting or uploading any such content you are deemed to grant SE a non-exclusive, royalty free, perpetual and transferable license to do so.
Please note that these provisions do not apply any process for uploading information to SE as part of a grant or competition application process.
You represent and warrant that any content you supply to us using this website is and shall be your own original work and has been lawfully provided to us and that you have all necessary consents to provide this to us. You agree that you waive all moral rights you may have in any such content but that any personal data you supply with your content may, if we choose to do so, be used by us as described in our privacy policy.
Although we reserve the right to monitor, edit, review or remove discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards and similar communications that may exist on this website from time to time, we are under no obligation to do so and assume no responsibility or liability arising from any content posted on or uploaded to the Site.
SE has the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to this website is defamatory, constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
SE shall not be responsible, or liable to any third party for the content or accuracy of any content posted or uploaded by you or any other user of this website.
SE reserves the right to remove any material uploaded by you to this website if, in our opinion, the material uploaded to this website by you is inappropriate or has been the subject of complaint from any third party.
Third Party website links
Any links to third party websites are provided solely for the purpose of your convenience. Links made to other sites are made at your own risk and SE accepts no liability for any linked sites.
When you access a third party website through a link on this website, even if the third party website contains the SE logo, please understand that it is independent from SE and SE has no control over the content of any third party websites. Further, a link to a third party website does not mean that SE endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or the use of such third party websites.
SE has not tested any content, software feature or links found on any third party sites linked to and does not give any representation regarding the quality, safety, suitability or reliability of any of them or any of the material contained in them. You must take your own precautions to ensure what is selected for use is free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature.
Viruses
This website is not guaranteed to be free from any so-called computer viruses and it is strongly recommended that you check for such viruses before downloading any material from this website to your computer equipment.
You must not misuse this website by knowingly introducing viruses, Trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the server on which this website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to this website. You must not attack this website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. SE will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use this website will cease immediately.
Disclaimer
The materials, information, content and services on this website are provided “as is” and SE expressly disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, to the extent permitted by law including but not limited to warranties of satisfactory quality, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, SE exclude liability for any claims, losses, demands or damages of any kind whatsoever with respect to any information and / or services provided on our website including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damages, compensatory damages or loss of profits or data whether based on a breach of contract or warranty, delict or tort (including negligence), product liability or otherwise.
SE will not be liable for any loss or damage we cause which we could not reasonably anticipate when you started using the website, for example if you lose revenue, salary, profits or reputation as a result of your use of the website and/or the acts or omissions of any third party such as other users of the website or any other indirect or consequential loss or damage you may incur in relation to the website and its content.
Nothing in these terms of use shall operate to exclude or limit SE's liability for either: (i) death or personal injury arising from negligence; or (ii) fraudulent misrepresentation.
General
SE shall have no liability to you for any breach of these terms of use caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control including, without limitation, strikes, lock-outs and other industrial disputes, breakdown of systems or network access, flood, fire, explosion or accident.
If any part of these terms of use is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude or limit our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of these terms of use will not be affected. If we choose not to enforce any right that we have against you at any time, then this does not prevent us from later deciding to exercise or enforce that right.
These terms of use (together with the privacy policy) contain the entire understanding and agreement between us and you in relation to your use of this website and supersede and replace any representation, statement or other communication (whether written or otherwise) made by you or us which is not contained herein. Save for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, we shall have no liability for any such representation being untrue or misleading.
Applicable Law
These terms of use and all matters related to use of this website shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Scotland and all parties irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Scottish courts in respect of such matters.
If anything on this website is construed as being contrary to the laws applicable in any other country, then this website is not intended to be accessed by persons from that country and any persons who are subject to such laws shall not be entitled to use this website unless they can satisfy SE that such use would be lawful.