http://www.cdc.gov/nceh/lead/resources/policy-resources.htm
Lead Policy Resources | CDC
Skip directly to site content
Skip directly to page options
Skip directly to A-Z link
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. CDC twenty four seven. Saving Lives, Protecting People
Search
Submit
For a full list of topics: A-Z Index
Advanced Search
Advanced Search
Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention
Section Navigation
CDC Home
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Syndicate
Policy Resources
Minus
Related Pages
On This Page
Congressional Reports
Data Sharing and HIPAA
Federal and State Laws
Lead-Safe Housing Policy
Policy Statements
Tools
Congressional Reports
Report to Congress for Fiscal Years 2001-2002 pdf icon[PDF – 164 KB]
Data Sharing and Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
Overcoming Barriers to Data-Sharing Related to the HIPAA Privacy Rule: A Guide for State and Local Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Programs pdf icon[PDF – 586 KB]
This guide reviews HIPAA requirements and exceptions, focusing on those for public health agencies, and describes permissible uses of lead-related data under the HIPAA Privacy Rule.
HIPAA Privacy Rule and Public Health: Guidance from CDC and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services pdf icon[PDF – 241 KB]
The Health Insurance Portability Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA)external icon
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)external icon
View a copy of the joint letter by EPA and CDCpdf icon[PDF – 54 KB] regarding the confidentiality of childhood lead poisoning data.
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homesexternal icon
View a copy of the joint letter by HUD and CDC pdf icon[PDF – 137 KB] regarding the confidentiality of childhood lead poisoning data.
Top of Page
Federal and State Laws
Federal laws
EPA’s Lead Renovation, Repair and Painting Program Rule (RRP)external icon
This webpage lists the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s requirements and lists information for state officials, property owners, families, and contractors pertaining to the RRP rule.
EPA’s Renovation, Repair and Painting Ruleexternal icon
This document summarizes EPA’s new Lead Renovation, Repair and Painting Program rule.
Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA)external icon
This webpage is an online version of the Toxic Substances Control Act. See Subchapter IV for regulations on lead exposure reduction.
HUD’s Lead Safe Housing Ruleexternal icon
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development’s Lead Safe Housing Rule applies to all target housing that is federally owned and applies to target housing receiving federal assistance.
The Lead Disclosure Rule (Title X, Section 1018)external icon
This law requires the disclosure of known information on lead-based paint and lead-based paint hazards before the sale or lease of most housing built before 1978.
Title X Regulations (Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992)
Public Law 102-550external icon
Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992
Title X, Sections 1012 and 1013external icon
Requirements for the Notification, Evaluation, and Reduction of Lead-Based Paint Hazards in Federally Owned Residential Property and Housing Receiving Federal Assistance.
The Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (CPSIA)external icon
The complete act and section summaries of the CPSIA.
Consumer Product Safety Act (CPSA) pdf icon[PDF – 567 KB]external icon
The CPSA provides that when the Consumer Product Safety Commission finds an unreasonable risk of injury associated with a consumer product, it can develop a standard to reduce or eliminate the risk.
State laws
Lead Statutes Database pdf icon[PDF – 1 MB]
The Lead Statutes Database provides lawmakers and others with an easily searchable tool for assessing state lead poisoning prevention policy trends. Source: National Conference of State Legislaturesexternal icon
Top of Page
Lead-Safe Housing Policy
Low Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC)external icon
This 2007 report examines how the LIHTC program has addressed childhood lead poisoning associated with lead-based paint hazards in old housing that is undergoing rehabilitation. It describes additional measures that should be taken to ensure that program advances the goal of eliminating the disease by 2010 and does not inadvertently create lead-based paint hazards in the housing units it rehabilitates, therefore protecting the future viability of the program.
Top of Page
Policy Statements
American Academy of Pediatrics
Prevention of Childhood Lead Toxicityexternal icon
Source: Pediatrics 138(1): e20161493 (2016)
Top of Page
Tools
Federal Lead-Based Paint Enforcement Bench Book pdf icon[PDF – 1.06 MB]external icon – January 2009
The Federal Lead-Based Paint Enforcement Bench Book provides an overview of federal statutes, regulations, and enforcement programs. It covers the Lead Safe Housing Rule, and Section 7003 of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. The benchbook also explains how federal enforcement programs operate, and how to promote enforcement through referrals and partnerships. Source: National Center for Healthy Housingexternal icon
Guidebook for Developing State and Local Lead-Based Enforcement Bench Books pdf icon[PDF – 330 KB]external icon – August 2008
The Guidebook for Developing State and Local Lead-Based Enforcement Bench Books is a how-to manual to help those who are not lawyers develop state and local lead-based paint enforcement benchbooks for their jurisdictions. Because of diverse state and local laws, no single benchbook would be accurate or relevant for every jurisdiction. Therefore, the guidebook provides background and resource information, advice, and specific “action items” for developing state and local benchbooks. The guidebook also explains how to find codes about housing, property maintenance, health, nuisance abatement, and other topics that may address lead-based paint hazards. Source: National Center for Healthy Housingexternal icon
Lead-Safe Housing Policy Guidance Series pdf icon[PDF – 139 KB] – December 2004
Source: Alliance for Healthy Homesexternal icon
Top of Page
Page last reviewed:
July 30, 2019 Content source:
National Center for Environmental Health, Division of Environmental Health Science and Practice
homeLead Home
Lead Poisoning Preventionplus icon
Sources of Lead Exposure
At-Risk Populations
Blood Lead Levels in Children
Health Effects of Lead Exposure
FAQs
State and Local Programsplus icon
Funding Information
Success Stories
Flint Registry
Data and Statisticsplus icon
Blood Lead Surveillance Data
National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES)
HHLPSS Data Management Platform
Healthy People Objectives
Laboratory Considerationsplus icon
Proficiency Testing
Biomonitoring
Blood Lead Safety Alert
Lead Advisory Committeeplus icon
Lead Exposure and Prevention Advisory Committee (LEPAC)plus icon
LEPAC Meetings
Lead Poisoning Prevention Subcommittee
Advisory Committee on Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention (ACCLPP)
Publications and Resourcesplus icon
Policy Resources
Scientific Publications
Tools & Trainings
HAVE QUESTIONS?
Visit CDC-INFO
Call 800-232-4636
Email CDC-INFO
Open 24/7
CDC INFORMATION
About CDC
Jobs
Funding
Policies
File Viewers & Players
Privacy
FOIA
No Fear Act
OIG
Nondiscrimination
Accessibility
CONNECT WITH CDC
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Snapchat
Youtube
Syndicate
CDC TV
RSS
Email
U.S. Department of Health & Human Services
USA.gov
CDC Website Exit Disclaimer external icon
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
SAS
stats
Exit Notification/Disclaimer Policy
Close
Links with this icon
indicate that you are leaving the CDC website.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) cannot attest to the accuracy of a non-federal website.
Linking to a non-federal website does not constitute an endorsement by CDC or any of its employees of the sponsors or the information and products presented on the website.
You will be subject to the destination website's privacy policy when you follow the link.
CDC is not responsible for Section 508 compliance (accessibility) on other federal or private website.
For more information on CDC's web notification policies, see Website Disclaimers.
Cancel
Continue