https://www.uefoundation.org/terms-of-use-and-privacy-statement/
Terms of Use and Privacy Statement
Terms of Use and Privacy Statement
Last Updated on May 10, 2018
United Engineering Foundation (“us”, “we”, “United Engineering Foundation” or “our”) operates uefoundation.org (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding use of the site and the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
By using the Site, you agree to the following:
Disclaimer of Warranties The site is provided by United Engineering Foundation on an “as is” and on an “as available” basis. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, United Engineering Foundation makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the use or the results of this website in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, or any other manner. United Engineering Foundation has and shall have no liability for any interruptions in the use of this Website. United Engineering Foundation specifically and generally disclaims all warranties with regard to the information provided, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, therefore the above-referenced exclusion is inapplicable, in those jurisdictions only.
Limitation of Liability and DisclaimerUNITED ENGINEERING FOUNDATION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, AND IN PARTICULAR UNITED ENGINEERING FOUNDATION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, OR LOSS OF USE, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS WEBSITE OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN IT, WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARISE IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, UNDER STATUTE, IN EQUITY, AT LAW, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF UNITED ENGINEERING FOUNDATION HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS ARE INAPPLICABLE, IN THOSE JURISDICTIONS ONLY.
Information Collection, Privacy and Security While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name and/or email address (“Personal Information”). We will take every reasonable effort to assure information sent to/entered into our site is secure and private, but disclaims any liability for unauthorized use. We do not share your information with any third party with the exception of our contracted support vendors. Users (“Data Subjects”) always maintain control of their data and can request a current copy, request deletion, and any other aspect related to personal data control. Data collected on our site is stored in the United States.
Log Data and Web Analytics Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. However, no personal information is collected via data logs. We also utilize Google Analytics to determine aggregate traffic activities. We believe that no personal information is collected in Google Analytics, but make no representation to such effect.
Cookies Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect anonymous information such as aggregate user activity, traffic, and other statistical purposes. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Governing Jurisdiction of the Courts of PennsylvaniaThe site’s content is overseen and governed in the State of Pennsylvania. As such, our content is subject to the laws of the State of Pennsylvania, and such laws will govern this Terms of Use and Privacy, without giving effect to any choice of law rules. We make no representation that our website or other services are appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations. Accordingly, if you choose to access our site you agree to do so subject to the internal laws of the State of Pennsylvania.
Compliance with LawsBy use of the site, user assumes knowledge of all applicable laws and agrees user is responsible for compliance with any and all laws. User may not use the Service in any way that violates applicable state, federal, or international laws, regulations or other government requirements including entities having or claiming to have jurisdiction over the use of the site. User further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation.
Protection of Children under the age of 13 United Engineering Foundation does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 13 and you believe that your child has provided information to us, please contact director@unitedengineeringfdn.org and that information will be deleted.
Copyright InformationAll materials posted on this site are subject to copyrights owned either by United Engineering Foundation or other individuals or entities. Any reproduction, retransmission, or republication of all or part of any document found on this site is expressly prohibited, unless United Engineering Foundation or the copyright owner of the material has expressly granted its prior written consent to so reproduce, retransmit, or republish the material. All other rights are also reserved.
The names, trademarks, service marks and logos of United Engineering Foundation appearing on this site may not be used in any advertising or publicity, or otherwise to indicate United Engineering Foundation’s sponsorship of or affiliation with any product or service, without United Engineering Foundation’s prior express written permission.
Although the United Engineering Foundation site may include links providing direct access to other Internet sites, we take no responsibility for the content or information contained on those other sites, and the United Engineering Foundation does not exert any editorial or other control over those other sites, and disclaims any responsibility or liability therefrom.
United Engineering Foundation is providing information and services on the Internet as a benefit and service in furtherance of our goals and objectives. United Engineering Foundation makes no representations about the suitability of this information and these services for any purpose.
Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement Pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Copyright Revision Act, as enacted through the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, United Engineering Foundation designates the following individual as its agent for receipt of notifications of claimed copyright infringement.
Copyright OfficerUnited Engineering Foundationdirector@unitedengineeringfnd.org
Changes to This PolicyUnited Engineering Foundation may update this Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Contact UsIf you have any questions about these policies or copyright issues, please contact us at:
United Engineering Foundation c/o Glenmede1650 Market Street, Suite 1200Philadelphia, PA 19103