http://www.inside-performance.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Inside Performance Consulting Limited is committed to providing visitors with a web site that respects their privacy. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, such as name, organisation, address, email address, and phone number, when voluntarily submitted by our web site visitors and customers. Please note the following specific points:
When you express an interest in our products and services we keep a record of this contact and interest for marketing purposes.
For more details about how we use browser tracking cookies read our Cookie Policy.
Our eLearning Dashboard (provided through our partner LearnUpon) used to deliver online courses, will keep a record of your training history, such that you have a record of your course completion and any certificates or CPD points awarded.
Credit/debit card information supplied to make a purchase is not stored following the transaction for which the information was supplied.
Processing of Information
The personal information you provide is used to fulfil your specific request. This information is only used to fulfil your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner.
We also process data for marketing purposes to send you information about our products, services and events. We either request your consent to send you marketing information, or where you have contacted us to express an interest we may send you marketing material based on legitimate interest. Contacts will be given the option to unsubscribe on all marketing communications.
We analyse non personal data, using browser tracking cookies, to improve the customer experience on our web site.
Distribution of Information
We do not share your data with 3rd parties for marketing purposes.
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place.
When ordering products or services from our shop: we share some order data with Taxamo for VAT calculations on digital services based on your country within the EU; and we share some order data with PayPal when checking out and making payment through PayPal. These are both essential requirements to fulfil orders placed through the shop on our website.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors have access to this information. To help keep your personal information submitted to this web site private, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) is used to encrypt data between your browser and the web server (using an HTTPS connection).
Contact Us about Privacy
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may Contact Us. You have the right to request a copy of the personal data we hold, update your details including withdrawing any consents you may have given, and the right to be forgotten. Please contact us with any such requests.
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Call Back?