https://www.careermagnifier.com/privacy-policy/
Career Magnifier respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. This website privacy notice explains our policy for dealing with personal information that we collect through the website. By accessing or using this website you acknowledge and agree to be bound by this privacy notice.
Throughout this notice, we refer to your “personal information” which means information which identifies you as an individual or from which your identity can be reasonably ascertained. Your home address and home telephone number are examples of personal information. From time to time we will post any changes to this website privacy notice on this website. We therefore encourage you to check this page each time you return to this website.
In addition to the provisions of this website privacy notice, there may also be specific and additional privacy provisions that apply to certain sections of the website. Because those specific and additional provisions also relate to your privacy protection, we recommend that you review them wherever they appear. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this website privacy notice and those other specific and additional provisions, the specific and additional provisions will prevail.
Information Collected
The information about you, which we may collect through the website, includes the following:
information collected when you register, which may include personal information such as your name and contact details;
the content of electronic forms you submit via the website or requesting us to provide services or information, or take action;
any messages or comments you submit to us via the website – for instance via an email; and
information collected when you participate in any online career assessment appearing on this website.
Children under the age of 18 who wish to submit a comment or idea must have their parents’ (or legal guardians’) consent to do so.
In common with many commercial websites we may also collect aggregated information which tells us about visitors to the website but not the identity of those visitors. For example, we may collect information in relation to:
the user’s server address;
the user’s domain;
the date and time of the visit to the site;
the pages accessed and documents downloaded;
the previous site visited; and
the type of browser used.
We use this information to count the number and type of visitors to the different pages on our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors like you. Career Magnifier will make no attempt to identify users, correlate data collected as users or identify users browsing activities.
Use and disclosure of information
In addition to providing our services (including training and consulting services) to you, we may use or disclose personal information that we collect about you:
for the purposes for which it was collected;
where you have consented to the use or disclosure;
to maintain our relationship with you;
for purposes related to our research, planning, service development, security and risk management;
where a third party acquires or wishes to acquire, or makes inquiries in relation to acquiring, an interest in Career Magnifier; or
to the extent that we are required or authorised by law to do so.
We may also use your personal information to keep you informed of our services, events, and other matters (if you specifically request that we send you such material). From time to time our website may offer chats, forums or message boards. Information posted in these venues becomes public knowledge.
Links
This website may, from time to time, contain links to the websites of other organisations that may be of interest to viewers. Linked websites are responsible for their own privacy practices and you should check those websites for their respective privacy statements and terms of use. We also make no representation as to accuracy or completeness of the information contained in such third party websites. You should refer to our terms of use for more information.
Security
We use a number of mechanisms to protect the security and integrity of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed as completely secure. So while we strive to protect such information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Once any personal information comes into our possession, we will take reasonable steps to protect that information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Access to information
If you wish to request access to any other personal information which we hold about you as a result of our information collection practices outlined in this website privacy notice, please contact us and provide as much detail as you can about the particular information you seek in order to help us retrieve it.
Contact details
If you have any questions or feedback about your privacy or the way in which we have handled your personal information, please contact us.