http://www.mountainlion.org/policyprivacy.php
Home
About
Join/Donate
Act Now
Search
Enter Search Terms Here
MORE OPTIONS
Events
Action Alerts
Features
Audio
Video
Newsroom
Opinion
Press and Media
OUR LIBRARY
Privacy Policy
The Mountain Lion Foundation (MLF) strongly believes in protecting the integrity and privacy of personal information gathered from our members and visitors to our websites. Since the protection of your privacy is of great importance to us, we have created this privacy policy to communicate our practices regarding the collection and dissemination of personal information provided to us by our members and website visitors.
What information does the Mountain Lion Foundation collect?
The Mountain Lion Foundation does not collect any information from you without your knowledge and permission, and we do not ask that you enter any personal information to access or use most areas of the Mountain Lion Foundation website.
Why does the Mountain Lion Foundation ask for my information?
In order to participate in some activities, you might be asked to provide some personal information. This could be in connection with any one or combination of the following:
Subscription to the Mountain Lion Foundation's email updates lists.
Shipment of items purchased in the Mountain Lion Foundation Giftshop.
Making or renewing a donation online.
Sending personalized email messages when forwarding an article, postcard, email updates or action alert.
Submission of questions and stories on a Mountain Lion Foundation website.
How does MLF use the information gathered from the above sources?
We use your information to send you details about our campaigns, events and activities, local volunteer opportunities and alerts, and membership and renewal appeals.
How is information used in the Mountain Lion Foundation email updates?
You will only receive email updates (e-news) from us if you have expressly signed up for email updates on the Mountain Lion Foundation website, at a Mountain Lion Foundation event, or by contacting the Mountain Lion Foundation.
All email messages sent to email updates subscribers contain a link to unsubscribe or to modify your profile. You may subscribe or unsubscribe to any email updates or email communication from the Mountain Lion Foundation at any time.
When email updates are forwarded, the Mountain Lion Foundation does not capture the personal information of the third parties.
The information that we gather from subscribers to our email updates lists (including email addresses) is not shared with other non-MLF affiliated organizations or companies.
From time to time, we may send out email messages that might include information about these like-minded organizations and companies, but we do not provide them with access to any personal information that you have provided.
If you have any questions about Mountain Lion Foundation email updates, please email outreach@mountainlion.org
How does the Mountain Lion Foundation protect your information?
The Mountain Lion Foundation is extremely protective of the information gathered through its membership and website. Our website has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control. Our web server is located in a locked, secure environment.
When you contribute to the Mountain Lion Foundation online or make a purchase through the Mountain Lion Foundation Giftshop, we use a secure server and encryption to protect your financial and other personal information during transmission.
Does the Mountain Lion Foundation rent, sell, or trade my information?
The Mountain Lion Foundation occasionally makes the names and postal addresses of members available to reputable advocacy and nonprofit organizations.
If you are a Mountain Lion Foundation member and you don't wish to have your information exchanged with other organizations, please email us at mlf@mountainlion.org or call us at 916-442-2666 Extension 100 to opt out of any future exchange.
If you are not a Mountain Lion Foundation member and you have provided personal contact information on our website through the methods listed above, your information will not be exchanged.
How do you update your contact information with the Mountain Lion Foundation?
To correct and/or change membership or contact information with the Mountain Lion Foundation, simply email mlf@mountainlion.org or telephone 916-442-2666 Extension 100.
Additional Questions?
If you have more questions about our privacy policy, the information that we have collected from you online, or your interaction with this website, please email mlf@mountainlion.org or telephone 916-442-2666 Extension 100.
You can also reach us via U.S. mail:
Mountain Lion Foundation
PO Box 1896
Sacramento, CA 95812
Home
About
Join/Donate
Act Now
Search
Enter Search Terms Here
Site Map
Contact
Privacy
Copyright
EMAIL THIS PAGE TO YOUR FRIENDS
Follow @MtnLionFdn
Tweet
.
click here for more info about social networking...
PO Box 1896 | Sacramento, California | 95812
916-442-2666 | info@mountainlion.org
ABOUT OUR PEOPLE & HISTORY:
Board
Staff
Volunteers
Science Advisory Council
History
Brochure
Job Openings
The Mountain Lion Foundation is a tax-deductible non-profit organization, tax exempt under
Section 501(c)(3) of the IRS code (Federal I.D. # 94-3015360)
Copyright 1988-2020.
Material produced by the Mountain Lion
Foundation is protected under copyright laws.
Permission to rebroadcast or duplicate is
granted for non-commercial use when the Mountain Lion Foundation is credited.