https://www.nats.aero/home/terms-and-conditions/
NATS
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube
Blog
Contact
Search
NATS
About
About us
What we do
Vision & strategy
Board & Executive
History
Clients
Company Performance
Single European Sky
Research & innovation
Suppliers
Vision & strategy
To be the acknowledged global leader in innovative air traffic solutions and airport performance.
Annual Report & Accounts
NATS maintained excellent safety and service standards with solid financial performance.
Airspace
Introduction
Understanding airspace
Airspace Explorer
The future of airspace
Working with communities
Airspace consultations
Airspace and drones
Airspace TV
Introduction to airspace
The future of airspace
Services & Products
Introduction
Commercial Services
ATC Services
Engineering Services
Training Services
Wind Farm Services
Covid-19 Recovery Solutions
Commercial Products
Full Commercial Catalogue
Customers
Demand Capacity Balancer (DCB)
Intelligent Approach
Environment
Environment
Noise & emissions
Measuring noise
Airspace efficiency
Responsible Business Report 2020
Reports & documents library
Responsible Business Report 2020
Measuring airspace efficiency
Careers
Introduction
Why NATS?
Vacancies
Trainee Air Traffic Controllers
Students and graduates
Professional and business support
Our amazing everyday
Being a Controller - The career
Media
Media Centre
News releases
Company blog
Online magazine
Altitude webcast
Photos & videos
Factsheets
Reports
Altitude - our ATC focused webcast
Blog - insights from our experts
Contacts
Follow NATS
Twitter
Linked In
Facebook
Vimeo
Google Plus
Pinterest
Share
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Copy link to clipboard
HomeSite informationTerms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Site informationDiversity and Inclusion
Privacy notice
Cookies policy
Sitemap
Terms and Conditions
NATS Defined Contribution Pension Scheme
GDPR enquiry
Working safely and staying secure during Covid-19
NATS (“we”, “us” or “our”) provide the information set out on the NATS website (the “Website”) solely for information and to facilitate NATS’ communications.
By using any part of this Website, completing any registration with us and/or submitting any information to us on the Website, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, together with our privacy notice and cookies policy.
1. DISCLAIMER
This Website is provided for general information only. The Website is presented “as is”. The content of this Website is not intended to amount to advice, nor any recommendation or endorsement, as to any investment or other service.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on this Website, NATS makes no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on this Website is accurate, current, complete, error-free or fit for any particular purpose.
We do not guarantee that this Website, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We reserve all rights to remove or edit any materials or content on the Website at any time. We will not be liable to you or any third party if for any reason the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
We are not responsible for the content of any off-Website pages or any other websites linked to or from the Website. Links appearing on the Website are for convenience only and are not an endorsement by us, our affiliates or our partners of the referenced Content, product, service, or supplier.
2. Use of the Website
2.1. Terms of Use
You may use this Website only for lawful purposes and, unless otherwise authorised by NATS in writing, non-commercial use in support of your better knowledge of NATS. You must not:
(a) use this Website in any way which may damage NATS’ reputation or take advantage of it.
(b) use this Website in any way that is or has the potential effect of being unlawful or fraudulent, breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
(c) use, reproduce, copy or re-sell any part of the content of this Website for commercial purposes without first obtaining a licence to do so from NATS or our licensors.
(d) transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
(e) knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
(f) access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt: any part of this Website; any equipment or network on which this Website is stored; any software used in the provision of this Website; or any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
Access to parts of the Website (for example, to use some of NATS’ web-based tools and services) may require you to comply with additional or specific terms of use. In such instances, these will be communicated to you prior to your access and, in case of conflict, specific terms of use shall prevail over the Website Terms and Conditions and the Cookies & privacy policy.
2.2. Content Standards
The following content standards apply to any and all material and information which you supply to NATS; including any personal information which you are required to provide when accessing or using certain sections of the Website.
Any and all material and information which you supply must:
(a) Be accurate (where they state facts).
(b) Be genuinely held (where they state opinions).
(c) Comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.
Your use of the Website, together with all material and information which you supply, must not:
(a) Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act.
(b) Infringe any copyright, database right, trade mark or any intellectual property rights of any other person.
(c) Contain or disseminate any material which is or could be construed as defamatory of any person, obscene, offensive, threatening, abuse, vulgar, invade another’s privacy or otherwise objectionable.
(d) Promote discrimination (based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age), violence and/or sexually explicit material and/or any illegal activity.
(e) Be likely to deceive any person or be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person.
(f) Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.
3. Copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights
3.1. NATS’ Intellectual Property Rights
All content available on the Website including, but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, data compilations and software, and the compilation thereof (the “Content”) is the property of NATS, our affiliates, our partners or our licensors, and is protected by UK and international copyright laws. All such rights are reserved.
The trade marks, logos, and service marks displayed on the Website (collectively, the “Trade Marks”) are the registered and unregistered marks of NATS, our affiliates, our licensors or our partners in the UK and other countries, and are protected by UK and international trade mark laws. Any other intellectual property rights not owned by us, our affiliates, our partners or our licensors that may appear on the Website are the property of their respective owners who may or may not be affiliated with or connected to us. All such rights are reserved.
Except as set forth in the limited licence in the Limited Licence section below, or as required under applicable law, neither the Content, Trade Marks, nor any other portion of the Website may be used, reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, accessed, modified, or otherwise exploited, in full or in part, for any purpose without our prior written consent.
No licence is granted to you in these Terms and Conditions to use any Trade Marks belonging to NATS, our affiliates, our licensors or our partners in the UK and other countries.
3.2. Limited Licence
We grant you a limited, revocable and non-exclusive licence to access and make personal use of the Website including making a single, electronically stored transient copy of the Content for the purpose of viewing the Web page. Please note that you may not frame or utilise framing techniques to enclose the Website or any portion thereof without our prior written consent.
The limited licence hereby granted does not include the right to:
(a) modify or download the Website or its contents (except caching or as necessary to view the Content); or
(b) create any derivative work based upon either the Website or its Content; or
(c) collect information for the benefit of another party; or
(d) use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilising our name or the Trade Marks without our express written consent; or
(e) use software robots, spiders, crawlers, or similar data gathering and extraction tools, or take any other action that may impose an unreasonable burden or load on our infrastructure.
You are granted a limited, revocable and non-exclusive right to create a hyperlink to the Website provided that any link you create to our Website:
(a) may link to, but not replicate, our Content; and
(b) may not misrepresent its relationship with us; and
(c) may not imply that we are endorsing such website or its services or products; and
(d) may not portray NATS or our tools or services, in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive or objectionable manner, or associate us with undesirable products, services, or opinions; and
(f) may not infringe our Trade Mark or any other intellectual property right belonging to NATS or any other person; and
NATS may, in our sole discretion, request that you remove any link to the Website, and upon receipt of such request, you shall immediately remove such link.
4. Your account and password
Access to part of the Website (for example, to use some of NATS’ web-based tools and services) may be restricted to users with a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures.
In such instances, you are responsible for the activity that happens on or through your account. If you learn of any unauthorised use of your account, you must contact NATS immediately.
NATS may review account usage and content to monitor NATS’ system performance and audit your use. NATS reserves all rights to disable or suspend any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, in the case NATS suspects infringing or improper use.
5. Unsolicited suggestions and ideas
You may provide us with unsolicited suggestions and ideas, including enquiries, feedback, suggestions, ideas or other information (collectively referred to as “Submission”).
By transmitting or posting any Submission, you consent to our use of your Submission without restrictions and you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control the rights to your Submission. You further represent and warrant that such Submission does not constitute or contain software viruses, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam”. You agree to indemnify us for all claims arising from any rights in any Submission.
Without liability to you or third parties, NATS shall have full right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, sell, assign, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display any Submission in any form, media, or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, alone or as part of other works. You also acknowledge that you Submission may not be returned and we may use your Submission and any ideas, concept or know-how contained therein for any purpose including, without limitation, developing, manufacturing, distributing and marketing products.
6. Limitation of Liability
Notwithstanding the provision of section 1 (Disclaimer) above, you agree that in using this Website, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of England and Wales, NATS’ maximum aggregate liability shall not exceed one hundred pounds Sterling (£100.00) and NATS shall not be responsible or liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any kind, related to the Website regardless of the form of action whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise,  even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages, for any:
(a) loss of profits, interruption of business, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business opportunity, revenue, goodwill or reputation; or
(b) access delays or access interruptions to the Website; or
(c) data non-delivery, mis-delivery, corruption, destruction or other modification; or
(d) loss or damages of any sort incurred as a result of dealings with or the presence of off-website links on the Website; or
(e) computer viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, system failure or malfunction which may occur in connection with your use of the Website, including during hyperlink to or from third party websites you accordingly acknowledge that it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that this Website and whatever third party website(s) you select for your use is (are) free of viruses, worms, trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature; or
(f) any inaccuracies, omissions or misleading, false or deceptive statement in the content; or
(g) events beyond our reasonable control.
Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by the laws of England and Wales.
Some countries do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, and in such countries our liability is limited to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
7. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless for any loss, damages or costs, including reasonable legal fees, resulting from any third party claim, action, or demand resulting from your use of the Website. You also agree to indemnify us for any loss, damages, or costs, including reasonable legal fees, resulting from your use of software robots, spiders, crawlers, or similar data gathering and extraction tools, or any other action you take that imposes an unreasonable burden or load on our infrastructure.
8. General
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, then these Terms and Conditions shall continue to be valid as to the other provisions and the remainder of the affected provision. Any waiver of any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions by us shall not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default and shall in no way affect the other provisions of these Terms and Conditions.
No failure to exercise and no delay on the part of either party in exercising any right, remedy, power or privilege of that party under these Terms and Conditions and no course of dealing between the parties shall be construed or operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights and remedies provided by these Terms and Conditions are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. Time shall not be of the essence of these Terms and Conditions as regards any of the times, dates and/or periods mentioned herein.
9. Changes to these Terms
We reserve the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time and we encourage you to revisit these Terms and Conditions periodically to ensure that you are at all times fully aware of our Terms and Conditions. Any changes are effective immediately upon posting to the Website. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your agreement to all such Terms and Conditions.
10. Governing Law
Your use of this Website shall be governed by English law, and by accessing the Website you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
11. Contact us
If you have any questions, comments and/or requests concerning our Website, please Contact Us.
News
Eight weeks left for public to have their say on flight path changes
09.12.2020
Share
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Copy link to clipboard
HomeSite informationTerms and Conditions
Top
UK Flights
-
Departed today
-
Landed today
-
Currently airborne
-
Handled yesterday
Press releases
Eight weeks left for public to have their say on flight path changes
09 Dec 2020
NATS report charts further environmental progress
01 Dec 2020
Nocturnal team delivers Heathrow surveillance improvements
19 Nov 2020
New separation standard permanently adopted over the North Atlantic
18 Nov 2020
Visit media centre
Twitter
Follow @NATS on Twitter
Reports & downloadsAnnual Report
Customer Report
Responsible Business Report
Safety Strategy
Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Related websitesAeronautical Information Service
Customer Gateway (restricted)
FerroNATS
Intelligent Approach
Help & supportDo it online
Wind farm pre-planning applications
Non-Standard Flight applications
Working safely and staying secure during Covid-19
Contact us
© Copyright NATS Limited 2020 Sitemap
Diversity and Inclusion
Privacy notice
Cookies policy
GDPR enquiry
Terms & conditions
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube
Sitemap
Diversity and Inclusion
Privacy notice
Cookies policy
GDPR enquiry
Terms & conditions
© Copyright NATS Limited 2020
NATS
Search Results
By continuing to use our site, you're agreeing to our use of cookies. Read our cookies policy.Ok