http://www.asha.org.au/privacy-policy.html
About The SocietySociety HistoryCommitteePast CommitteesRegional RepresentativesConstitutionFiftieth Anniversary50 Sites, 50 Stories
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the website of the Australasian Society for Historical Archaeology (ASHA).
Scope
The ASHA website provides information regarding historical archaeology in Australia, New Zealand and the Asia–Pacific region. It also provides information regarding the administration of ASHA. Memberships, select publications and event registrations are available for purchase through the ASHA website. This privacy policy relates specifically to the ASHA website and the membership and customer database on which it runs. ASHA Officers include elected members of the Executive Committee and General Committee, appointed Officers, such as the Webmanager(s), and paid staff, ie the Administrative Officer.
Personal information
Some parts of the ASHA website require the collection of personal information. These include paying for membership subscriptions, purchasing publications, paying for ASHA events and viewing member-only material. The kind of personal information collected includes your name, username, password, email and postal address. For household memberships, the name of the person with whom you share the membership will also be collected. ASHA does not store your credit card details. These are handled by a separate e-payment gateway provider specified at the point of payment (eg Paypal).
ASHA uses this personal to provide services to you. Members will receive official email correspondence from ASHA regarding annual general meetings, committee elections and the issue of the quarterly newsletter. Members can also opt out of the ASHA email list. Members will receive the annual journal Australasian Historical Archaeology delivered to their nominated postal address. We may also use your contact details to communicate with you about ASHA activities which you are involved with, such as specific events or regarding contributions to publications.
Disclosure (sharing)
We may share your information with others so that ASHA can deliver appropriate services to you. These services may include processing transactions, shipping publications, and administration services. These parties will only receive the information they require for the delivery of the service.
The constitution of the Australasian Society for Historical Archaeology requires that ‘A list of members shall be opened for inspection, free of charge, by any member of the Society at any reasonable hour.’ (Section 7.3). For this reason, if you are a current ASHA member, your name and the fact that you are a member may be shared with other members. Your email or postal address will not be shared.
Access to personal information and correction of personal details
You are able to login to this website to access and change or correct your personal details. If you have difficulty accessing the website, please contact the ASHA Webmanager(s), webmanager@asha.org.au. If you have other questions about your membership, or other personal information we may hold about you, please contact the ASHA Secretary, secretary@asha.org.au.
How we protect your personal information
This website and the associated membership database is hosted on servers located in Australia. This website uses https to secure your data when you login to this site.
Membership lists and backups are created by ASHA Officers from time to time. These are stored on networked computers (not online storage) and do not include username and password. ASHA Staff are subject to a Confidentiality Agreement.
Website analytics
Our website may use ‘cookies’. Our website also links to external pages. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of those websites.
Our website uses Adobe Business Catalyst Analytics.
Business Catalyst offers a powerful reporting suite for every aspect of your online business – from web page views through to online store orders, we record every interaction customers have with your site and give you the tools to track them – no extra tracking code required.
Shipping
All prices are in Australian dollars, and exclude GST (ASHA does not collect GST).
Prices are subject to change without notice.
We usually mail out titles once a month. Express orders within Australia will arrive the next business day; 2-3 days later for items sent via regular post. If your order is urgent or you want to find out when the next shipping date will be, please contact publications@asha.org.au.
Contact Us
All questions about your privacy concerns can be addressed to the ASHA Secretary, secretary@asha.org.au.
Alternately you may write to us at:
The Secretary
Australasian Society for Historical Archaeology
GPO Box 2663
Sydney NSW 2001
Australia