http://www.autoscribe.co.uk/cookie-policy
Autoscribe Cookie PolicyWhat are Cookies?As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses Cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these Cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.For more general information on Cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.How we use CookiesWe use Cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all Cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.Disabling CookiesYou can prevent the setting of Cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling Cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling Cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable Cookies.More informationHopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave Cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us via email: matrix@autoscribe.co.ukAnnex A: Types of Cookies Used on This WebsiteType of CookieSourcePurposeExpiryHow to Block
Advertising
Google AdwordsWhen you click on an ad from Google Search or selected Google Display Network sites, or when you view a video ad, a temporary cookie is placed on your computer or mobile device. When you complete an action we have defined, our system recognises the cookie (through a code snippet we added), and a conversion is recorded. Only pages containing the Google conversion tag are tracked through this program.Some of the cookies set for this purpose are automatically removed from your device once you close your browser. Others may last for a period of up to 24 months from your last visit to our site.For more information about how Google uses advertising cookies, visit the Google Advertising Privacy FAQ. To manage settings for these cookies and opt-out of these features, visit the Ads Settings.
Marketing
DoubleClickGoogle DoubleClick uses conversion cookies, whose main purpose is to help advertisers determine how many times people who click on their ads end up purchasing their products. These cookies allow Google and the advertiser to determine that you clicked the ad and later visited the advertiser's site.Some of the cookies set for this purpose are automatically removed from your device once you close your browser. Others may last for a period of up to 24 months from your last visit to our site.Information about how DoubleClick uses cookies can be found here. And you can opt out here. Users who don't wish to participate in tracking activities can easily not accept this cookie by setting their internet browser user preferences to block cookies. This may need to be done again after a user clears cookies in order to maintain these settings.
Site Analytics
Google AnalyticsThese cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.Some of the cookies set for this purpose are automatically removed from your device once you close your browser. Others may last for a period of up to 24 months from your last visit to our site.You can opt out of tracking by Google Analytics here.
Download PDFThank you for your interest. Please complete the form to access this document. We respect privacy and your personal details will not be shared.
Name
Job Title
Company
Work Email
State/Country
Telephone
Optional Q 1
(below if ticked) Please contact me to discuss a demo or quotation
Optional Q 2
(below if ticked) I would like to receive news and promotions via email
Submit