https://www.esa.org/public-policy/get-involved/
Skip to main content
HomePolicyGet Involved & Take Action
Get Involved & Take Action
We facilitate opportunities for members to engage beyond the scientific community through media contacts, press releases, social media, briefings, and one-on-one meetings with policymakers.
Policy Toolkit
ESA’s policy toolkit provides best practices and tips for engaging with lawmakers and public officials.
Rapid Response Team
ESA’s Rapid Response Team serve as resources for policymakers and the media
Policy Resources
Resources from ESA on taking action in policy
Graduate Student Policy Award
ESA’s Graduate Student Policy Award provides training and policy experience to graduate students in ecology each year.
Policy Training
ESA policy staff offer training workshops designed to help ecological scientists engage more effectively with policymakers
Register to Vote
The 2020 elections are happening this November, see our guide to registering to vote and requesting an absentee ballot. Photo by HJL. CC BY 2.0
Explore Get Involved & Take Action
Secondary Menu
Action Alerts
Katherine S. McCarter Graduate Student Policy Award
Policy Resources
Policy Toolkit
Policy Training
Rapid Response Team
Register to Vote and Request an Absentee Ballot
Journals and Publications
Owners of domestic cats (Felis catus) express diverse perspectives on their pets’ hunting behaviors and access to the outdoors. In some regions, policies focused on confining cats indoors, or otherwise regulating ownership, can lead to noncompliance and at worst may contribute to conflict. In the December issue of Frontiers, Crowley et al. explain how tailoring communications and management approaches to better align with owners’ perspectives could increase participation in attempts to reduce their pets’ impacts on wildlife.
Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment
Career OpportunitiesHarvard University Center for the Environment: Harvard University Environmental Fellows Program December 9, 2020Oglethorpe University: Assistant Professor of Biology (Tenure Track) December 7, 2020Harvard University: Postdoctoral Fellow in Terrestrial Ecosystem Dynamics December 3, 2020University of Texas at San Antonio: Endowed Chair/Professorship in the College of Sciences in Data-driven Climate Change Impact Research November 30, 2020Université du Québec en Abitibi-Témiscamingue: Canada Research Chair Tier II in paleoecology November 23, 2020
News
Managing Ecosystem Restoration: What Does Success Look Like?
Systems ecology-based methods from the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) to advance effective large-scale restoration projects.
Read Post
Nebraska anglers are creatures of habit
A study published in Ecological Applications shows that seven popular fishing spots across Nebraska consistently attracted visitors from the same ZIP codes, providing key insights for natural resource managers.
Read Post
Worm and Crayfish mutualism effects entire stream ecosystems
A recent paper by researchers at Appalachian State University and Virginia Tech, published in the journal Ecology, shows how some small worms can influence entire stream ecosystems.
Read Post
View All News
Instagram
Submit to our Instagram