http://www.iol.org.uk/privacy-centre
Skip to main content
Chartered Instituteof Linguists
Home
About About CIOL
CIOL AGM 2020
CIOL Representation
CIOL Governance
Our commitment to ED&I
IoLET Governance
Senior Management Team
History of CIOL
Contact
Log in
Search
Find-a-Linguist
MEMBERSHIP
Join
Apply and join CIOL today
Benefits of membership
Member fees
Rejoin
Business and Corporate Partnerships
Meet our partners
Membership grades
Find your grade
Student Affiliate
IoLET Affiliate
Career Affiliate
Associate (ACIL)
Member (MCIL)
Fellow (FCIL)
Chartered Linguist
Become a Chartered Linguist
Benefits of chartership
Chartered Linguist check
CL Audit guidance
Membership team
Already a member?
Log in
My CIOL
Renew
Upgrade
Become chartered today
Professional conduct
Code of Professional Conduct
Investigation and Conduct Procedures
Policies
Customer commitment
Appeals
QUALIFICATIONS
Our qualifications
Diploma in Translation (DipTrans)
Diploma in Public Service Interpreting (DPSI)
Diploma in Police Interpreting (DPI)
Certificate in Bilingual Skills - Police (CBS - Police)
Certificate in Languages for Business (CLB) - updated information
Exams for schools
Real Lives
Exam preparation
Preparation resources
Find a course
Regulation
Ofqual & recognition
Candidate information
Policies
Calculated Results Information Summer 2020
Adaptations of assessment 2020/21
Exam centres
Find a centre
Information for centres
TRAINING
Webinars
Online workshops
NETWORKS & EVENTS
Divisions
Business, Professions & Government Division
Interpreting Division
Translating Division
Events
All events
CIOL Online Conference 2021
David Crystal Lecture
Awards
CIOL Awards
Societies
China Networks
German Language
Hong Kong
Lincolnshire
Midlands Network
Scottish
Spanish
Gloucestershire Network
Higher Education Language Partners
Join in
Volunteer with us
NEWS & BLOGS
News & Blogs
Covid-19
News
Blog
Policies & position statements
Brexit information hub
Jobs
Jobs
Advertise a job
RESOURCES & PUBLIC POLICY
Survey Reports
The Languages Professions
Careers & Qualifications
Building bridges
Guides
Interpreting in business and corporate environments
Navigating the path
A roadmap for interpreters
Health and wellbeing guide
Preparing for a Public Service interpreting assignment
Interpreting in Zoom
Financial skills for freelancers
British Council
British Council Reports
Education
Public Policy
BEIS Call for Evidence
CSR Proposal
MAC Review of the Shortage Occupation List
Response to the Home Office review 2019
The Linguist
Our journal
The Linguist
Archive
Selected articles
Subscriptions (non-members)
Editorial Board
Advertising
Print & digital
Media pack
My CIOL
Manage your membership
My CIOL – manage your membership
My CPD
My payments (renew online)
Manage Find-a-Linguist
Upgrade
Become chartered today
Benefits
List of benefits
Membership logos & link
Digital certificate
Log in/out
Log in / register
Privacy Centre
Your personal data
CIOL has always treated all personal data it receives with respect, ensuring it remains safe and secure. Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you have a legal right to understand how we use and protect your information.
Our Privacy Notice applies to CIOL, CIOL Qualifications and eCPD Webinars Ltd, a company wholly owned by CIOL.
Our Privacy Notice is presented below in easy to digest sections and explains what data we collect and how we store and use it. Alternatively, you can also download the full notice as a PDF or access a summary.
Privacy Notice
Introduction
We may change this privacy notice from time to time to reflect our privacy practices and further changes to the legislation. We therefore encourage you to regularly check this privacy notice for changes and updates. This policy was last reviewed on 28 February 2019.
CIOL and IoLET (its associated charity trading as CIOL Qualifications) have always treated all personal data received with respect, ensuring such data remains safe and secure. Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) introduced in May 2018 you now have a legal right to understand how we use and protect your personal data.
We may change this privacy notice from time to time to reflect our privacy practices. We therefore encourage you to regularly check this privacy notice for changes and updates. This policy was last reviewed on 28 February 2019.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This privacy notice applies to personal information collected and processed by us.
CIOL (and IoLET), registered office 167 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2EA, UK, are the data controllers of your personal data and we are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office ICO). You can contact us by post (to the above address) or by email or phone:
CIOL – membershipteam@ciol.org.uk
IoLET – qualifications@ciol.org.uk
Telephone - +44 (0)20 7940 3100
What this Notice covers
This Notice covers the qualification, examination and membership services we provide and the benefits of membership we offer. It does not cover any external websites which may be reached from links within our website (www.ciol.org.uk) or via our email communications. In such cases we will endeavour to make it clear that you are moving to another website; you should always read the privacy notice of any site you subsequently visit.
You are advised to read the Privacy Notice carefully. The Notice also applies if you are not a CIOL member or examination candidate and you interact with us, for example, by:
Applying for membership or entering for an exam
Registering for a CIOL event, to attend in person or online
Contacting our Membership Services or Client Services teams by telephone, email or any other means
Using our online website contact form to make an enquiry
Contacting one of our divisions, societies or networks via our website or by email
Our lawful basis for processing your data
We must have a lawful basis in order to process your data. There are six lawful bases for processing data, details of which can be found on the ICO website. We have determined the following as our lawful bases for processing your data:
Contract
We  require your personal data in order to:
Fulfil your membership with us, to make available all services and benefits of membership and to keep in touch with you about your membership. This lawful basis also applies to linguists who are in the process of applying for membership in any grade.
Process your exam entry and to keep you informed about your examination including notifications about the examination itself, your results, your final award and any subsequent enquiries about results and appeals (as applicable).
Legitimate interests
we will only use your data in ways you would reasonably expect in conjunction with:
membership
qualifications and examinations
studying a language or language specialism such as translating and interpreting
working as a language practitioner
relevant training opportunities
In addition, if you are a past examination candidate or lapsed member, we may use your personal data to keep you informed of news and updates. You can opt out of these communications at any time.
Keeping your data accurate and up-to-date
Membership (all grades)
It is important that the information we hold for you is accurate and up-to-date.
CIOL members can view the personal data we hold via their online My CIOL account. You can make changes in real time or alternatively you can contact the membership team on membershipteam@ciol.org.uk or by phone on +44 (0)20 7940 3100.
Examination candidates
If you are an IoLET Affiliate member you will also need to advise Client Services of the changes by email to qualifications@ciol.org.uk or by phone on +44 (0)20 7940 3100.
Non-members
If you are applying for CIOL membership (all grades), the data you supply in your application will be treated in the same way as the data we hold for CIOL members.
Data retention
Current members
We will retain and use your data whilst processing your application, whilst your membership is active and throughout the renewal period (up to six months after the date your membership is due for renewal).
Lapsed members
If you allow your membership to lapse, we are legally required to retain financial data for a period of seven years to comply with regulatory audit requirements. We will only retain your name, your unique CIOL number and the financial data associated with your membership record.
In addition, CIOL may contact you to invite you to rejoin or share with you CIOL news and updates; we will hold your data for up to three years for this purpose. When you join (or renew your membership) we will ask for your consent to keep in touch with you.
Examination candidates
Under legislative and regulatory requirements we retain sufficient evidence of exam candidates’ work or assessment decisions. Details of what information is kept, why it is kept and the retention period can be found in our Retention of Information policy which can be accessed here.
Security of data
All membership data is stored securely on our membership database. The systems are hosted domestically in the UK and the contractor, UKFast, is fully compliant with GDPR and ISOs 27001, 27018, 22301, 9001, 14001, Cyber Essentials+ and additionally hold an attestation of compliance as a PCI DSS Level 1 Service Provider. Staff access to data systems is managed stringently through the use of two-tier admin levels, two-factor authentication login processes and strict, automated password management.
Our membership database is integrated with our website, through which personal information flows, for example new applicants’ information will be submitted via the CIOL website.
If you are also taking an examination the information you provide on the examination entry form will also be securely stored on a separate qualifications database.
What kinds of personal information do we collect and how will we use it?
Members (including applicant members):
The personal information we collect depends on why you are engaging with us.
Membership:
We collect the following personal data as part of the membership application process:
Personal contact details such as title, full name, address, telephone numbers and email address
Date of birth
Nationality or nationalities (and previous nationality/nationalities)
A record of your contact with us e.g. advice given during the application process and as a member
CV (if submitted as part of the application or membership upgrade process)
Certificates and transcripts of results
Evidence of other professional memberships
Evidence of the type of work you do as a linguist and your work volume
Details of your mother-tongue(s) and your language(s) of qualification
IP address the application was submitted from
Once admitted into membership we will use your personal data outlined in (1) above to fulfill our obligations to you as a member and to deliver the benefits associated with being a member. Information detailed in points (2) to (9) above will form the basis of your membership record; we may need to refer to this information from time to time if, for example, you change your category of membership or apply to become a chartered linguist. Information under (10) above is not stored beyond the application form submission record.
Member check:
All members will appear on the public Member Check register, accessible from the home page of the CIOL website. Members can opt out at any time; please contact the membership team on membershipteam@ciol.org.uk.
Details which will appear on Member Check are:
Your name and any post nominals
The town, city where you live, plus your country of residence
Your native language(s)
Your language(s) of qualification
Your CIOL number
Your CIOL membership grade
The date you joined CIOL
The date your current membership will expire
Your membership status i.e. current
Whether you are chartered or not
If you are chartered, your professional specialism e.g. translation
Your chartered linguist registration number
Plus a link to your Find-a-Linguist listing (Find-a-Linguist is a public directory and is an optional benefit of CIOL membership).
Member Check provides you with a unique URL, which you can use to verify your membership. Members should be aware that their unique URL may be indexed by Google and your listing may appear in Google search results. If you do not wish to appear in search results we can add your URL to an exclusion file. Please contact the membership team by email membershipteam@ciol.org.uk to discuss.
Qualifications
We collect the following personal data as part of the examination entry process, with the exception of (6) which is collected for monitoring purposes:
Personal contact details such as title, full name, address, telephone numbers and email address
Your date of birth
Your current nationality
Your gender
Your source language and your target language
Your ethnic group
Your personal data outlined in (1) above is used to fulfill our obligations to you as an examination candidate and will form part of your candidate record along with points (2) to (5).
General enquiries
You may also give us your information by:
completing the Contact Us form on the website
calling us
sending us an email or letter
booking to attend an event
Using third parties within and outside the EEA
However you provide your personal information, we will never pass your details to any other company unless it is in relation to your examination e.g. an examination centre and/or to fulfill a benefit or service of membership, such as the fulfilment house we use to distribute CIOL’s professional journal The Linguist.
When data is passed to a third party, this is always under a formal agreement or legal contract and is on the basis that:
We  will only provide the information needed to perform the specific service
The third party only uses your data for the exact purpose or purposes we specify in our agreement or contract with them
The third party is also complying with current data protection legislation, as applicable and understands that your privacy is respected and protected at all times
If we stop using their services, any of your data held by them will be securely deleted or rendered anonymous
We also work with a range of IT companies who support our website and other business systems. We may also use your data for analytical purposes, in all such cases the data will be anonymised.
Access and your rights
Subject Access Requests
A Subject Access Request enables you to find out what personal data we hold about you. Personal data, as defined by the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), as data which relates to a living individual from which the individual can be identified.
If you wish to make a Subject Access Request this needs to be made either in writing or by email. We may subsequently ask you to complete an online form should the information you are requesting be of a complex nature.
Fees: There is no fee for an initial SAR unless the request is of a complex nature or is one of a number of requests relating to the same data subject. In such cases we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee.
What information are you entitled to under a Subject Access Request?
You can request all the information we hold about you.
In addition you are entitled to be:
told whether personal data is being processed
given a description of the personal data, the reasons it is being processed and whether it will be given to any other organisations or people
given a copy of the personal data; and
given details of the source of the data (where this is possible)
You can find out more about your rights by visiting the ICO website.
What is the time limit for responding?
We will aim to respond promptly to your Subject Access Request and in any event we will respond within the legal timeframe of one calendar month.
In addition you also have the following rights:
The right to rectification
You have the right to ask for inaccurate personal data to be rectified or completed it if it is incomplete. You can make a request for rectification either verbally or in writing. We will respond to the request as soon as possible; legally we have to respond within one calendar month.
Right to erasure (or right to be forgotten)
You can make a request for us to securely and permanently delete all personal information we hold about you in writing (by email) or verbally (by phone), which we legally have to action within one calendar month. Some information we are required to retain for regulatory purposes, specifically in relation to IoLET qualifications and financial records.
Right to restrict processing
You have the right to request the restriction or suppression of your personal data. There may be regulatory reasons why this is not possible in relation to qualifications and financial activity.
CIOL members can restrict the use of or suppress the use of their personal data via their online My CIOL account. Or you can make a request to us by phone or email; we have a legal obligation to respond within one calendar month.
Right to data portability
The right to data portability allows individuals to obtain and reuse their personal data for their own purposes across different services. This is normally in relation to the financial industry for example if you are with one bank and wish to move to another.
Right to object
The current legislation also states that you have the right to object to:
Processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling)
Direct marketing (including profiling); and
Processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics
We do not engage in the activities detailed in points (2) and (3). One of our lawful bases for processing your data is Legitimate Interest (see Lawful Basis for Processing Your Data above). We only use your data in a way you would reasonably expect and only in relation to your membership (or application for membership) and/or  entering for an  examination.
You can find out more information by visiting the ICO website
Our contact details
Members and applicants:
membershipteam@ciol.org.uk
+44 (0)20 7940 3100
167 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2EA, United Kingdom
Examination candidates:
qualifications@ciol.org.uk
+44 (0)20 7940 3100
167 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2EA, United Kingdom
Filing a complaint
Should you wish to file a complaint about the way we have obtained, stored or used your data, or the way we have handled requests for information under your legal rights please contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Manage your mailing preferences
CIOL members can also fine-tune the information you wish to receive from us (and what you don't) by managing your mailing preferences. You can update your preferences at any time and in addition you will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from mailings that are sent to you.
Cookies
As required by the legislation, we have conducted a Cookie Audit on our website.  Cookies are files used by the internet to help you utilise the website and we only use cookies to enhance the functionality of our site.  You are at liberty to disable cookies on your system but you may lose functionality. View CIOL's cookie policy.
Your legal rights summarised
1. A Subject Access Request (SAR) enables you to find out what personal data we hold about you. Personal data, as defined by the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), as data which relates to a living individual from which the individual can be identified.
If you wish to make a SAR this needs to be made either in writing or by email. We may subsequently ask you to complete an online form should the information you are requesting be of a complex nature.
There is no fee for an initial SAR unless the request is of a complex nature or is one of a number of requests relating to the same data subject.
2. You also have the right to ask for inaccurate personal data to be rectified or completed if it is incomplete. You can make a request for rectification either verbally or in writing. We will respond to the request as soon as possible; legally we have to respond within one calendar month.
3. You can make a request for us to securely and permanently delete all personal information we hold about you in writing (by email) or verbally (by phone), which we legally have to action within one calendar month. Some information we are required to retain for regulatory purposes, specifically in relation to IoLET qualifications and financial records.
4. You have the right to request the restriction or suppression of your personal data. There may be regulatory reasons why this is not possible in relation to qualifications and financial activity.
CIOL members can restrict the use of or suppress the use of their personal data via their online My CIOL account. Or you can make a request to CIOL or IoLET by phone or email; we have a legal obligation to respond within one calendar month.
For more information about your legal rights please read the above Privacy Notice or contact the membership team +44 (0)20 7940 3100 / membershipteam@ciol.org.uk or visit the ICO website.
How to complain
If you are dissatisfied with this policy, have queries about our data protection procedures or wish to lodge a complaint, please contact CIOL or IoLET in the first instance. Thereafter you have the right to submit a complaint to the Supervisory Authority (in the UK), the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow Cheshire SK9 5AF.
Find-a-Linguist
Search
Contact
Privacy
Terms & conditions
Use of cookies
Press & advertising
Jobs
Site map
The Chartered Institute of Linguists (CIOL), Incorporated by Royal Charter, Registered in England and Wales Number RC 000808.The IoL Educational Trust (IoLET), trading as CIOL Qualifications, Company limited by Guarantee, Registered in England and Wales Number 04297497 and Registered Charity Number 1090263.Registered Office: 7th Floor, 167 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2EA, United Kingdom.
mail
twitter
linkedin
facebook