http://www.econlab.arizona.edu/privacy
Jump to navigation
Privacy
Eller College of Management provides online information and access to resources for students, alumni, the business community, faculty, staff and the public.
This privacy statement provides information required by Arizona law about privacy, confidentiality and related policies for individuals who use the Eller College website(s).
Please note: The Eller College website(s) may link to external websites but does not endorse these sites nor take responsibility for their privacy or security practices.
Web Analytics
This website collects anonymous visitor data using Google Analytics which uses first-party and third-party cookies to measure website and campaign effectiveness. Google Advertising features we use may include:
Remarketing with Google Analytics
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
DoubleClick Platform integrations
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
To learn about Google's policy for securing Google Analytics user data please visit the following Google Analytics knowledge article.
You may opt out of Google Analytics tracking anytime by installing this browser extension.
Request More Information Submit Buttons
By providing my information and clicking the Submit button on Request More Information forms, you consent to be contacted via telephone (including a cell phone, if provided), email, text message and/or pre-recorded message by the Eller College of Management and the University of Arizona and its marketing affiliates. By providing your phone number, you consent and agree to receive ads or telemarketing messages via autodialed calls or robocalls/robotexts. However, you are not required to consent as a condition of purchasing any goods or services.
Information Collected by the Eller College
The Eller College does not obtain personal information about you when you visit our site unless you provide that information voluntarily.
Email and Form Information
If you send an email with a question or comment, your email address will only be used to reply to your question or comment. Requests for information may be forwarded or redirected to another University employee who may be in a better position to respond.
Website Traffic Information
The Eller College may record traffic information including but not limited to:
IP addresses of computers used to access our servers
Web content requested
Network software access
Referring Web pages
Browsers, platforms, and other computer settings used for accessing our Web content
Date, time, and duration of activity on our pages
Volume of data storage and transfer
This information in no way personally identifies anyone accessing our website content. The College may use this information to better understand our online audiences and enhance the functioning and integrity of the system, for example by diagnosing problems with our servers, assess what information is of most interest to our audiences, determining technical design specifications compatible with audience browsers, etc.
Security
Although every effort is made to secure network communications, the Eller College cannot ensure the privacy of online communications. Individuals using online services should take steps to protect personal information, such as closing their Web browsers after accessing the site.
College-owned or controlled computers and equipment are public property and may be examined by authorized individuals to detect improper, illegal, or non-governmental use, to evaluate the security of the network, or for other governmental purposes.
Please be aware that any information placed or stored in a College-owned or College-provided computer is subject to review by the university at any time.
UA Privacy and Security Information
The Eller College subscribes to the online privacy and security policies of the University of Arizona. Please review these policies for additional information and details.
If you have additional questions about online privacy or security, please view privacy.arizona.edu/privacy-statement.
For additional information, please contact us.
Return to the top of this page.