http://www.centreforenergy.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Centre For Energy (“Centre For Energy”) operates centreforenergy.com and may operate other websites. It is Centre For Energy’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Centre For Energy collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Centre For Energy’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Centre For Energy’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Centre For Energy may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Centre For Energy also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on centreforenergy.com blogs/sites. Centre For Energy only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Centre For Energy’s websites choose to interact with Centre For Energy in ways that require Centre For Energy to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Centre For Energy gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at centreforenergy.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Centre For Energy are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Centre For Energy collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Centre For Energy. Centre For Energy does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Centre For Energy may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Centre For Energy may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Centre For Energy does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Centre For Energy discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Centre For Energy’s behalf or to provide services available at Centre For Energy’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Centre For Energy’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Centre For Energy will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Centre For Energy discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Centre For Energy believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Centre For Energy, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Centre For Energy website and have supplied your email address, Centre For Energy may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Centre For Energy and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Centre For Energy takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Centre For Energy uses cookies to help Centre For Energy identify and track visitors, their usage of Centre For Energy website, and their website access preferences. Centre For Energy visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Centre For Energy’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Centre For Energy’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Centre For Energy, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Centre For Energy goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Centre For Energy may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Centre For Energy and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Centre For Energy may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Centre For Energy’s sole discretion. Centre For Energy encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a centreforenergy.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search
Recent Posts
7 Reasons Why You Should Invest In Renewable Energy
10 Facts You Probably Didn’t Know About Renewable Energy
10 Reasons Why Renewable Energy Is Taking The World By Storm
TruVision Supplements – Natural Body Energy Booster?