https://www.peer.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy GuaranteePEER’s website is intended to serve as a tool to inform users about our programs, field and media activities, to provide means for individuals to take action to help leave our children a healthy planet and help protect environmental whistleblowers. In course of providing this online service, information is exchanged between our server, online users and their browsers. On some places on this site, you may be asked to list your name, address, and other information. Our policy with regards to your personal information is listed below.Browser Information: Our Web server automatically recognizes domain names and e-mail addresses (where possible). We use this information to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your address also will be used to gather broad demographic information about our user community and how to best optimize our website to meet the community’s needs. All of this information is confidential and will not be shared with any party.Personal Information: In some places on this site — in particular the action alerts and e-mail list sign-on forms — you may be asked to list your name, address, and other contact information. Information we collect is intended to help us improve the contents of our site, and in case of action alerts, to provide decision-makers with necessary information about who is speaking out on a particular issue. All of this information is confidential and will not be shared with any party.Users who sign up for our e-mail lists will receive regular communications that are explained on the sign-up page for each list. We never share e-mail addresses with other organizations, unless you, the user, asks us to under very specific circumstances.If you join or donate to PEER, you will receive our regular membership communications as detailed in membership benefits. PEER will not trade, share or sell with anyone any personal donor information we have received from online or offline donations, except with the express permission of the donor.Contact Information: If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us. CONNECT:
Subscribe to PEERmail