http://www.kit.edu/legals.php
StartpageKIT
Karlsruhe Institute of TechnologyKITTopicsStudiesResearchInnovationCareerKITProfileOrganizationPeopleMediaCampus LifeLocations
Legals
Provider
Copyright
Disclaimer
References to External Webites
Data Protection and IT Safety
Provider
Provider of services in the sense of Art. 5 of the State Agreement on Media Services and Art. 55 of the German Act on Teleservices
Registered Office:
Karlsruhe Institute of Technology
Kaiserstraﬂe 12
76131 Karlsruhe
Germany
Phone: +49 721 608-0
Fax: +49 721 608-44290
E-mail:
info@kit.edu
Legal Form:
Corporation governed by public law
Authorized Representatives:
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Holger Hanselka (President of KIT)
Responsible for Content:Monika Landgraf
Head of Corporate Communications and Chief Press Officer of the KIT
Online editorial team
Email: internetredaktion@sek.kit.edu
Turnover Tax Identification Number: DE266749428
Copyright For the internet pages of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, the copyright and all other rights lie with the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Kaiserstraﬂe 12, 76131 Karlsruhe, Germany. Further dissemination, also in parts, for pedagogic, scientific or private purposes is allowed, provided that the source is indicated (unless otherwise expressly stated on the respective page). Use for commercial purposes shall require the approval by the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology. Contact the Strategic Corporate Development and Communications Department.
Disclaimer These internet pages serve for information only. Their contents were compiled with due diligence. However, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology shall not assume any liability, neither expressly nor implied, for the type or correctness of the material offered and shall not be liable (including liability for indirect loss or loss of profit) for the material or use of this material. In case contents of websites of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology violate valid legal regulations, we kindly ask you to inform us immediately. We will then remove the site or the respective contents as quickly as possible. † References to External Websites The websites of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology contain links to information offered by servers which are not subject to the control and responsibility of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology. Karlsruhe Institute of Technology shall not assume any responsibility or guarantee for this information and shall not approve of or support such information in terms of contents. † Data Protection and IT Safety
If you have further questions with respect to our data protection standards or if you wish to consult our public procedures register, please contact our Data Protection Commissioner. In case you wish to inform yourself about the concepts and technical implementation of our IT safety, do not hesitate to contact our IT Safety Commissioner