https://www.sae.org/about/legal-policies?tab=1
About SAE International
We are the leader in connecting and educating engineers while promoting, developing and advancing aerospace, commercial vehicle and automotive engineering.
Overview
History
Management
Leadership
Careers at SAE
Legal & Policies
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Content Policy
Intellectual Property
U.S. Export Compliance
Consultant Travel
Website Terms and Conditions
The following terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") govern your use of the website ("Site") of SAE International, a Pennsylvania not-for-profit corporation ("SAE"), and any services contained within the Site. These Terms and Conditions include SAE's Website Privacy Policy ("SAE's Privacy Policy"), SAE's Content Policy & Code of Conduct and any supplemental terms and conditions ("Supplemental Terms") that will govern your use of specific SAE services, such as the SAE Community and SAE Video ("Additional Services").
By accessing, using or downloading/uploading any materials from/to this Site, you agree to these Terms and Conditions. In addition, you agree to the applicable Supplemental Terms by accessing, using, downloading materials from or uploading materials to that Additional Service.
1. Copyrights. Unless otherwise noted, all information, text, articles, data, images, documents, software or other materials (collectively, "Materials") contained on any page within this Site are copyrighted by SAE or a third party (collectively, "IP Holder"). Title to copyright in the Materials will at all times remain with the IP Holder. You may only use, download or copy the Materials contained in the Site in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Any permitted copies of the Materials must retain the copyright notice, and any other proprietary notices contained in such Materials. Unless otherwise provided in the Terms and Conditions, you may not edit, modify, adapt or make use of the Materials without the express, prior written consent of SAE. You may not use any content contained in the Materials in any manner that may give a false or misleading impression or statement as to SAE, the IP Holder, or any third party referenced in the Materials. Nothing on this Site shall be construed as conferring any license under any IP Holder's intellectual property rights. You agree to use the Site and the Materials and services and products on the Site or accessible via the Site only for lawful purposes. SAE MAY REVOKE ANY OF THE FOREGOING RIGHTS, AS WELL AS ANY ACCESS AND USE AUTHORIZATIONS GRANTED TO USERS OF THE SITE AT ANY TIME. Except as specifically provided in these Terms and Conditions (including any applicable Supplemental Terms), any reproduction, distribution, replication or retransmission of any information contained on this Site without the prior written consent of SAE is strictly prohibited.
2. Privacy Policy, Content Policy & Code of Conduct.
SAE's Privacy Policy, Content Policy and Code of Conduct form a part of these Terms and Conditions. The Supplemental Terms contained in SAE's Privacy Policy, Content Policy and Code of Conduct include, but are not limited to, the collection, use, and sharing of personal information and the submission, posting and uploading of content provided in connection with the use of the Site and such Additional Services.
3. Liability Disclaimers & Limitations.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. THE CONTENTS OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE MATERIALS, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," AND SAE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE OR ITS CONTENTS. SAE DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, COMPLETENESS AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
DISCLAIMER OF ACCURACY. SAE DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE VIA THIS SITE IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE OR CURRENT. SAE RESERVES THE RIGHT TO ADD TO, CHANGE OR DELETE ITS CONTENT OR ANY PART THEREOF WITHOUT NOTICE. ANY PRICE OR AVAILABILITY INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. ADDITIONALLY, THIS SITE MAY CONTAIN INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES, WHICH INCLUDES, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE DOCUMENTS AND SOFTWARE. SAE MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY REGARDING THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TRUTH, QUALITY, SUITABILITY OR RELIABILITY OF SUCH INFORMATION. THE SAE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES CONTAINED IN ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY SUCH THIRD PARTIES.
LIMITATION ON LIABILITY. NEITHER SAE NOR ANY OF ITS MEMBERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES WILL BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THIS SITE OR ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES CONTAINED HEREIN, WHICH INCLUDES, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE MATERIALS, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY APPLIES TO ALL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSS OF DATA, INCOME, PROFIT OR GOODWILL, LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY AND CLAIMS OF THIRD PARTIES.
LIMITATION ON LIABILITY OF COPYRIGHT HOLDERS. IP HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSS OF DATA, INCOME, PROFIT OR GOODWILL OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE MATERIALS OR PERFORMANCE OR IMPLEMENTATION OF THE CONTENTS THEREOF.
4. Links to Third Party Sites. SAE is not responsible for the contents of any websites that are accessible via any link on this Site, or any changes or updates to the information contained in such sites. SAE provides the linked sites to you as a convenience and does not imply that SAE endorses the site, the organization operating such site, nor any products or services of that organization.
5. Export Restrictions. You acknowledge and agree that the Materials are subject to the U.S. Export Administration Laws and Regulations. Diversion of such Materials contrary to U.S. law is prohibited. You agree that none of the Materials is being or will be acquired for, shipped, transferred, or re-exported, directly or indirectly, to proscribed or embargoed countries or their nationals, unless authorized by the U.S. Government. You agree to comply strictly with all U.S. export laws and assume sole responsibility for obtaining licenses to export or re-export as may be required.
6. Confidentiality & Use of Information. Unless otherwise provided in the Terms and Conditions, any communication, comments, material or feedback with regard to contents on this Site transmitted by a user of this Site via electronic mail or otherwise shall be deemed to be non-confidential and SAE shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation. Further, SAE shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever including, without limitation, publication on the Site, or other SAE publications, and developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information.
7. Governing Law and Venue. Any action, proceeding, dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to this Site or these Terms and Conditions, or any SAE products or SAE services offered on or accessed via the Site, shall (i) be governed by Pennsylvania law, without regard to its conflicts of law rules and (ii) be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Pennsylvania or of the United States District Courts located within Pennsylvania, and you hereby submit to the jurisdiction of said courts.
8. Complete Agreement; Changes to the Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions represent the entire understanding relating to the use of the Site and prevail over any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional, communications. SAE shall have the right to revise and modify the Terms and Conditions at any time by posting the revised Terms and Conditions on the Site. Any use of the Site after such posting shall be deemed to constitute acceptance of the revised Terms and Conditions by the user.
9. Trademarks. "SAE International", the SAE logo, and other SAE logos and titles are trademarks or service marks of SAE. Nothing contained in the Site should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the Site without prior written permission of SAE or other trademark owners.
10. Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless SAE, its officers, directors, employees, members, agents and affiliates from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from your breach of the Terms and Conditions, including without limitation, the Supplemental Terms.
11. Termination. SAE may terminate this agreement and your access and use of the Site, or any portion of the Site, in the event of any conduct by you or through your account which SAE, in its sole discretion, considers to be unacceptable, or in the event of any breach by you of the Terms and Conditions.
12. Questions. Please email us at CustomerService@sae.org with any questions you have about these Terms and Conditions, including the SAE Privacy Policy.
SAE Product and Service Terms and Conditions
1. OFFER AND ACCEPTANCE. This Purchase Order is an offer to purchase and is limited to the terms and conditions contained herein. Acceptance of this Purchase Order is expressly and exclusively made conditional on Seller's assent to these terms and conditions. Any different or additional terms and conditions that may appear in Seller's acknowledgement or acceptance shall have no effect. SAE International ("SAE") expressly objects to and rejects all inconsistent or additional terms and conditions and limitations contained on any of Seller's forms or other writings. Seller may accept this Purchase Order only by executing and returning to SAE the acknowledgment copy hereof. If Seller shall, instead of accepting this Purchase Order, ship any goods or commence any services in response to this Purchase Order, SAE may at its sole election, either reject the tendered goods or treat such tendering of goods or commencement of services as constituting acceptance and assent to the terms and conditions hereof.
2. SHIPMENT OF GOODS. Shipment shall be made in accordance with any specific instructions from SAE on the face of this Purchase Order. In the absence of specific shipping instructions, shipment shall be routed via the most economical mode of commercially reasonable transportation available. Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by SAE, prices on the face hereof include all charges for packing, crating and shipping, and Seller is obligated to suitably pack, mark and ship all goods to prevent damage and to conform to requirements of common carriers. Notwithstanding any shipping, FOB or other terms or rights of SAE included herein, SAE shall have the right to return all freight-damaged merchandise to Seller and receive full credit therefore, unless said damage has been caused by the negligence of SAE.
3. DELIVERY OF GOODS/PERFORMANCE OF SERVICES. Time is of the essence. Delivery of goods shall be made in quantities and at the times(s) specified in this Purchase Order. Deliveries that are not made on the date or dates specified may be canceled or rejected by SAE. If any goods delivered do not conform to this Purchase Order, SAE may reject such goods or the entire lot received. Unless delay is due to causes beyond Seller's control, premium transportation costs to meet delivery schedules shall be at Seller's expense. If requested by SAE, Seller will mail a notice of shipment the same day goods are shipped. Performance and completion of services according to the schedule set forth in this Purchase Order is an essential part thereof. Seller's failure to perform the services in accordance with schedule requirements shall be considered cause for termination, such termination to be effective as to services not yet performed by Seller.
4. INSPECTION AND QUALITY CONTROL. Notwithstanding payment, passage of title, prior inspection or testing, all good and/or services are subject to final inspection and acceptance or rejection by SAE.
5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. Intellectual Property means any know-how, trade secrets, inventions (patented or unpatented), improvements, patent applications, designs, data, copyrights, trademarks, technology and information or advice, oral or in writing, and includes any material or products or services made, developed or created to SAE's design or specifications hereunder. In the event Intellectual Property is created or developed pursuant to this Purchase Order, Seller agrees that all Intellectual Property arising out of SAE's Confidential Information or otherwise in connection with this Purchase Order, shall be the sole and exclusive property of SAE. To the extent necessary, Seller shall assign all of its rights, title and interest in all intellectual property, including copyrights, created pursuant to this Purchase Order. Seller specifically authorizes SAE to take all necessary action to evidence the transfer of all other ownership rights from Seller to SAE.
6. WARRANTIES AND LIABILITIES. Whether or not Seller is a merchant of goods, Seller warrants that all goods provided by it: (i) shall be of good quality and workmanship and free from defects, latent or patent; (ii) shall strictly conform to all specifications, drawings and descriptions furnished, specified or adopted by SAE; (iii) if, of Seller's design, shall be free from design defects; (iv) shall be merchantable, suitable and sufficient for their intended purposes; and (v) shall be free of any claim of any third party. Seller also warrants that all services will be performed in a good, workmanlike and professional manner, in accordance with the specifications, drawings, samples, or other data or descriptions furnished or approved by SAE. NONE OF THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO SAE FOR THE BREACH OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING WARRANTIES MAY BE LIMITED EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT AND IN THE MANNER AGREED UPON BY SAE IN A SEPARATE AGREEMENT SPECIFICALLY DESIGNATING SUCH LIMITATION AND SIGNED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF SAE. NO LIMITATION ON LIABILITY OR ON DAMAGES FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY, BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHER LIABILITY SHALL APPLY, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT AND IN THE MANNER AGREED UPON BY SAE IN A SEPARATE AGREEMENT SPECIFICALLY DESIGNATING SUCH LIMITATION AND SIGNED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF SAE. SAE's inspection and/or acceptance of and/or payment of goods and/or services shall not constitute a waiver by it of any warranties. SAE's approval of any sample or acceptance of any goods and/or services shall not relieve Seller from responsibility to deliver goods and/or provide services conforming to specifications, drawings and descriptions.
7. INFRINGEMENT WARRANTY. Seller warrants that (i) neither the goods furnished or services provided hereunder, nor the sale or use thereof, will infringe any United States or Foreign Letters Patent, trademark, copyright, or other proprietary or similar rights; (ii) Seller will, at its own expense, defend any suit that may arise with respect to any aforementioned infringement or allegation thereof; and (iii) Seller will indemnify and hold SAE and/or its customers harmless from all loss and expense incurred on account of any alleged or actual infringement. SAE shall promptly notify Seller of any such infringement claim made against it. The warranty provided here shall not apply to goods or services to the extent such goods or services comply with specifications furnished by SAE. In the event that the performance of said services or use of said goods or any part thereof is enjoined, SAE at its election may require Seller, at Seller's sole cost and expense, to: (i) procure for SAE, within thirty (30) days, the right to continue using said services or goods or any part thereof; (ii) modify same so it becomes non-infringing; (iii) replace it with non-infringing services, goods or parts; or (iv) take back the goods and refund SAE's purchase price.
8. INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE. Seller shall indemnify and hold SAE, its officers, directors, members, staff and other representatives harmless, and at Seller's expense, defend SAE from all liability, loss and expense, or claims therefore, arising out of death or injury to any person or damage to any property, or any other damage or loss, by whomsoever suffered, resulting in whole or in part from any act or omission of the seller, its employees, agents or servants, alleged or actual defect, whether latent or patent, in goods or services sold to SAE hereunder including without limitation actual or alleged improper construction or design or failure to comply with specifications, or from the actual or alleged violation by such goods (or their manufacture, possession, use or sale) or services of any Federal, state or local rule, regulation or governmental order, or from the failure of such goods or services to comply with any express or implied warranty of Seller or with any of the provisions which govern Seller's performance under this purchase agreement provided that this indemnity shall be null and void to the extent such liability, loss or expense, or claim(s) therefore, results solely from the negligence of SAE. Seller must, at its own expense, obtain and maintain Comprehensive General Liability insurance, on an occurrence basis, with a limit of not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence/$2,000,000 aggregate combined single limit bodily injury/property damage (including products and completed operations coverage), Automobile Liability insurance no less than $1,000,000 combined single limit and Workers Compensation (statutory limits) coverage. Seller shall provide SAE with a current certificate of insurance reflecting evidence of coverage listing SAE as additional insured no less than 30 days in advance of deliverables.
9. PRICE, TAXES AND QUANTITIES. Seller shall furnish the goods and/or services called for by this Purchase Order in accordance with the prices and delivery/performance dates stated on the face hereof. Seller warrants that the prices charged for the goods covered by this Purchase Order will be as low as the lowest prices charged by the Seller to any other customers purchasing similar goods in the same or smaller quantities, and under like circumstances. Goods shipped under this Purchase Order must be shipped in the quantity ordered.
10. NONDISCLOSURE. Seller may have access to and become familiar with various trade secrets and other information that is believed to be confidential and proprietary to SAE and/or SAE's customers (collectively "Confidential Information") including, but not limited to, information relating to products, services, research, development, inventions, prototypes, techniques, devices, drawings, specifications, processes, financial information or other business strategies. For purposes of this Purchase Order, Confidential Information shall include the existence of this Purchase Order and the fact that Seller is furnishing SAE with the goods and/or services herein mentioned. Seller agrees that it/she/he shall not disclose Confidential Information to any third party or reproduce Confidential Information except with the prior written consent of SAE. Seller further agrees that it/he/she shall only use Confidential Information in connection with this Purchase Order. All files, records, documents, drawings, specifications, equipment and similar items relating to the business of SAE, whether prepared by Seller or otherwise coming into its possession, shall remain the exclusive property of SAE. Seller shall promptly return all Confidential Information furnished pursuant to this Purchase Order and any copies thereof, when requested by SAE upon termination of this Purchase Order, or as otherwise requested by SAE.
11. CHANGES. SAE reserves the right at any time prior to shipment to make changes to: (i) the specifications of any services to be performed and/or goods to be specifically manufactured for SAE, (ii) the methods of shipment or packing, (iii) the place of delivery/performance, (iv) the schedule of delivery/performance; and (v) reduce, increase or cancel the quantities ordered. If any such change causes an increase or decrease in the cost of or the time required for performance of this Purchase Order, an equitable adjustment shall be made in the contract price or delivery schedule, or both. Any claim by Seller for adjustment under this clause shall be deemed waived unless asserted in writing within ten (10) days from receipt by Seller of the change.
12. CANCELLATION AND REMEDIES. SAE may cancel this Purchase Order in whole or in part if: (i) the goods and/or services furnished do not conform to warranties; (ii) Seller fails to make deliveries and/or performs services as provided herein; (iii) Seller breaches any other term or condition herein; (iv) any representation by Seller proves to have been false when made; or (v) Seller is insolvent, a petition is filed for reorganization of Seller or for its adjudication as a bankrupt, Seller makes an assignment for benefit of creditors, and a receiver or trustee is appointed for any of Seller's assets or any other type of insolvency proceeding or formal or informal proceeding for the dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of affairs of Seller, is commenced. In the event of any such breach, SAE shall have the right, in addition to its other rights available under law or this Purchase Order: (i) to refuse to accept delivery of goods; (ii) to require Seller to immediately re-perform services at no additional charge; (iii) to require a refund of amounts paid by SAE; (iv) to recover any advance payments to Seller for unperformed services and/or undelivered or returned goods; and (iv) to purchase goods and/or services elsewhere and charge Seller with any loss incurred as a result thereof. Upon cancellation as aforesaid, SAE shall not have any liability to Seller except that Seller may charge to SAE only the allocable part of the price for conforming services performed and/or goods delivered, and not returned. In addition, SAE shall have the option of paying to Seller, Seller's actual costs for undelivered goods, in which event, such goods, whether in process or finished, and raw materials therefore, shall become SAE's property and shall be delivered to SAE as herein provided. In no event shall SAE be obligated to pay to Seller an amount greater than the price herein for said delivered and undelivered goods in total.
13. ASSIGNMENT AND SUBCONTRACTING. Seller agrees not to subcontract for any services, complete or substantially complete materials and/or supplies called for by this Purchase Order without the prior written consent of SAE. Seller may not assign this Purchase Order or any rights under this Purchase Order without the written consent of SAE, and no purported assignment by Seller shall be binding on SAE without such consent. No consent shall be deemed to relieve Seller of its obligations to comply fully with the requirements of this Purchase Order.
14. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. In performance of this Purchase Order, Seller shall comply with all applicable Federal, state and local laws, rules, codes and regulations for violation of which SAE may be liable including particularly the requirements of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, and any requirements for packaging, labeling, crating and registering for transportation. Seller will apply for and obtain, at its sole expense, all licenses, approvals and permits required by governmental and quasi-governmental authorities having jurisdiction over the performance of the services. Seller agrees to indemnify SAE, its customers and agents for any loss, damage or award sustained because of Seller's noncompliance with this paragraph.
15. EXCUSABLE DELAYS. Neither of the parties shall be held responsible for any delay or failure in performance hereunder caused by fire, embargoes, acts of the government in either its sovereign or contractual capacity, civil or military authorities, acts of God or by the public enemy, or other causes beyond their control and without their fault or negligence, provided, that Seller furnish written notice to SAE within five (5) days of the time Seller first receives knowledge of the occurrence of any such cause which will or may delay Seller's performance.
16. MISCELLANEOUS. Whenever Seller shall have in its possession any property of SAE, Seller shall be deemed an insurer thereof and responsible for its safe return to SAE. Whenever SAE has the right to demand of Seller adequate assurance of due performance, SAE shall be the sole judge of the adequacy of assurance given by Seller. No delay or omission by SAE in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall be a waiver thereof of any other right or remedy. No single or partial waiver by SAE thereof shall preclude any other or further exercise of any other right or remedy. All rights and remedies of SAE hereunder are cumulative. No course of prior dealings between SAE and Seller and no usage of the trade shall be relevant to supplement or explain this Agreement. This Purchase Order and any agreement resulting herefrom cannot be modified or amended without the written consent of SAE.
17. DISPUTES. The construction, interpretation and performance hereof and all transactions hereunder shall be governed by the domestic law of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Seller hereby consents that all legal proceedings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement shall be maintained in the appropriate state or federal courts located within the city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and consent that jurisdiction and venue for such proceedings shall be exclusively with such courts.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how SAE International (“SAE”, “we” or “us”) collects, uses, shares, and retains personal information that you provide to us, or that we collect, when you use our websites or related mobile applications, use SAE products and services and complete related forms, participate in SAE events, or communicate with one of our customer service representatives (“Personal Data”).
Our Privacy Policy applies to the following websites (“SAE Sites”):
sae.org
careercenter.sae.org
avsc.sae-itc.org
autodrivechallenge.com
saeaerodesign.com
saemobilus.sae.org
mylearn.sae.org
iaqg.org
bajasae.net
saecleansnowmobile.com
saemobilus.org
discover.saemobilus.org
wcx18.org
collegiatedesign.org
saeemergingtechnologyseries.com
discover.sae.org
saefoundation.org
wcx19.org
fsaeonline.com
connection.sae.org
sae-itc.org
aviation-ia.com
saeaeroconnectchallenge.com
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to websites of any other SAE affiliate, branch, section, chapter, group, or student group, such as SAE India, SAE Brasil, SAE China or JSAE, or to websites operated by organizations or groups who associate themselves with SAE or those that have hypertext links to or from the SAE Sites.
Please note that if you disagree with anything in this Privacy Policy, you must not use the Sites or mobile applications, or provide personal information to us in connection with SAE’s products or services.
Data Protection Contact
SAE is headquartered in Warrendale, PA, in the United States. You may contact SAE’s internal data protection resource if you have any questions or concerns about SAE’s policies or practices regarding Personal Data:
privacy@sae.org
SAE International
400 Commonwealth Drive
Warrendale, PA 15096, USA
Collection of Personal Information
A.  Information You Directly and Voluntarily Provide to Us.
Membership:  If you provide your Personal Data to SAE to become a member of SAE, or if you sign up to become a registered user of any website operated by SAE, you will be required to provide certain information as part of the registration process.  This information will include your first and last name, email address, and business or home address. We may also request that you voluntarily provide other information, such as your phone number, year of birth, gender, demographic information, educational background, work experience, or courses or areas of study in which you may be interested and information about your company as it relates to SAE’s products, services, and your SAE membership. Membership information is used to communicate with you, to design content and activities that we believe would be of interest to you, and to ensure that SAE will not violate any applicable U.S. sanctions in providing you access to SAE’s goods and services. If you wish to opt-out of receiving these communications from us, please follow the instructions contained in an applicable communication you receive from us and submit a request.
Events and Conferences: SAE may host events that include in-person and virtual conferences, training, knowledge sharing and webinars. If you register for a SAE event and you are an SAE member, we will access the information in your member account to provide you with information and services associated with the event. If you register for one of our events and you are not an SAE member, we will collect your first and last name, email address, business or home address, and the type of business you work for or with, which we will use to provide you with information and services associated with the event.
Publications: We offer various publications and materials through our Sites. These publications and materials are publicly accessible and you can create an account and subscribe to receive these publications and materials. If you are not an SAE member and you create an account for this purpose, you will be required to provide certain information as part of your account registration, including your first and last name, email address, and business or home address. You may manage your SAE subscriptions by subscribing or unsubscribing at any time. If you have any difficulties managing your subscription or other preferences, please inquire at privacy@sae.org.
Communications with SAE: If you communicate or correspond with us by email, through postal mail, via phone or through other forms of communication, we may collect the information you provide as part of those communications.  For example, if you respond to a survey request regarding a product or service that you have purchased from SAE, or for an SAE event that you have attended, or otherwise correspond with us through email, we may collect and store the email address and other personal information you provide with the applicable survey response or correspondence and use it to improve our product or service offerings or to otherwise respond to your inquiry; to notify you of SAE conferences, publications, or other services; or to keep a record of your survey responses, complaint, accommodation request, and similar purposes.
B. Information We Automatically Collect from You
We may automatically collect information about you when you use the Sites or our services. For example, if you access the Sites through a computer, we will automatically collect information such as your browser type and version, computer and connection information, IP address and standard web log information. If you access the Sites through a mobile device, we may also be able to identify the location of your mobile device. You may choose not to share your location details with us by adjusting your mobile device’s location services settings. For instructions on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer. The information that we automatically collect from you is used to enhance the performance of SAE’s Sites.
We may automatically collect information from you when you use the Sites using “cookies” and other similar technologies, such as web beacons. Cookies are small amounts of data that are stored within your computer’s Internet browser and that are accessed and recorded by the websites that you visit so that they can recognize the same browser navigating online at a later time. The cookies are not able to execute code or access other information stored on the computer. Web beacons are transparent pixel images that are used in collecting information about website usage, email response and tracking.
Information that may be collected by cookies when you use the Sites may include, without limitation:
the pages you visit within the Sites;
the date and time of your visit to the Sites;
the amount of time you spend using the Sites;
the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; and/or
your computer and connection information such as your browser type and version, operating system and platform.
This information is collected to enhance site performance and end user experience. You can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. To learn more about your ability to manage cookies and web beacons, please consult the privacy features in your browser.
SAE will not associate identifiers from cookies or similar technologies with sensitive identifiers about you, such as race, religion, sexual orientation or health.
C.  Information Collected by Third Parties through Third-Party Links and Content.
The Sites may include links to other websites and other content from third-party businesses and can offer direct interaction with external websites, networks or platforms that are outside SAE’s control. These third-party businesses may use cookies, web beacons or other similar technology to collect information about you. SAE does not have access to or control over these third parties or the cookies, web beacons or other technology that these third parties may use. We are not responsible for the security, privacy of the information collected by these third parties or the privacy practices of these third parties or the content on any third-party website.  You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of the different websites you visit and of the advertisers whose ads you may choose to click while on our Sites.
D.  Information Collected by Third-Party Analytics Services.
We may work with third-party analytics services to help us understand how the Sites are being used, such as tracking the frequency and duration of use of the Sites. We may use Adobe Analytics and Google Analytics, and web analytics services provided by Adobe and Google (“Analytics Tools”) to collect information about your use of the Sites. These Analytics Tools may use cookies to collect information about the content you view, what websites you visit immediately prior to and after visiting the Sites, and your system information and geographic information. The information generated by these cookies about your use of the Sites will be transmitted to and stored by the applicable analytics services. The information collected by these analytics services allows us to analyze your use of the Sites. The Analytics Tools may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Sites. If you cancel your SAE membership or withdraw your consent for the processing of personal information, SAE will not be able to access the personal information processed by third-party analytics. By using the Sites, you consent to the processing of data about you by Adobe and Google in the manner and for the purposes set forth above. You can opt-out of Google Analytics by installing Google’s opt-out browser add-on, and out of interest-based Google ads using Google’s Ads Settings.
E.  Information You Provide to Payment Processors.
All payments made to SAE are processed by a PCI-DSS compliant (these are payment card industry data security standards) payment processing service engaged by SAE. All information collected by these third-party providers for purposes of processing your payments is not available to us, unless you have otherwise provided this information to us in connection with your use of the Sites or our products and services.
F.  Personal Information Provided by Third Parties.
We may receive personal information about individuals from third parties. Our third-party partners may also share your personal information with SAE when you sign up for events, training courses or other activities through the applicable partner.
Use, Sharing and Retention of Personal Information
A. How We Use Your Information.
SAE uses personal information for the purposes described at the time of collection, to provide membership benefits and other services to you, including order processing or membership applications, or registering you for events, and to otherwise process your requests or address your inquiries, and to report to others about whether you are a member or not. SAE also uses your information, as permitted by law, to provide you with information about SAE, our products and services or other products and services in which we believe you may be interested. If you are a member or registered user, we may email you about products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. If you wish to opt-out of receiving these emails from us, please follow the instructions contained in an applicable email you receive from us, which will allow you to opt-out of receiving these types of email communications from us. We may also use your personal information to tailor your experience at our Sites, to compile and display content and information that we think you might be interested in, and to provide you with content according to these preferences. SAE may also use this information to help us understand our members’ needs and interests, to better tailor our products and services to meet your needs.
B.  How We Share Your Information with Third Parties.
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or when specifically agreed to by you, we will not disclose personal information we gather from you to third parties unless SAE is required to share this information to complete your request or for legitimate business purposes. SAE shares personal information in the following circumstances:
Third-Party Service Providers.  We may share your information with vendors or third parties who deliver or provide goods and services or otherwise act on behalf of or at the direction of SAE.  These third parties may include, for example, our third-party technology providers and event providers and partners, product-fulfilment companies, product survey providers and third-party event hosts, hotels for conference registrants, sponsors, co-sponsors and exhibitors. These third-party service providers will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf. If you do not wish to have your information included in an attendee list or to receive information from sponsors, co-sponsors and/or exhibitors, you can express your preferences when you register for events or you may contact SAE directly at privacy@sae.org.
SAE Events.  If you are an event attendee, speaker, or sponsor, certain items of your information may be included in the event roster, which will be publicly disclosed, and may also be shared with third-party event sponsors and exhibitors. Further, by registering and attending a SAE event, you agree irrevocably, with no compensation to you, that SAE or any third party who is acting on SAE’s behalf may create images, videos and/or sound recordings of you (“works”) at the event for marketing purposes. This grant of rights in the works also includes the rights to adapt, reproduce, distribute, perform, make available to the public, broadcast, retransmit or sublicense the works to SAE’s affiliates. This grant of rights in the works also includes all current and future media and is not restricted to time or territory.
Response to Subpoenas, Court Orders, Government Requests or to Protect Rights and to Comply with Our Policies. To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose your information to government authorities or third parties if: (a) required to do so by law or regulation, or in response to a subpoena or court order or any other enforceable governmental request or order; (b) we believe in our sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect against fraud, to protect the property or other rights of us or other users, third parties or the public at large; or (c) we believe that you have abused the Sites by using them to attack other systems or to gain unauthorized access to any other system, to engage in spamming or otherwise to violate applicable laws. You should be aware that, following disclosure to any third party, your information might be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law.
C.  Information for Individuals Located in the European Union.
Legal Basis for the Processing of Personal Information from European Union (EU) Residents and Citizens
If you reside within or are a citizen of the EU, our processing of your personal information will be legitimized as follows:
(i) Whenever we require your consent for the processing of your personal information such processing will be justified pursuant to Article 6(1) lit. (a) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”). This article in the GDPR describes when processing can be done lawfully.
(ii) If the processing of your personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and SAE or for taking any pre-contractual steps upon your request, such processing will be based on GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (b).”). If this data is not processed, SAE will not be able to execute the contract with you.
(iii) Where the processing is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation, we will process your information on basis of GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (c), for example complying in the fields of employment law.
(iv) And where the processing is necessary for the purposes of SAE’s legitimate interests, such processing will be made in accordance with GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (f), for example to detect fraud.
Transferring Personal Data from the EU to the United States of America (US):
SAE has its headquarters in the United States. Information we collect from you will be processed in the US. The US has not sought nor received a finding of “adequacy” from the European Union under Article 45 of the GDPR). A finding of “adequacy” in short means that the European Commission has decided that this country outside the EU ensures an adequate level of data protection. SAE relies on derogations as set forth in Article 49 of the GDPR as the United States has no “adequacy” decision and no other safeguards under the GDPR are in place (for example binding corporate rules on the transfer outside the EU). In particular, SAE collects and transfers to the US personal data only: with your explicit consent; to perform a contract with you; in a manner that does not outweigh your rights and freedoms. If this data is not processed and transferred, SAE will not be able to execute the contract with you or you will not have access to any or all of the benefits and features associated with your transaction. SAE endeavors to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your personal data and to use it only consistent with your relationship with SAE and the practices described in this Privacy Policy. SAE also minimizes the risk to your rights and freedoms by not collecting or storing sensitive information about you.
European Union Data Subject Rights
The EU GDPR and other countries’ privacy laws provide certain rights for data subjects (these are persons that can be identified).
This Privacy Policy is intended to provide you with information about what personal data SAE collects about you and how it is used.
If you wish to confirm that SAE is processing your personal data, or to have access to the personal data SAE may have about you, or have other questions, please contact us at privacy@sae.org.
You may also request information about the purpose of the processing; the categories of personal data concerned; who else outside SAE might have received the data from SAE; what the source of the information was (if you did not provide it directly to SAE); where the personal data is stored and how long it will be stored. You have a right to correct (rectify) the record of your personal data maintained by SAE if it is inaccurate. You may request that SAE erase that data or cease processing it, subject to certain exceptions. You may also ask SAE for your personal data to be supplemented or updated, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. You may withdraw your consent for the processing of personal data or the further processing of personal data by SAE at any time.  You may also request that SAE cease using your data for direct marketing purposes. In many countries (including EU countries), you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how SAE processes your personal data. When technically feasible, SAE will—at your request—provide your personal data to you or transmit it directly to another controller. You have the right to receive your personal information in a structured and standard format.
In addition to the information contained in this Privacy Policy, you may be provided with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of your personal data upon request.
Reasonable access to your personal data will be provided at no cost to SAE members, conference attendees and others upon request made to SAE at privacy@sae.org. If access cannot be provided within a reasonable timeframe, SAE will provide you with a date when the information will be provided. If for some reason access is denied, SAE will provide an explanation as to why access has been denied.
D.  Security of Your Information.
SAE uses reasonable physical, technical and administrative measures to safeguard personal information you provide through the Sites or in connection with SAE’s products and services.  Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, SAE cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit on or through the Sites and you do so at your own risk.
E.  Data Storage and Retention.
Your personal data is stored by SAE on its servers, and on the servers of the database management services SAE engages, located in the United States. SAE retains data for the duration of the customer’s or member’s business relationship with SAE and otherwise as required under applicable law. Personal data will be kept for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which your personal data are processed. We will retain your personal data as long as you are an SAE member or require our services so that we can provide these services to you.  With regard to product satisfaction survey results, SAE will retain your personal data for up to twenty-four (24) months to help improve our product and service offerings.
If you are located in or a citizen of the EU, at the moment you cancel your SAE membership or withdraw your consent for the processing of your personal information, all your personal data received and stored are erased if no longer needed by us, unless we are required to retain this personal data by law or to comply with our regulatory obligations. In such a case, we will only keep this personal data for as long as necessary. For more information on where and how long your personal data is stored, and for more information on your rights of erasure and portability, please contact our data privacy resource at privacy@sae.org.
Children
SAE is a professional membership association and the Sites are not directed to children under the age of 13. SAE does not knowingly collect personally identifiable data from persons under the age of 13 (COPPA - The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). If you are a parent of a child under 13, and you believe that your child has provided us with information about him or herself, please contact us at privacy@sae.org.
Modifications to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, SAE may need to update or modify this Privacy Policy, to reflect changes in our business practices, data collection practices or organization. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason, without sending the Privacy Policy to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Policy on the Sites, or, if you have provided your email address to us, sending you an email notifying you of the amended Privacy Policy. It is strongly recommended to check the Sites often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the top. We will in any case not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit and informed consent. If you do not agree to the changes, you should discontinue your use of the Sites, and cease providing personal information to us, prior to the time the modified Privacy Policy takes effect. If you continue using the Sites or provide personal information after the modified Privacy Policy takes effect, you will be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
Questions, Concerns or Complaints
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact SAE’s data protection resource at privacy@sae.org.
Content Policy and Code of Conduct
The website provided by SAE International ("SAE"), including but not limited to SAE Video and the SAE Community (collectively, "SAE Services"), is open to all points of view on intended business- and professional-related topics. Please interact with other users respectfully, as you would in any professional arena. If you disagree with the statements of another user, it is acceptable to engage in polite, mature debate. Name-calling, personal attacks, harassment, and other aggressive postings or behavior are not allowed.
Rules and Etiquette
The following content and conduct are not allowed in the SAE Services, and are cause for suspension or termination without prior notice. Your posts, uploads or other communications that include the following content or reflect prohibited conduct, as described below, may be subject to removal. By accessing or participating in the SAE Services, you understand and agree not to engage in, encourage, or otherwise support any of the following:
1. Illegal or fraudulent activity or any harm to the SAE Services or it users. You agree not to engage in, promote, or advocate any illegal activity or fraudulent schemes of any kind.
Do not submit content that you know is false, inaccurate, libelous, or otherwise misleading in any way, and do not mislead users or others regarding the origin of posted content.
Do not submit content that contains any computer viruses, worms, or other potentially damaging computer programs or files.
Do not intentionally impersonate or misrepresent your business or qualifications.
Do not post or transmit material that you do not have the right to post or transmit under law (such as copyright, trade secret or securities) or due to your personal contractual or fiduciary relationships.
Do not use the SAE Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair SAE's servers or networks, or interfere with any other user's use and enjoyment of the SAE Services.
Do not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any services, screen names, computer systems or networks, through hacking, password mining or any other means. SAE reserves the right to enlist any legal and/or technical remedies necessary to prevent the violation of this provision.
2. Profane, obscene, inappropriate, explicit, pornographic, and disruptive material of any kind - including masked profanity where symbols, initials, intentional misspellings, or other characters are used to suggest profane language - is strictly prohibited.
Threats, personal attacks, abusive, defamatory, derogatory, or inflammatory language, or stalking or harassment of any individual, entity or organization is strictly prohibited.
Discriminatory or hateful speech of any kind regarding age, gender, race, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, or disability is strictly prohibited.
Do not to engage in any spamming or excessive posting, or submit content that is disruptive, off-topic, deliberately intended to have a negative impact on the SAE Services or its users, or otherwise interfere with the ability of others to enjoy or comfortably use the SAE Services.
3. Common Courtesy, Complaints and Etiquette
Do not post any personal or identifying information about another person, including addresses, email addresses, contact information, or phone numbers, and use care in posting your personal or identifying information.
Maintain courtesy and follow good posting etiquette. Posting with ALL CAPS, HTML tags, or excessive typographic symbols may result in your post being removed.
Include a signature tag on all messages. Include your name, affiliation and location.
Do not engage in disruptive, antisocial or destructive acts, including "flaming," "spamming" and "trolling," as those terms are commonly understood.
Only send a message to the entire list when it contains information from which everyone can benefit.
Do not send administrative messages, such as 'remove me from the list.' Instead, use the web interface to change your settings or remove yourself from a list.
4. Solicitations and promotions and other commercial use
Posting unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, or pyramid or multi-level marketing schemes, or using automated means, including spiders, robots, crawlers, data-mining tools, or other means to download data from the SAE Services is strictly prohibited.
Do not obtain email address of SAE Services users with the intent to contact them directly to promote your business or services without express consent and approval of the users you are contacting.
Use caution when discussing products. Posted information is available for all to see, and comments are subject to libel, slander and antitrust laws.
5. Copyright and intellectual property violations
Infringement on any party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary rights, or right of publicity or privacy, is strictly prohibited and is the sole responsibility of the user.
By submitting any content to the SAE Services, you warrant and represent that you are the copyright owner of the content or that the copyright owner of the content has granted you permission to use such content consistent with the manner and purpose of your use.
Using the SAE Services to distribute unauthorized copies of copyrighted material, including photos, artwork, text, recordings, designs, computer programs, or derivative works of such programs is strictly prohibited and subject to removal.
SAE's intellectual property is its most valuable asset. As such, the Society expends considerable resources maintaining and protecting its rights to its intellectual property.
SAE reserves the right to copyright any of its print products, electronic products, databases, audio/visual products and any other subject matter. This is intended to protect SAE and its members from unauthorized copying and distribution of SAE intellectual property. SAE's intellectual property may only be used in a manner that furthers the organization's purposes.
It is also SAE policy that the copyrights and other intellectual property rights of third parties be respected and not infringed upon by SAE or any of its committees, or any employee, member or other person acting on behalf of SAE.
You can download a copy of our full policy on intellectual property here.
Understanding Copyright
SAE is a proud member of the Intellectual Property Alliance, which strives to educate users about the importance of respecting copyrights.
Watch these videos to learn more:
Understanding Copyright
What Are Counterfeit Standards?
Obtaining Permission to Use SAE Copyrighted Material
SAE International has partnered with Copyright Clearance Center to make it easier to request permissions to reuse SAE International content.
To request republication of content, please go to www.copyright.com and follow the prompts.
Enter the title, ISBN or ISSN number of the publication you’d like to reuse and hit "Go"
After finding the title you'd like, choose "Pay-Per-Use Options"
Enter the publication year of the content you’d like to reuse
Scroll down the list to find the type of reuse you want to request
Select the corresponding bubble and click "Price & Order"
Fill out any required information and follow the prompts to acquire the proper permissions to reuse the selected content
For questions regarding process or assistance from the Copyright Clearance Center in obtaining republication grants, please contact info@copyright.com or:
Copyright Clearance Center
222 Rosewood Drive
Danvers, MA 01923
Phone: +1-(978) 750-8400
Fax: +1-(978) 750-4470
For questions regarding process or assistance from SAE International, please contact copyright@sae.org.
Referencing an SAE Standard
The suggested format for referencing an SAE standard is as follows:
SAE AIR5665™A Architecture Framework for Unmanned Systems
SAE AS9100™C Quality Management Systems - -Requirements for Aviation, Space and Defense Organizations
SAE AMS2750™D Pyrometry
SAE ARP5412™A Aircraft Lightning Environment and Related Test Waveforms
SAE J1939™_200710 Recommended Practice for a Serial Control and Communications Vehicle Network
This information is intended as a quick reference guide briefly summarizing the U.S. Export Control Laws (as defined below). This summary is not authoritative and is not a thorough restatement of those laws. If you have any questions about U.S. Export Control Laws, contact your attorney.
SAE International ("SAE") is proud to have a network of members, volunteers and authors from around the world. Through this network, each year, SAE publishes thousands of technical papers, engineering standards and books, offers a wide array of professional development opportunities, hosts numerous meetings and exhibits worldwide and provides local networking opportunities. As a U.S.-based, non-profit organization, SAE takes seriously its obligations to comply with U.S. Export Control Laws, including the trade embargoes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the "OFAC Regulations"), the Export Administration Regulations (the "EAR") and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (the "ITAR") (collectively, "U.S. Export Control Laws"). Awareness of these U.S. Export Control Laws is particularly important for those SAE members, volunteers and authors who prepare publications or other materials for SAE. This page serves
The OFAC Regulations: The OFAC Regulations limit or prohibit most trade with specific countries, individuals and entities. However, SAE is able to offer access to most SAE materials and member benefits to all of its members, including to members in the OFAC sanctioned countries of Cuba, Iran and Sudan.
The EAR and the ITAR: The EAR govern "dual use" technologies - those technologies that are mainly designed for commercial or civilian uses but that can also have military applications. The ITAR govern military technologies - "munitions items," sometimes called defense articles and defense services, listed on the U.S. Munitions List.
SAE's openly available and published standards are not subject to ITAR and EAR regulations. As a professional engineering society, SAE itself does not develop or use any information, technologies or commodities controlled under the EAR or the ITAR. As such, SAE's openly available and published standards are not subject to ITAR and EAR regulations. SAE realizes, however, that many of its individual members, volunteers and authors, and their companies, may develop or use technologies or commodities controlled under the EAR or the ITAR. SAE expects that such individuals will comply with the EAR or the ITAR, as applicable, before sending or disclosing such publications or materials to SAE. Before SAE may accept or use any contribution from a member, volunteer or author, the individual shall certify in writing that such contribution is not controlled under the EAR or the ITAR. Each individual who offers such a contribution to SAE shall sign a copyright or similar transfer of right form incorporating a certification substantially similar to the following:
"I certify that, to the best of my knowledge and information, the enclosed information, technology or commodity is NOT controlled for export from the United States to any non-U.S. person or any other nation under the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (22 CFR Parts 120-130) or the Export Administration Regulations (15 CFR Parts 730-774) and, accordingly, may be modified, used, copied, distributed or circulated by SAE International, in whole or in part, without any export licenses under the foregoing regulations."
SAE members, volunteers and authors should regularly monitor the U.S. Export Control Laws. SAE reserves the right to update this page and SAE's policies and procedures as necessary. This summary is for purposes of convenience only and is not an authoritative summary of U.S. Export Control Laws.
SAE Consultant Travel Expense Policy
This travel policy applies to all U.S and International Consultants that travel on business for SAE International. (For consultants that travel on business for SAE ITC (Industry Technologies Consortia), please visit sae.org/about/legal-policies/itc-consultant-travel.) The document establishes procedures for Consultants to follow when business travel occurs. SAE will reimburse Consultants for reasonable expenses incurred while traveling on business for SAE International.
SAE permits choices in booking travel arrangements including air, hotel and car. Such choices include the following three options:
Using your own travel agency
Direct with an airline, hotel or car rental agency
Via any internet travel site
Air Travel
Consultants are to book the lowest logical coach or economy class airfare at the time of reservation for domestic or international flights. Consultant should try booking air travel well enough in advance to obtain a reasonably priced airfare. If advance approval is obtained, the Consultant can use an alternate mode of transportation and expenses incurred while in transit may be reimbursable but may not exceed what the cost of airfare would have been. Any special discount airfares with cancellation penalties must be approved by SAE prior to their purchase.
Driving Destinations (Private Automobile/Rental Car)
SAE normally requires Consultants to drive to business appointments that involve shorter distances. However, before making the final decision to drive, travelers should select the least expensive cost to SAE after calculating the fly versus drive expenses, along with costs for car, hotel, parking, and any other potential expenses.
The Consultant may drive, either by using his/her own private automobile, or by using a rental car. However, before making the final decision to use his/her own private automobile, travelers should select the least expensive cost to SAE after calculating the cost of using his/her own private automobile versus the use of a rental car.
Mileage reimbursement for the use of a private automobile will coincide with current IRS guidelines. Fuel when using a private vehicle is covered by the mileage reimbursement and should not be submitted for reimbursement. Consultants are expected to maintain adequate automotive insurance and, as such, assume full responsibility for all liabilities associated with such use.
For rental cars, SAE will cover the cost of a rental car (mid-size or standard size) plus fuel for the rental car. When renting a car, the Consultant must have a valid driver’s license and provide proof of insurance. Personal auto insurance should cover liability and personal injury, however the Consultant may want to verify his/her coverage prior to their trip. With these proper coverages in place, the insurance offered by the rental company should be waived. Consultants are required to reserve the lowest cost rental in the car size requested, regardless of whether on/off airport premises and regardless of the rental company offered. Any damage to the rental car must be covered under the Consultant’s own automobile insurance. SAE is not responsible for any physical damage to the rental vehicle while in the Consultant’s possession.
Tolls and parking will also be reimbursed for private or rental car.
Overnight Accommodations
Single rooms at moderately priced hotels are considered appropriate accommodations. Cost is usually determined upon the city and location so approximately $100.00 - $150.00 per night can be used as a guide. All hotel rooms should be guaranteed by credit card. SAE approval prior to travel is required for hotels which exceed the SAE preferred rates. Hotel room cancellations are the responsibility of the Consultant. Original receipts* from the hotel outlining details of the stay are required for reimbursement.
Transportation to and from Destination Airport
For reimbursement purposes, the origin of travel is the Consultant’s work location or personal residence, whichever occurs last. SAE will cover airport parking and reimburse mileage expense for distance traveled to and from the airport when using a personal vehicle. Check with SAE if you incur an expense not mentioned in this guideline. It is the Consultant’s responsibility to gain approval for any questionable expenses.
Travel Pay for Non-Exempt
For U.S. and International non-exempt Consultants who are required to travel for work will be paid for such travel time in accordance with federal, state, and local regulations. If the Consultant is traveling during normal work hours (9-5, M-F) they will be paid their regular rate. However, if the worker is traveling on nights and weekends, the Consultant will be compensated at the minimum wage rate per the location in which they reside. The origin of travel is the Consultant’s work location or personal residence, whichever occurs last. All time spent for such travel is counted as work time. If the Consultant is required to travel out of town, the time is compensable when travel occurs during normal working hours. For travel on a non-work day, if the travel occurs during normal working hours, the time is compensable. Any portion of authorized travel time that takes place outside the normal work hours is not compensable unless the Consultant is engaging in work. If traveling between time zones, the time in which the Consultant departs will be used to calculate the hours worked. State and local regulations will also be considered when applicable. Travel time between hotel and worksite is considered normal commuting time and is not eligible for compensation.
Meals
Meal costs, not to exceed $75.00/day (including tips), are covered. Original receipts* or original hotel bills must be submitted in which these expenses are listed.
Non-Reimbursed Expenses
Some expenses that SAE will not reimburse are alcoholic beverages, movies (in-hotel or in-flight), traffic violations/fines, personal entertainment, dry cleaning, spouse or guest costs, and no-show fees. This is not an exhaustive list and other personal items or expenses may not be reimbursable.
Personal Property
Consultants are responsible for their own personal property while traveling on SAE business. SAE will not reimburse for stolen, lost, damaged or destroyed personal property.
To receive reimbursement, original* receipts as outlined in this document must be submitted.
For Courses held at SAE’s Troy, MI Office (Professional Development Instructors)
Hotel – Instructors requiring overnight lodging are expected to stay at SAE’s designated hotel where preferred rates have been negotiated.
Meals – (1) instructors are expected to stay at SAE’s designated hotel which includes complimentary breakfast, (2) lunch is provided each day as part of the course, and (3) dinner will be reimbursed at actual cost to $35.00 per day.
Receipts
An original receipt is required for any expenditure, no matter what the purpose. Expenses without an original receipt will not be reimbursed.
Original receipts are needed for reimbursement of meals, parking, hotel, and, if a paper airline ticket was used. If an electronic airline ticket was booked, SAE will accept a forwarded e-mail receipt, or a computer printed receipt. The receipt page must indicate that the ticket was paid for with a credit card. Most of the on-line sites will list on their receipt page the type of credit card used (Mastercard, VISA, American Express…). Note that most times this payment information does not show on a “Confirmation” or “Itinerary” page, so SAE asks that you find and forward the “Receipt” page. SAE will accept a faxed receipt copy from a car rental company. If submitting mileage for reimbursement, please submit a breakdown of miles traveled to and from the work destination or event. This could be the total mileage experienced, the to and from locations, or even a map between locations detailing the travel.
X