http://www.westminstercollege.edu/about/risk-management/campus-security/workplace-violence-prevention-policy
Workplace Violence Prevention Policy
Home
About
Risk Management
Campus Security
Workplace Violence Prevention Policy
In This Site
Toggle navigationIn This Site
Crime Reporting
Improper Activity Reporting
Security Education and Prevention
Security Procedures
Sex Offender Registry
Workplace Violence Prevention Policy
Procedures
Rules and Responsibility
It is the responsibility of all employees to create and maintain a workplace free
from threats and acts of violence. An individual who observes violence taking place
or feels there may be an immediate threat to someone's safety should call 2525 for
Campus Patrol assistance from any Campus phone or 801.832.2525 from an off-campus
or cellular phone. If the situation escalates into an emergency the employee is to
call 911 for police assistance. Any employee who becomes aware of a display of violent,
abusive or threatening behavior, or a threat by another employee, must also report
such behavior to his/her supervisor.
In other than an emergency, any employee should contact Human Resource Services or
Campus Patrol for consultation or assistance if they believe there is an emerging
potential threat to someone's safety or to property. Callers needing advice after
College offices are closed should call 911 for Police assistance from any Campus Phone
or cellular Phone or 2525 Campus Patrol.
All employees (faculty and staff) are encouraged to report any violation of the workplace
violence (WPV) policy to a supervisor and should complete a Workplace Violence Incident
Report. Supervisors are required to report any violations to Human Resources. The
employee may be requested to document their experience and observations in order to
facilitate the handling or resolution of the situation.
If a workplace violence incident has occurred, Human Resources will consult with the
victimized employee and may consult with the immediate supervisor to develop and implement
individualized workplace safety plans, which may include, when necessary and appropriate,
advising co-workers of the situation; setting up procedures for alerting security
and/or campus patrol; monitored parking; escort for entry to and exit from the building;
addressing telephone, fax, e-mail or mail harassment; keeping a photograph of the
abuser and/or a copy of any existing court orders in a confidential on-site location
and providing copies to security personnel and other staff where it is appropriate
and necessary to do so as determined by Risk Management; working with Human Resource
Services to temporarily relocate the victim to a secure area or voluntary transfer
or permanent relocation to a new office, if appropriate; working with Human Resource
Services in implementing further administrative/personnel measures as appropriate.
An Incident Review Team (TABIC), comprised of representatives from Human Resource
Services, Risk Management, Campus Patrol and other departments as appropriate, shall
be convened as necessary to review specific reports of workplace violence.
Accountability for Employees Who Are Offenders
Corrective or disciplinary action, statutes and regulations may be taken against an
employee, or other member of the College community, who is found to have threatened,
harassed, or abused any individual at the workplace, from the workplace, or any business
using any workplace resources such as work time, workplace phones, computers, FAX
machines, mail, e-mail, or other means. Reports of incidents of workplace violence
will be taken seriously and dealt with appropriately. Individuals who commit acts
of workplace violence may be removed from the premises by Police and/or may be subject
to disciplinary action, criminal penalties, or both.
Weapons
Pursuant to Utah State law, only Law Enforcement personnel, as defined in the penal
code, may carry firearms on College Property.
Employees are required to immediately report to Campus Patrol any knowledge of, or
information regarding, any possession of a weapon in the workplace.
Training and Communication
Training on workplace violence and its impact on the workplace is required of all
employees at New Employee Orientation which is facilitated by Human Resources.
Existing employees are provided training on an annual basis. This training is conducted
by Risk Management.
Mandatory training for new supervisors includes a module regarding workplace violence.
Training curricula is developed and provided by appropriate College units including
Human Resource Services, Employee Assistance Program, Campus Patrol, and Safety Department.
The purpose of training is to prepare staff to identify possible cues and indicators
of victimization, make appropriate referrals, work with professionals to assist identified
victims in safety planning, and develop appropriate individualized responses.
Management and Supervisory Responsibility
Managers and supervisors are to set a tone communicating that workplace violence is
behavior that is not tolerated and that the College provides information and support
to employees who are victims of such abuse.
Managers and supervisors are to follow the policy and procedures set forth in this
Policy and subsequent programs to this end.
Human Resources will be responsible for disseminating the Westminster’s Workplace
Violence Prevention Program to all new employees.
Campus Patrol are responsible for responding to, intervening, investigating and documenting
all incidents of violence in the workplace reported or referred to them. Interviews
with outside law enforcement or regulatory agencies will be arranged through the Department
of Safety or Campus Patrol.
Incident Reporting and Investigation
All incidents, including potential incidents, of workplace violence should be reported
within 24 hours or as soon as possible following the occurrence.
A "Workplace Violence Incident Report Form" must be completed by the victim, or the
victim's supervisor if the victim is unavailable, for all incidents. The supervisor
is to ensure that the employee completes other reports, such as a worker's compensation
claim if applicable.
The completed Workplace Violence Incident Report Form should be sent by the employee
or supervisor to Human Resources for all incidents occurring on Campus. Human Resource
shall coordinate review of incidents with the Incident Review Team (TABIC).
Where there is a reasonable basis to believe that an employee involved with a workplace
incident may be the subject of disciplinary action, a copy of the Incident Report
will be provided to Labor Relations.
After review, the incident report may be provided to the Workplace Violence Prevention
Team (can be the same as TABIC), which is charged with evaluating incidents referred
to them and if appropriate, make recommendations to prevent future similar occurrences.
RecordKeeping
Accurate records of all workplace violence incidents will be maintained by Human Resources
and the Campus Patrol. All incident report forms will be kept in accordance with State
record retention guidelines.
Reports of injuries shall be maintained in accordance with applicable laws and regulations,
including Utah Department of Labor and Federal OSHA laws and regulations.
Workplace Violence Prevention Team
Workplace Violence Prevention Team, which includes representatives from the Office
of Environmental Health and Safety, Campus Patrol, Human Resources, Risk Management,
is established for the following purposes:
Establish and implement the Workplace Violence Prevention Program;
Identify factors present in the workplace that might place employees at risk of workplace
violence, and make recommendations for improved safety if appropriate;
Follow hierarchy of control measures by eliminating or reducing any hazard first through
substitution or design, then by administrative controls, or then by personal protective
equipment, as applicable.
Review incidents of workplace violence to identify areas of concern;
Review the Workplace Violence Prevention Program annually and update if appropriate.
Risk Evaluation and Assessment
The College has identified the following occupations on the Campus as potentially
high risk for workplace violence:
Working in areas that are open to the public;
Working late night or early morning hours;
Handling the exchange of money with the public;
Working alone or in small groups;
Uncontrolled access to the workplace; and
Areas of previous security problems
The Workplace Violence Prevention Team will annually review previous incidents of
violence and conduct assessments within specific units/departments.
Existing records, including survey results, will be reviewed and analyzed to identify
patterns and factors that may indicate the causes and severity of workplace assaults
and homicides that may place employees at risk.
Records may include but are not limited to the following:
Employee Injury Reports
Workplace Violence Incident Report
Campus Patrol Reports
Domestic Violence Reports
Grievance Actions
The Workplace Violence Prevention Team shall evaluate work locations of employees
to determine the presence of hazards which could place employees at risk of occupational
assaults and institute hazard control measures when indicated.
Appendix I: Action Chart
Response Procedures
Emergency
Non-emergency
A situation is an emergency if:
1)an injury has occurred OR
2)there is an immediate threat of physical harm
You should consider your personal safety first in all emergency situations. If possible,
you should use the following response procedure.
A threatening non-emergency situation is defined as:
One person, through intimidating words or gestures has induced fear and apprehension
of physical or other harm
to another person but there is no immediate danger of such harm being inflicted.
Step 1:
First person on the scene quickly assesses the situation and risk.
Step 1:
Employee immediately notifies supervisor.
Step 2:
First person on the scene calls for security/medical assistance and ensures needs
of injured are met. Employee must also immediately notify supervisor of the situation.
Step 2:
Supervisor conducts preliminary inquiry and makes prompt report to the Director Human
Resources.
Step 3:
Supervisor will immediately assess whether there is an emergency situation and make
prompt report to their supervisor or if they are unavailable the Director of Human
Resources.
Step 3:
If there has been serious misconduct or criminal behavior by an employee, the Director
of Human resources will contact Law Enforcement and take no further action. Or
If there is no immediate threat of violence and no serious misconduct or criminal
behavior by an employee, the supervisor will continue investigation, resolve/mediate
matter, initiate disciplinary action, if appropriate and make referrals to Human Resources,
as appropriate.
Step 4:
The supervisor, in an emergency situation where there is an immediate threat of violence,
will ensure that local or County police and medical personnel have been notified
Step 4:
Supervisor ensures that a written summary report of the incident and all actions taken
is prepared and submitted within three business days to Human Resources, and to Risk
Management.
Step 5:
Proceed with Non-Emergency Response Procedures, Steps 3-5.
Step 5:
If an emergency situation develops, follow steps for emergency response procedure
©