http://www.cryo-cell.com/privacy-policy
(800)786-7235
Live Chat
Get Started
Clients
Providers
Languages
Englishespañol
Toggle navigation
Why BankCord Blood BankingCord Tissue BankingThe Benefits of BankingThe Banking ProcessPrivate vs. Public BankingFrequently Asked QuestionsWhy Cryo-CellFeatures & BenefitsProcessing TechnologyReviews and TestimonialsCompare Cord Blood BanksTransplant RecordTreatments and ResearchAbout Stem CellsTreating DiseasesVideo CenterCord Blood Education LawsStem Cell NewsStem Cell InsiderPricingAboutThe CompanyInternational AffiliatesEvents & ConferencesCryo-Cell NewsBlogContact UsGet Started
Search for:
Privacy Policy
Cryo-Cell International, Inc. Privacy Policy
At Cryo-Cell, we are sensitive to the private nature of the personal information you provide to us over the Internet. To address any privacy concerns that you may have, we want you to know the type of information that is collected by Cryo-Cell and how we use collected information.
Your Consent to This Privacy Policy
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully for a description of how we treat your personal information, as well as the steps we take to protect your privacy. By using this web site, you signify that you consent to our use of information collected on this web site in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any term in this Privacy Policy, please do not provide any personal information on this site. However, if you choose not to provide personal information, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features on this site, such as requesting additional information, e-mailing us, or enrolling online.
The Information We Collect
When you visit our site, you will have the opportunity to provide personal information to enable you to take advantage of the many features and services that we offer, such as requesting additional information or enrolling online. This data may include information that could reasonably be used to identify you personally, such as your name, street address, telephone number, credit card information, screen name, email address, or any other personally identifiable information. Please be assured that unless you volunteer to submit this information yourself, we will not collect any information from your visits to our site by which you could be identified personally.
We may also collect personal information from you about a third party. For instance, if you refer a friend to Cryo-Cell or purchase Cryo-Cell's service as a gift for someone else, we will ask for contact information for this person. Please note that we will use such information about a third party only for the purpose for which it was provided (e.g., follow-up with the referred person).
In addition to information that you submit voluntarily, we also collect some information automatically to help us measure the performance of our site. During your visit, we may automatically collect and temporarily store information about your browser type, operating system, IP address, the domain and host from which you access the Internet, the date and time you arrived at our site, how long you spent on the site, and the pages that you visited. This information helps us improve and customize our web site in favor of our customers. Please be assured that this information will be used and analyzed only in the aggregate and will not be used to identify any individual visitor.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We will use personal information that you provide only for the purposes indicated to you when you provided it. We will not disclose, sell, rent, loan or exchange your personal information to any other individual, organization or entity except to the extent necessary to provide the information or services you have requested, unless you are first notified and expressly agree to it, or as otherwise required by law. All of our business partners have agreed to comply with our Privacy Policy.
If you become a Cryo-Cell client, we will share some or all of the information you provide with our business partners in order to facilitate the services you have selected. For example, Cryo-Cell will notify your OB and your hospital that you will be preserving your newborn's cord blood and/or cord tissue with Cryo-Cell. We will share some of your contact information with our courier service to facilitate the pick-up and drop-off of your cord blood unit. We will share personal information with the laboratory that we use to process and test your blood samples and to store the cryopreserved cord blood or cord tissue.
As a general rule, we will not disclose your personal information to an unrelated third party for any purpose not related to the services we offer without first getting your express consent. There are a few exceptions, however. If you received a gift or were referred to Cryo-Cell, and you choose to enroll, we will share that fact with the person who made the referral or purchased your gift package. We will not give that person any other information about you or your use of our services.
In addition, in certain limited circumstances, Cryo-Cell may be legally compelled to release your personal information in response to a court order, subpoena, search warrant, law or regulation. In the event that we are compelled to disclose personal and/or health-related personal information to a third party, we will notify affected users unless doing so would violate the law or court order. Cryo-Cell reserves the right to cooperate with law enforcement authorities, and to use or disclose personal information to the extent necessary to investigate any attempt to misuse this site or to harm other site users.
A Special Caution About Email
When using our site you will have the opportunity to exchange email with us or to send us your resume if you wish to apply for a job. You may also email information about our services to a friend. Before you do any of these things, please be aware of the limits on the confidentiality of computer forms and email:
Information you exchange with us using these methods may not be secure. Any information that you create or receive on your employer's computer or through your employer's network may be the legal property of your employer. Your employer may review and save this information or turn it over in response to a legal subpoena. Keep in mind that if you email an article found on our website about a disease or condition to a friend who receives email at a work address, you could be revealing sensitive information about your friend's medical condition or health interests to that friend's employer. We urge you to use your best judgment whenever you communicate with email.
Changing Your Personal Information
We want to be sure to keep the contact information that you provide to our site accurate and up-to-date. You also have the right to request that we delete this contact information if you choose not to enroll and no longer wish to be contacted.
To make changes to your personal or contact information, or to request that we delete the information that you have provided to us through the website, please send an email to the following address:
webmaster@cryo-cell.com
Or write to us at:
Cryo-Cell International, Inc.
700 Brooker Creek Blvd.,
Suite 1800
Oldsmar, FL 34677
If you have any questions, feel free to contact us by calling 1-800-786-7235 or clicking here.
Notice to California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information.
Sale of Personal Information
We do not “sell” your personal information as we understand that term to be defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act and its implementing regulations. We have not sold your information in the past 12-months.
Non-Discrimination Rights
California residents have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising their rights as described in this section. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your CCPA rights.
Your Rights With Regard to Your Personal Information
Right to request access to your personal information
Right to request that we delete your personal information
How to request access to and deletion of your personal information
To request the details and sources of information we collect and to answer any questions regarding our Personal Data processing practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer at webmaster@cryo-cell.com.
You may also submit a request by completing the California Consumer Privacy Act Data Request Form.
Please allow for up to 45 days to fulfill your request.
Changes in Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back periodically. Please be assured that if the Privacy Policy changes in the future, we will not use the personal information you have submitted to us in a manner that is inconsistent with this version of the Privacy Policy without your prior affirmative consent.
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Privacy Policy|
Sitemap|
Contact Us
FACT Accredited Cord Blood Banks
AABB Accredited Cord Blood Facilityies
FDA Cord Blood Banking Information for Consumers
Cryo-Cell BBB Accredited Business Profile