http://www.psyclick.org.uk/privacy
stuff for prospective clinical psychologists
(Skip navigation)
This site will work and look better in a browser that supports web standards, but it is accessible to any browser or internet device
Accesskeys are available
Home
About
What's new
Articles
Thoughts
Courses
Groups
Forum
Reading
Links
Jobs
Feedback
Contact
Downloads
Search
Contribute!
Access info
Updated 22nd September 2006
... to do cancer research
Privacy policy
What does this policy cover?
The following privacy policy only covers www.psyclick.org.uk / forum.psyclick.org.uk . Other links within this site to other websites are not covered by this policy.
What information does this site collect about me?
psyclick.org.uk does not automatically capture or store personal information, other than logging the user's IP address and session info, such as the duration of the visit and the type of browser used. This is recognised and gathered by the web server and is only used for system administration, and to provide statistics which the administrator uses to evaluate use of the site. Website logs are not personally identifiable, and I make no attempt to link them with the individuals that actually browse the site.
If you would like to see what kind of information the web server collects, please look at the results of this Google search.
What about cookies?
psyclick.org.uk does not use cookies for collecting user information from the site. The only exception to this is for use of the forum, which uses phpBB software. The cookies it produces hold user login information and enable housekeeping functions.
If you want to use the forum or receive email updates about this site, you will be asked for personal information. In each case, I will only use the personal information you provide to deliver the services you have explicitly asked me for.
If I give you my email address, what will you do with it?
If you contact me by email or the contact page (giving your email address), I will only use your address to reply to you. I will never sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease email addresses to anyone. Email updates are sent so as not to divulge the subscribers' addresses to anyone.
Of course, you are welcome to contact me anonymously, for example by Sneakemail. Note that no email is truly private unless it is encrypted, which is why I provide PGP and X509 keys on my contact page.
Summary
In case you are left in any doubt, I value privacy when using the internet, which is reflected in this policy.
Glossary
Browser
Used to locate and display web pages via a software application. The most popular ones are Microsoft Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator. You might also be interested in Mozilla or Opera.
Web server
A computer on the internet which delivers (serves up) web pages to your computer.
Cookie
Message given to a web browser by a web server. The message is then stored by the browser in a small text file. Each time the browser requests a page from the server, this message is sent back. A cookie's main objective is to identify users and personalise their visit by customising web pages for them. for example by identifying their username when using the forum.
IP address
A number that identifies your computer if you are connected to the internet. It may look something like 198.184.98.9
Back to the top
Please support this site
Copying and privacy policies