http://www.astronomy.net/privacy.html
Astronomy Net Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Astronomy Net website and
reviewing our privacy statement. Our privacy policy is clear: We will collect no
personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to
provide that information to us.
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website:
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read
pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information
about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you
personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information
about your visit:
The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private
Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a
university's domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is
automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from
which you access our website;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
If you linked to the Astronomy Net website from another
website, the address of that website.
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors - to
learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our
visitors are using. We do not track or record information about individuals and
their visits.
If You Send Us Personal Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information, as in an e-mail to the
Secretary or someone else or by filling out a form with your personal
information and submitting it to us through our website, we use that information
to respond to your message and to help us locate for you the information you
have requested. We treat e-mails the same way that we regard letters sent to the
Astronomy Net. We maintain many documents and logs, but we do not collect
personal information for any purpose other than to respond to you. We only share
the information you give us with another entity if your inquiry
relates to that entity, or as otherwise required by law. Moreover, we do not
create individual profiles with the information you provide or give it to any
private organizations unless otherwise noted. The Astronomy Net does not collect
information for commercial marketing unless otherwise noted.
Links to Other Sites
Our website has links to many web sites. In a few cases we link
to private organizations. Once you access another site
through a link that we provide you are subject to the privacy policy of the new
site.
Website Security
Information presented on the Astronomy Net website is considered public information
and may be distributed or copied. Use of appropriate byline/photo/image credits
is required.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains
available to all users, this computer system employs software
programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to
upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts
are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are
used for no other purposes.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this
service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and
Abuse Act of 1986 and the National
Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
Comments or Questions
If you have any comments or questions about the information presented here
please forward them to Webmaster