http://www.paulmckenna.com/terms
Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Thin
Sleep
Confidence
Hypnotic Gastric Band
Ultimate Golf Success
Terms and Conditions
Payment
To secure your transaction we use Authorize.net, so all transaction are handled by them and are very safe.
Data
When you place and order, all personal data provided to us will be used in accordance with data protection laws and our privacy policy.
Our Promise
We will use all reasonable care and skill in providing the products you order under this agreement. Any decision you make having received any of our products are your own and you remain wholly responsible for any decisions and actions you take.
Legal Notice
Warning: The information, techniques and exercises provided within these products are for educational purposes only. Do not use the techniques or exercises contained within some of these products whilst driving or operating machinery, or if you suffer from epilepsy, clinical depression or any other nervous or psychiatric condition. The information provided is not a substitute for proper medical advice. If in doubt, please consult your doctor or licensed medical practitioner.
Privacy policy
McKenna.com takes your privacy seriously. In general, we use the personal information that we collect from you to identify personal preferences and match your needs with relevant products, and process any orders that you may make through our website.
Note: This policy only applies to websites hosted at and comprising part of the service and not to the companies, individuals, organizations or other websites to which there are links.
Consent
Your use of this website signifies your consent to us collecting and using personal information about you as specified below in accordance with this Policy. Should we choose to change our Policy for any reason, the changes will be posted here, so that you are always kept informed of how we collect and use your personal information, and when we may disclose it.
How do we collect information about you and how is it used?
You may provide personal information when communicating with us.
You may order a product and give your name, email address, delivery address, credit or debit card number and expiry date so that the order can be processed and your products delivered to you. Sometimes you may be asked for your telephone number.
If you enter a competition or promotion we will ask for your name, address and email address.
We will collect information about your tastes and preferences both when you tell us what these are and by analysis of customer traffic, including by using cookies
It may be that some of the personal information you give us (for instance about your lifestyle or health) is sensitive personal data within the meaning of the Data Protection Act 1998. Any such information ("sensitive information") will only be dealt with as described below.
It may be that you provide to us details of credit or debit cards or bank accounts in order to make payments to us. Any such information ("confidential financial information") will be dealt with as described below.
We may use personal information collected about you to personalise your visits to our website and recommend goods or services to you. We also use the information to help us develop the design and layout of our website to ensure that our sites are as useful and enjoyable as possible.
We may use personal information collected about you to let you know about functionality changes to our website or changes to our terms and conditions of use.
Sometimes we or our affiliated companies* might use the personal information collected about you to let you know about, new goods, services or offers that you might find interesting. If you do not wish to receive this information, please send an email to the support@mckenna.com
With the exception of sensitive information and confidential financial information, your personal information may also be sold, traded or licensed to third parties (including third parties who may be located outside the European Economic Area) in order to enable them to send you details that they think will interest you. By submitting your personal information to us you consent to this transfer. If you do not wish to receive this information, please send an email to support@mckenna.com
Your use of this website signifies your consent to us collecting and using personal information about you as specified below in accordance with this Policy. Should we choose to change our Policy for any reason, the changes will be posted here, so that you are always kept informed of how we collect and use your personal information, and when we may disclose it.
By registering on this website you agree that we may use your email address to contact you from time to time with special offers, including those offered by third parties that we believe may be of interest to you. You can unsubscribe at any time by visiting http://club.mckenna.com/unsub.aspx?pid=43
Traffic data
We may provide aggregate statistics about our sales, customers, traffic patterns and other site information to third parties, but these statistics will not include any information that could personally identify you.
Other disclosures
McKenna.com reserves the right to access and disclose individually identifiable information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, to operate its systems properly or to protect itself or its users.
How do we protect your information?
McKenna.com has strict security procedures covering the storage and disclosure of your information in order to prevent unauthorised access and to comply with the Data Protection Act 1998. This means that sometimes we may ask you for proof of identity before disclosing any personal information to you.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your computer's hard drive by your web browser. On revisiting this site our computer server will recognise the cookie, giving us information about your last visit. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but usually you can alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance. If you choose not to receive cookies, you may still use many features of our website.
Customer feedback and complaints
We welcome your questions and comments about privacy issues and the design of our website. Should you have such comments or have a complaint about how we are using your personal data, please send an email to support@mckenna.com
Company address:
8383 Wilshire Blvd., Suite #500 Beverly HIlls, CA 90211
About Paul McKenna
Over the past twenty years, Paul McKenna, Ph.D has helped people lose weight, quit smoking, overcome insomnia, eliminate stress and increase their self-confidence.
Find out More
Subscribe to the Newsletter
Enter your Email Address Below to receive the latest News!