https://www.lucideon.com/legal-information/cookies
Lucideon home
Lucideon Assurance
Contact us
UK +44 (0)1782 764428
US 919-504-4900
Legal Information
You are here: Home »
Legal Information » 	Cookies
Share:
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that a web server places on a computer to automatically collect information about how a website is used. Our use of cookies is discussed in detail below. For more general information about cookies, please visit www.aboutcookies.org.
First Party (Lucideon) Cookies
Through browsing our site, the following cookies may be placed on your computer:
Cookie PurposeGoogle Analytics
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. Further informationA1WebStats
As with Google Analytics, these cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and their visitor paths on the Lucideon website.A1WebStats Privacy PolicyCommuniGator
Lucideon uses the CommuniGator marketing automation platform, which uses the following cookies on client websites:
Analytical cookies - they allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Marketing cookies - these are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences. These cookies also record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and communications sent more relevant to your interests.Further informationCraft CMS
These cookies are used by the Craft CMS software application to collect information about how visitors use our site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form.Further informationThird Party (Other Sites') Cookies
In addition to the above cookies, the following sites may set their own cookies whilst browsing our site.
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
These cookies will generally only be set if you are signed in to (or have been signed into) a matching account and are generally linked to the use of the Social Media buttons on our site and many others throughout the web. The use of these cookies is likely to have been detailed in each of these sites' Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policies. Please see links below for further details:
Facebook Privacy Policy
Twitter Privacy Policy
LinkedIn Privacy Policy
Your Cookie Choices
Although we believe that cookies pose little threat to your privacy, we understand that you may still want to turn them off. Whilst we would encourage you to keep our first party cookies enabled (so that we can make your on-site experience better), the following links provide guidance on how to manage cookie permissions through your browser's settings. This includes instructions on how to delete existing cookies and block them from being set in the future:
Firefox: Enable and disable cookies that websites use to track your preferences
Safari: Managing Cookies
Google Chrome: Manage cookies
Opera: Security & Privacy in Opera
Internet Explorer: How to manage cookies in Internet Explorer 9, How to delete cookie files in Internet Explorer
Declining cookies is unlikely to have an impact on the performance of our site; however, if after changing your browser settings you do experience difficulties in using our website please notify us using the contact details below.
Legal Information
Overview
UK
North America
Cookies
Social Media
Lucideon logo
Created with Sketch.
LinkedIn
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook