http://www.signingbaby.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyINTRODUCTIONWe understand how important privacy is.We want to ensure that our readers feel as safe as possible when browsing our website.We will never share your personal information with anyone else.Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By visiting and using the Site, you agree that your use of the Site, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Privacy Policy. Because the Web is ever evolving, We may need to change our Privacy Policy at some point in the future, in which case I’ll post the changes to this Privacy Policy on the Site and update the Effective Date of the policy to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy please use our contact form.LOG FILESLike many other websites, we use log files to help learn about when, from where and how often traffic flows to this site. The information in the log files include:Internet Protocol addresses (IP)Types of browserInternet Service Provider (ISP)Date and time stampReferring and exit pagesNumber of clicksAll of this information is not linked to anything that is personally identifiable.COOKIES AND WEB BEACONSLike nearly all Websites, we store “convenience” cookies on your computer whenever you leave a comment. These cookies record the name, and email address that you enter when you submit a comment so that you won’t have to re-type that information the next time you leave a comment.Third-party advertisers may also place and read cookies on your browser and/or use web beacons to collect information. We have no access or control over these cookies. You should review the respective privacy policies on any and all third-party ad servers for more information regarding their practices and how to opt-out.If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your web browser options.Instructions for doing so and for other cookie-related management can be found on the specific web browsers’ websites.AMAZONAmazon, a third party affiliate marketing network, uses cookies to help make sure we get a commission when you buy a product after clicking on a link or ad banner that takes you to the site of one of their merchants. You can read Amazon’s Privacy Policy.GOOGLE ANALYTICSGoogle Analytics is a web analytics tool we use to help understand how visitors engage with this website. It reports website trends using cookies and web beacons without identifying individual visitors. You can read Google Analytics Privacy Policy.GOOGLE SITE STATSTo measure performance, Google uses small strings of text (known as cookies) that are placed on your computer when you click on ads. Cookies typically remain active on your computer for about 30 days. If you visit certain pages of the advertiser’s website during that period, Google and the advertiser will be able to tell that you saw the ad delivered by Google. You can read more about Google Site Stats here.GENERAL DATA PRIVACY REGULATION (GDPR)The GDPR takes effect on May 25, 2018, and is intended to protect the data of European Union (EU) citizens. If the data that you provide to us in the course of your use of the Site, content, products and/or services is governed by GDPR, we will abide by the relevant portions of the Regulation.If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) or are accessing this site from within the EEA, you may have the right to request: access to, correction of, deletion of; portability of; and restriction or objection to processing, of your personal data. This includes the “right to be forgotten.”To make any of these requests, please get in touch with using our contact form.AFFILIATE DISCLOSUREIn order receive some payment for the costs associated with running this website, we participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon stores worldwide.