http://www.mti-global.org/termsandconditions
Skip to main content (Press Enter).
Sign in/Request Access
Skip auxiliary navigation (Press Enter).
Contact UsTerms and Conditions
Skip main navigation (Press Enter).
Toggle navigation
Content types
AnnouncementsBlogsCommunitiesDiscussionsEventsGlossarySite ContentLibraries
Date range
on this day
between these dates
Posted by
HomeCommunities All CommunitiesTAC ForumMy CommunitiesDirectoryMembershipAboutResources
Terms and Conditions
Community Rules & Etiquette and Privacy Guidelines
Revised July 31, 2019
Materials Technology Institute Inc. (“MTI”) thanks
you for being part of one or more of our online communities (“Communities”). To
ensure the best possible experience for all members, we have established some
basic rules, terms and conditions for participation.
By joining and using any of the Communities, you agree that you have read and
will follow these rules, terms and conditions. You also agree to reserve
discussions and shared files and content to that best suited to the medium. The
Communities provide a great medium with which to solicit the advice of your
peers, benefit from their experience, and participate in an ongoing conversation.
Questions should be directed to our member services department via the Contact
Us link on this site.
Please take a moment to acquaint yourself with these important rules, terms and
conditions. If you have questions, contact the member services department. In
order to preserve an environment that encourages both civil and fruitful
dialogue, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate membership in this
community for anyone who violate these rules, terms and conditions.
The
Rules, Terms and Conditions
1.     Respect others. Focus on
the content of posts and not on the people making them. Please extend the
benefit of the doubt to newer guests and members; there’s no such thing as a
stupid question.
2.     Respect the purpose of the Communities.
Use the Communities to share successes, challenges, constructive feedback,
questions, and goals instead of products or services that you provide. If
you’ve found a product or service helpful, please share your experience with
the group in a respectful way.
3.     Use caution when discussing
products. Information posted on the discussion groups and in the libraries is
available for all to see, and comments are subject to libel, slander, and
antitrust laws.
4.     All defamatory, abusive,
profane, threatening, offensive, or illegal materials are strictly prohibited.
Do not post anything that you would not want the world to see or that you would
not want anyone to know came from you.
5.     Respect intellectual
property. Post content that you have personally created or have permission to
use and have properly attributed to the content creator.
6.     When posting items in our
collaborative environment, please indicate if the item is not available for
reuse. It’s also advisable to contact the owner of any material if you would
like to reuse it.
7.     Post your message or
documents only to the most appropriate communities. This helps ensure all
messages receive the best response by eliminating "noise."
Discussion
Group Etiquette
·
State concisely and clearly the topic of your
comments in the subject line. This allows members to respond more appropriately
to your posting and makes it easier for members to search the archives by
subject.
·
Send messages such as "thanks for the
information" or "me, too" to individuals, not to the entire
list. Do this by using the "Reply to Sender" link in every message.
·
Do not send administrative messages, such as
“remove me from the list,” to the group. Instead, use the web interface to
change your settings or to remove yourself from a list. If you are changing
email addresses, you do not need to remove yourself from the list and rejoin
under your new email address. Simply change your settings.
The Legal Stuff
This site is provided as a service for the members of Materials Technology
Institute Inc. (“MTI”).  MTI is not
responsible for the opinions and information posted by others on this site
(including in any of the Communities). We disclaim all warranties with regard
to information posted on this site, whether posted by MTI or any third party,
including any and all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness. In no
event shall MTI be liable for any special, indirect, or consequential damages
or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data, or profits, arising
out of or in connection with the use or performance of any information posted
on this site.
Any user of the website or the community shall not post any information or
other material protected by copyright without the permission of the copyright
owner. By posting material, the posting party warrants and represents that he
or she owns the copyright with respect to such material or has received
permission from the copyright owner. In addition, the posting party grants MTI
and users of this site the nonexclusive right and license to display, copy,
publish, distribute, transmit, print, and use such information or other
material.
Messages should not be posted if they encourage or facilitate members to arrive
at any agreement that either expressly or impliedly leads to price fixing, a
boycott of another's business, or other conduct intended to illegally restrict
free trade. Messages that encourage or facilitate an agreement about the
following subjects are inappropriate: prices, discounts, or terms or conditions
of sale; salaries; profits, profit margins, or cost data; market shares, sales
territories, or markets; allocation of customers or territories; or selection,
rejection, or termination of customers or suppliers.
Any
user of the website or the community shall not post any defamatory, abusive,
profane, threatening, offensive, or illegal materials.  MTI does not
actively monitor the site for inappropriate postings and does not on its own
undertake editorial control of postings. However, in the event that any
inappropriate posting is brought to the attention of MTI we will take all
appropriate action.
MTI reserves the right to terminate access to any user who does not abide by
these guidelines.
Materials Technology Institute Inc. (“MTI”)
respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your Personal Information.  This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”)
describes the types of Personal Information we may collect from you in the
normal course of business, including when you use our website (“Website”) or
the Communities, the ways in which we collect information from and about you,
and how we may use such information.    This Privacy Policy may be amended from time
to time.  When we do, we will post the
revised policy on this page on the Website with a new “Last Updated” date.
By using our services, by accessing or using
our Website, or by providing any Personal Information to us via any means
(whether through the Website, e-mail and/or any other mode), you are accepting
this Privacy Policy and our Rules, Terms and Conditions set forth above, and
you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information
as described in this Privacy Policy.
Collection
and Use of Information
In
the normal course of business, you may provide and we may collect information about
you, such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, business
contact information, title, country of residence, financial information, and
other personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”), as well as
information about your business and website browsing information, from the
following sources:
·
Information we receive from you in
communications, at meetings or conferences, or in writing;
·
Information about your transactions with us,
membership registration, member access to the Website and Communities, and
related profiles and user accounts;
·
Information we may receive from third parties;
and
·
Cookies information from your visits to our
Website. Further information regarding cookies is provided below, and in our
Cookies Policy.
We
may use such information for the following purposes:  transactions between our firm and you (i.e., billing and payment for
membership, etc.), administration of the Website and Communities, to process
your requests and answer your inquiries (or otherwise communicate with you), marketing
and business development, sending of newsletters and/or legal advisories and
updates, consolidation of information relating to members, matters incidental
to the purposes of the uses set out above, and other legitimate and lawful
purposes, where permitted by applicable local law.
We may
also use cookies in connection with our Website for limited purposes.  A "cookie" is a small data text
file that is placed in your browser and allows us to recognize you each time
you visit this site (personalization, etc.). Cookies themselves do not contain
any Personal Information, and we do not use cookies to collect Personal Information.
Cookie information helps us make our Website work in a more user-friendly way
and improves the speed and security of the site.  Cookies may also allow us to gather data
about our Website, such as the number of visits, most visited pages, etc.  Cookies may also be used by 3rd party content
providers such as news-feeds.  You may
disable or refuse to allow cookies, but that might limit the accessibility and
functionality of the Website.  For more
information, please refer to our Cookies Policy.
The
Website is not directed at children and we do not knowingly collect Personal
Information from children.  Children
should not send any Personal Information to us via the Website.
Protection of Personal
Information
We
make reasonable efforts to protect Personal Information.  Personal Information will not be released, disclosed,
sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of our organization
except as noted below.
We
maintain reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to guard
your Personal Information.  We restrict
access to Personal Information to our personnel who need to have the
information to provide services to you or administer the Website or Communities.  This may include providing access to third
party service providers, as noted below.
We
do not undertake to store or retain your Personal Information for any longer
than is reasonably necessary or required by applicable laws.  Files or records with Personal Information
may be destroyed at any time after the expiry of the applicable retention
period, except those files or records you ask to be delivered to you.
While
we make reasonable efforts to protect Personal Information, information communicated
to us via the non-secure portion of our Website (i.e., via “Contact Us”) may not be secure.  Please do not send via the Website any electronic
communications or general inquiries that contain confidential Personal
Information. While we do our best to protect your Personal Information, we
cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us via
the internet and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any
passwords or other account information.
With Whom Do We Share Personal
Information We Collect
·
Our Service Providers.  We may share Personal Information with
companies (including our affiliates) that perform services on our behalf, for
example, companies that help process credit card payments in connection with
transactions with us, help organize conferences for us, and assist us with
administration of our Website. Our service providers are required by contract
to protect the confidentiality of the Personal Information we share with them
and to use it only to provide specific services on our behalf.
·
Business Transfers.  Personal information may be transferred to
another entity (either an affiliated entity or an unrelated third party) in
connection with a merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar corporate
event. If such a transfer were ever to occur, the acquiring entity’s use of
your Personal Information will still be subject to this Privacy Policy.
·
Government and Legal Disclosures. We may disclose Personal
information we collect through this Site, when we, in good faith, believe
disclosure is appropriate or required to comply with the law (or a court order
or subpoena); to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or
identity theft; to enforce our Rules, Terms and Conditions or other agreements
that govern your use of the Website and Communities; or to protect the rights,
property or safety of our company, our users, or others.
External Sites & Links
to Third Party Sites
We are not responsible for the content of external internet sites. You are
advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any
personal information.
Our Website may contain links to other websites, or other sites or services may
be accessible through our site.  Please
be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other
websites and by linking to such websites we are not endorsing their content or
practices.  Such websites may have
separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we
disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions. We
encourage you to be aware when you access any such third-party links and to
read the privacy policies of each website that you access.  Please contact those third-party website
operators or vendors directly if you have any questions about their privacy
policies.
Right
to Access and Other Rights
Subject
to applicable law (for example, if you are located in the European Union with
rights under the General Data Protection Regulation), you may have one or more
of the following rights with respect to Personal Information:  the right to request access to such
information; the right to request correction of such information; the right to
request deletion or erasure of such information; the right to request
restrictions on our processing or use of such information; the right to object
to our use under certain circumstances; the right to withdraw consent under
circumstances when consent is required for any use of such information; and the
right to obtain such information in portable form.  In certain circumstances in any European
Union member state, you may have the right to lodge a complaint with the
applicable data protection authority.
While
you cannot opt-out of receiving notifications and other communications
regarding your account or your transactions, you can opt-out of receiving
newsletters, promotional e-mails or other marketing communications from MTI by
contacting us at mtiadmin@mti-global.org. Please note that there might be a brief delay between
when you submit your request to "opt-out" and when it is processed
and reflected in our systems; accordingly, you may continue to receive
communications from us for a limited time after you unsubscribe.
If you
would like to request access, modification, correction, or deletion of Personal
Information that you have provided to us or that you believe we may have
collected about you, please contact us at mtiadmin@mti-global.org.
Acknowledgement
and Consent.
By accessing
and using our Website and by providing any Personal Information (including any
sensitive Personal Information) to us via any means (whether through the
Website and/or email addresses and/or any other contact mechanisms), you
acknowledge that you have read and accept this Privacy Policy and you consent
to our use of your Personal Information in accordance with this Policy.  Please do not send us any Personal
Information if you do not want that information to be used by us in the manner
set out in this Privacy Policy.  Please
do not access or use our Website for any purpose if you do not agree to this
Privacy Policy.  We reserve the right to
terminate or limit your access to our Website.
Contact
Us
If you
have any concerns relating to your data privacy or the use or possession of
your Personal Information, or if you have any questions or requests about our
privacy practices, please contact mtiadmin@mti-global.org.
Materials
Technology Institute Inc. (“MTI”) respects your privacy and is committed to
protecting your personal data. Our firm uses cookies on our website (the
“Website”) for certain limited purposes. This policy explains how cookies are
used on the Website. The policy may be amended from time to time. When we do,
we will post the revised policy on this page on the Website with a new “Last
Updated” date.
What
are Cookies And How Cookies Are Used
Cookies
are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you
browse Websites that can recognize you when you revisit and remember certain
information about you. This can include pages you have visited, choices you
have made from menus, any specific information you have entered into forms, and
the time and date of your visit. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from
other Website users, which helps us to enhance the user’s experience and
improve our Website functionality.
We
use cookies in connection with our Website for limited purposes.  Cookies may also allow us to gather data
about our Website, such as the number of visits, most visited pages, etc.
Cookies also help with the following:
·
Make our Website work in a more user-friendly
way;
·
Improve the speed and security of the site;
and
·
Allow you to share pages with social networks
like Facebook.
We
do not use cookies to:
·
Collect any personally identifiable
information (without your express permission);
·
Collect any sensitive information (without
your express permission);
·
Pass data to advertising networks;
·
Pass personally identifiable data to third
parties; or
·
Pay sales commissions.
Our
Website uses two types of cookies to improve the functionality of our site and
to deliver many of the features that make your browser experience more
user-friendly. These are described in more detail below.
·
Our own cookies.  We use cookies in ways that help our Website
function more effectively. These cookies identify whether you have visited us
before or are a new visitor; and your search settings, which help us to
understand which areas of the website are of greatest interest to you. These
cookies are required for the operation of our Website. If you do not want these
cookies to be set, you should not access or use our website for any purpose.
·
Social Website Cookies. Our website contains
links to Facebook, Twitter and other similar social media sites that enable you
to “Like” or share the content of our website with other people via social
media. When you use these “share” buttons, a third-party cookie is installed.
The privacy implications on this will vary from social network to social
network and will be dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on these
networks.
Some
web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” (DNT) signals to websites with which
the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate
and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for
these signals to be transmitted, or whether they are even aware of them. We
currently do not change our tracking practices in response to DNT settings in
your web browser.
Granting
Us Permission To Use Cookies
By
clicking the “I agree” button or by continuing to use our Website after you
have received this cookies notification, you give us your permission to use
cookies. However, removing or changing settings may limit the accessibility and
functionality of our website, which means that it may not work as you would
expect.
More
Information About Cookies
You
can usually switch cookies off or disable or refuse to allow cookies by
adjusting your browser settings. Doing so, however, might limit the
accessibility and functionality of the Website. For more detailed information
about cookies, including how to disable cookies, see www.allaboutcookies.org.
It
may be that your concerns around cookies relate to so called
"spyware." Rather than switching off cookies in your browser you may
find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically
deleting cookies considered to be invasive.
If you have any questions
in relation to this policy, please contact the Executive Director at mtiadmin@mti-global.org.
Copyright 2020 Materials Technology Institute. All rights reserved.
Powered by Higher Logic