https://www.biodynamics.com/content/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Join or Renew
Donate
E-News
PRIVACY POLICY
Biodynamic Association
Last updated June 13, 2018.
This privacy policy sets out how the Biodynamic Association (“BDA”) uses and protects any information that you give the BDA when you use this website. The BDA is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Maintaining your trust and confidence is one of our highest priorities. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy. By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of information by the BDA as explained in this policy, together with the Terms and Conditions of Use. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, along with the date those changes were made (see above), so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we can disclose it.
What we collect We may collect certain information about you, but only when that information is provided by you or is obtained by us with your authorization.
Examples of when we may collect information include when you:
Email us or submit information through an online contact form
Register for an event, webinar, conversation salon, or online learning course
Respond to a survey
Post on a website forum, calendar, Directory, or webinar or online learning discussion board
Place an order through our online store
Examples of information we may collect include (but are not limited to):
Name, job title, and employer
Contact information, including email address
Demographic information such as postal code, preferences, and interests
Information for opt-in listings in our Biodynamic Directory and PenPal program
Credit card and billing information for memberships, donations, sponsorships, or event, webinar, conversation salon, or online learning registrations
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
If you are not logged in to the site, either as a BDA member or as a registered website user, our server will recognize you only as an anonymous user. In that case, our server will automatically log certain anonymous, non-personal information, which may include information about the type of browser you use, the server name and IP address, the date and time of access, the pages accessed while on the BDA website, and the internet address of the website, if any, from which you linked directly to the BDA site. This information is not personally identifiable. We may also aggregrate information collected from website visits, such as number of users from a particular country or number of new visitors. Aggregate information may be shared with third parties.
Our website is maintained in the United States of America. By using this website, you consent to having your anonymous or personal information stored and used in the United States of America, as specified in this policy. Data stored in the United States of America may be subject to lawful requests by courts or law enforcement agencies in the United States of America.
What we do with the information we gather We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with better service, including (but not limited to) the following:
to keep our internal records current
to help establish and verify the identity of users
to improve our website features, language, organization, products offered, and services
to process memberships, donations, sponsorships, exhibits, employment applications, or event registrations
to list your information in the Biodynamic Directory and/or PenPal program (if you have opted in)
We will retain information we gather for as long as necessary for these purposes, business purposes, or legal obligations.
Security We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural processes to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We are committed to protecting your information from loss, misuse, and alteration. If transactions are offered on the site, transaction information is transmitted to and from our website in encrypted form using industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connections to help protect such information interception. The BDA restricts authorized access to your personal information to those persons who have a legitimate purpose in knowing that information in order to provide products or services to you. Please be aware, however, that any email or other transmission you send through the internet cannot be completely protected against unauthorized interception.
How we use cookies A cookie is a small file that asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes, and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. You may opt out of or restrict the placement of cookies on your device, and you may remove them from your browser through your web browser preferences. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website’s features and certain personalized functions of this website.
Financial information Credit card and billing information may be collected in order to process memberships, donations, sponsorships, online store purchases, and event registrations. We do not retain your credit card information. If you opt into a recurring donation or membership payment, you authorize our payment processor to process your payment based on the schedule that you have agreed to, as well as store your payment information securely for future installments.
Links to other websites Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over the privacy practices or content of other websites. Therefore, we are not responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide while visiting such sites, and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. We encourage you to read the privacy statements provided by other websites before you provide personally identifiable information to them.
Controlling your personal information We will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to unaffiliated third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. The BDA may use unaffiliated companies or individuals to help it maintain and operate its website or for other reasons related to the operation of the organization, and those companies or individuals may receive your personally identifiable information for that purpose. In such cases as we do share information with affiliated organizations, the shared information will include only your mailing address and will be for a one-time use only; it will not include your email address, telephone number, preferences, interests, responses to surveys, or other personal information, unless such information is aggregated and anonymous. We will ensure that any such affiliated party is aware of and abides by the terms of this privacy policy. We will never share your financial information, except with payment processors as necessary to process your purchases or donations. You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
You may choose not to register on our website.
You may choose not to opt into the Biodynamic Directory.
You may choose not to opt into the PenPal program.
You may choose your contact preferences in your online profile. You may also contact us, and we will record your preferences in our records. Our contact information is below.
You may choose not to subscribe, or to unsubscribe from our email lists. To opt out of any future emails, please send an unsubscribe notice to info@biodynamics.com.
You may remove cookies from your browser through your web browser preferences.
You may change, update, or delete the information in your online membership profile or website user account. You may also contact us, and we will alter the information in our records by request. Our contact information is below.
You may choose to opt out of sharing your mailing information with affiliated organizations by contacting us. Our contact information is below.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to, call, or email us as soon as possible (contact information below). We will promptly correct any inaccurate or incomplete information.
Biodynamic Association
PO Box 557, East Troy, WI 53120
(262) 649-9212
General inquiries: info@biodynamics.com
Membership-related inquiries: members@biodynamics.com
Directory Navigation
About the Directory
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions of Use
Feedback