https://www.iciscientific.com/terms-and-conditions/privacy
Menu
Products
Resources
Portfolio
Training
Dealer Locator
About ICI
Contact
RegisterLogin
Privacy
Privacy Policy
We, at Institutional Casework Inc., are committed to protecting your privacy. Information we obtain about you is used to improve our Web services and content, to process orders, and to communicate with you.
Use of our Site generates a data log that is retained and analyzed. The data log contains non-personally identifiable information including your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your visit, the referring page, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
Aggregate information on web site usage is recorded, and information volunteered by site users including all data submitted is collected and stored. This includes the use of specific services on the Site such as performing keyword searches, registering for events, or requesting additional information. We also collect and retain your email address and any other information you provide, when you communicate with us via email. We collect this information to provide online services, and to enhance our Web content and improve our quality of service.
Cookies are small files that may include a unique identifier, which is sent from our Web server to your web browser and is stored on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies may be required to use certain services on the Site. We use cookies to provide services, to record current session information and identify user trends and patterns. You may choose to view, block or erase cookies within your web browser. However, this may limit your ability to use all services provided on our web sites. Although, some web sites may be able to track your usage after cookie deletion if you come back to the same site or a related site and provide personal information.
The confidential data you submit is encrypted using industry-standard SSL encryption. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access and is never sold, traded or rented for commercial purposes to other organizations except to provide services, information, or products you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or in the following circumstances:
When it is necessary to share information to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected threatening or fraudulent activities, and violations of Terms of Service, or as otherwise required by law.
It is a condition of your use of the Site that you do not:
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Site.
Use the Site to post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information of any kind, including without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law.
Use the Site to post or transmit any information, software or other material which violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material which is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or which is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or right holder.
Use the Site to post or transmit any information, software or other material which contains a virus or other harmful component.
Use the Site to post, transmit or in any way exploit any information, software or other material for commercial purposes, or which contains advertising.
You understand that Institutional Casework Inc. has no obligation to monitor any bulletin boards, chat rooms, or other areas of the Site through which users can supply information or material. However, Institutional Casework Inc. reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that in Institutional Casework Inc.’s sole discretion are objectionable or in violation of the Terms of Use.
Company
Sustainability PrivacyTerms of Use Standards & Certifications
Home
Products
Resources
Dealer Locator
Locations
News & Events
About ICI
PrivacyTerms of Use Standards & Certifications
Envision Work BenchesFlexCoreFlexiLabICI CampbellRhea Educational WoodICI Isolator Fume HoodsICI Painted SteelICI Specialty ProductsICI Stainless SteelICI Tier One Premier WoodPatriot Table System
ICIscientific
1865 Highway 641 NorthParis, TN 38242-8814Phone: 731-642-4251Fax: 731-642-9526
Contact Us!
© ICIscientific, 2020 - All rights reserved
Site by Ebeacon | Powered by CMC3