https://www.knb.org/privacy-policy/
Contact Us
(402) 486-4562
Privacy PolicyWe strive to handle all sensitive and personal user information in a responsible manner, and in accordance with applicable data privacy laws. This Privacy Policy has been created to cover data collection and usage of the products, services, software, platform and websites (collectively, “Services”) provided by Keep Nebraska Beautiful (“KNB”). Unless you tell us otherwise, when you provide your information we assume you are agreeing to allow us to use and disclose it as allowed by law, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and in furtherance of our mission. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you should stop using our website and other services immediately.1. Collection of your Personal Information
KNB may collect personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, physical address or telephone number. KNB may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your Postal Code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through the Services, this information may be collected and used by others. KNB encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from our website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. KNB is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the websites we operate.2. Use of your Personal Information
KNB does not sell, rent or lease your personal information to third parties. KNB may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail or provide programming.
KNB keeps track of the pages our customers visit within our websites in order to determine what Services are the most popular. KNB uses tracking pixels to collect information that helps us provide our Service to you. Please note that any “do not track” signals sent by your web browser or other mechanism have no effect on the collection of personally identifiable information by KNB. In addition, other parties who perform data analytics for KNB, such as Google Analytics, may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities when you use our Services. KNB only shares browser-level data through third party vendor tracking such as Google Analytics.
KNB may disclose personal information when we are required to or we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy or our other policies or agreements; to initiate, render, bill, and collect for amounts owed to us; to protect our or our users’ rights, property or safety; to protect our users from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of the Services; or if we believe that an emergency involving the danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires or justifies disclosure of personal information.3. Use of Cookies
Our website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Services.5. Security of your Personal Information
KNB secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. In addition, KNB secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.6. Children Under Thirteen
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you become aware that a child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us as set forth in this Privacy Policy.7. Changes to this Privacy Policy
KNB may change the provisions of this Privacy Policy at any time, and will always post the most up-to-date version on our website.8. Contact Us
To contact KNB concerning information contained within this Privacy Policy, please call (402) 486-4562.Donate Now!