http://www.planningofficers.org.uk/privacy-policy
Cookies
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website.
Accept All Cookies
Find out more
Cookie Portal
Manage and find out more about the cookies used on this website.
View Cookie Settings
Read Cookie Policy
Accept All Cookies and Close
Close Without Saving
< Back
This website has 3 types of cookies:
Your preferences will not take affect until the next page loads or this page is reloaded.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Feature Cookies
Performance Cookies
Save and Close
< Back
< Back
Cookie Policy
< Back
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
The Planning
Officers Society is a company registered in England and Wales (6709078) and a
registered charity (1140770).  The
Society also has a wholly owned trading company, POS Enterprises (company no 6708161).  This privacy policy applies to all entities
listed above.
This Privacy
Policy relates to information which is obtained by the Society and for which
the Society is the Data Controller.
The privacy
policy sets out how the Society uses and protects any information that you give
to it when you use this website.
What
we collect
What
we do with the information that we gather
Security
How
we use cookies
Links
to other websites
Your
choices and obligations
Rights
to access and control your personal data
Other
important information
The Society is
committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.  Should we ask you to provide certain
information by which you can be identified then you can be assured that it will
only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The Society may
change this policy from time to time and we will contact you to let you know of
any substantive changes.
What we collect
We may collect
the following information:
Name
and job title
Contact
information including email address, workplace address and telephone number
Sensitive
information including gender, disabilities and ethnicity
Preferences
and interests
Financial
payment information
What we do with the information that we
gather
We require this
information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service and
in particular for the following reasons:
Internal
record keeping
To
improve our products and services
To
send updates and information we think you may be interested in as part of
supporting your professional development, including news, best practice and
research findings, training, events, etc.
To
assist with the despatch and collection of subscriptions
To
enable the effective running of events, ie. bookings, sharing your name and
organisation on delegate lists with other delegates and speakers
From
time to time, we may also use your information to contact you personally.  We may contact you by email or phone.
To
customise the website according to your interests in the future
if you are a member of any of the Society’s networks or regions, your contact details can be seen by other members of the same network
if
you are a member of any of the governance bodies your data will be shared with
the other members of that body to enable its effective function
to
inform you of statutory events such as the AGM
to
meet our charitable reporting duties
The Society
will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to any third
party.  This information will only be given
to other organisations when we have your consent.
We use a
third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our marketing emails.  We
gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard
technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletters. For more
information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of by
clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing membership@planningofficers.org.uk
Security
We are
committed to ensuring that your information is secure.  In order to prevent unauthorised access or
disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial
procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
How we use cookies
View Cookie Portal
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use the website. This measurement service enables us to monitor and improve how the Society’s website is used. These cookies collect your data anonymously.
We use cookies
in some other ways which help us to provide you with a better website, by
enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.  A cookie in no way gives us access to your
computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share
with us.
You can choose
to accept or decline cookies.  Most web
browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser
setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
External links
This website
may provide links to a number of external websites.  However, once you have sued these links to
leave our site, you should note that the Society is not in anyway responsible
for the privacy practices or content of these sites.
Your choices and obligations
We keep most of
your personal data for as long as your members is open or you are in contact
with us.
We keep some of
your data even after you end your relationship with us.
Rights to access and control of your
personal data
You can arrange
to see the personal data that the Society holds for you and can arrange for it
to be deleted or amended.
If you wish to
amend or delete the personal data we hold on your behalf please contact:
Membership@planningofficers.org.uk
back Back    Top top