http://www.sargentwelch.com/cms/privacy
Processing your request...
Hidden_link
Hidden_link2
Hidden_link3
Keep my session open?
Yes
No
Ending In
The session is expired
Log In
Ok, I'll continue as logged out
Your session has expired. For your security, we have logged you out.
Would you like to log in again?
Log In
Log out
x
Sign In
Account email
Password
Forgot Password?
Remember me on this device
Create A Profile
Sign In
Quick Shop
0
items
/ 0.0
Items in Your Shopping Cart:
0 items in your Cart
Item Subtotal 0.0
Advanced Search
Products
Biology
Biotechnology
Chemicals
Chemistry
Classroom Technology & Multimedia
Clearance
Earth Science
Environmental Science
Forensics
Lab & Classroom Furniture
Labware
Microscopes & Microvideo
Physics
Safety Supplies
Resources
Catalogs
Current Promotions
Lab Planner
Live Material Care
Safety Data Sheets (SDS)
Contact
Customer Service
Troubleshooting Tips
International Service
Ordering
Product Support
Sales Support
Feedback
About
Contract Discount
History of Sargent Welch
Join Our Team
Sargent Welch Guarantee
Site Map
Terms & Conditions
My Profile
Create A Profile
Sign In
Printed from Sargent Welch Website
User: [Anonymous]
Date: 12-11-2020
Time: 00:46
About
Contract Discount
History of Sargent Welch
Join Our Team
Sargent Welch Guarantee
Site Map
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Chemical Shipping
Browser Compatibility
Home
>
About
>
Terms & Conditions
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy We Protect Your Right to PrivacySargentwelch.com respects your privacy. Our guidelines for protecting the information you provide us during your visit to our Web site appear below. Privacy StatementThis statement discloses the privacy practices for sargentwelch.com. We have designed sargentwelch.com so that no personal identifying information is displayed online or is accessible to the general public. You can browse the Sargent-Welch's web site and online catalogs without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. To obtain access to special site features including product availability and contract pricing, we ask that you register on our site. Use of DataFor ordering and operations purposes, we collect only the following information about our users: name, account number (if applicable), school or business name (if applicable), street address, state, Zip Code, phone number, country and email address. For promotions we collect other information to help us track the success of the promotion (i.e. how you learned about the offer).We use the name and email address to manage registrations. We do not sell or distribute that information to any third party. We do not reveal your email address or other personal information, except to complete transactions with our third party suppliers. The Zip Code, state, and country information is used to assess our needs in the way of technology, for the purposes of offering the best possible service to our world-wide customer base. We do not sell or distribute this information to any third party. Information such as name, phone number, and credit card numbers are collected through third party partners of sargentwelch.com, such as Visa, MasterCard, and American Express. Use of Your Email AddressWhen you provide us with your email address during registration as a customer or make a purchase from us, we will occasionally send you email with recommendations or notices of new products, prices, and services. Separately, we send email to keep you informed about the status of your orders. These messages cannot be blocked. This email may include paid advertisements from third parties. At the time that you register or make a purchase, you will be given an opportunity to opt out of this service. If you do not initially choose to opt out, you may still block future email of this type, simply by following the instructions at the bottom of the update messages.   RegistrationDuring the sargentwelch.com registration process, we ask you to provide us with contact information, such as name, email address, phone number, Zip Code, state, and country. We do not sell, rent, or share any customer information that we collect on our site except for the purposes described here and to our suppliers for the same purposes. By contract, third parties as such must comply with their own privacy policies with regard to the renting, selling, or sharing of information. For advertising purposes, visitor and customer information is statistically aggregated and reported to advertisers. However, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to personally identify you, such as your name, email address, account, password, or transaction history.   LinksSargentwelch.com contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are 'clicking' to another Web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites, as their privacy policies may differ from ours.   CookiesSargentwelch.com uses software tags called "cookies" to identify customers and track shopping baskets when they visit our site. Additionally, cookies help us to identify returning users so that we don't ask them to register with every visit. They also help us understand your buying preferences and customize our service to your needs. By recording which areas of the site you visit, cookies allow us to present information, products, and special offers that are most likely to be of interest to you. The information we collect with cookies is not sold, rented, or shared with any outside parties. We cannot provide a total secured shopping experience to users whose browsers are set to reject cookies.   Log FilesSargentwelch.com maintains log files of the traffic that visits the sargentwelch.com site. We do not link any information gathered in these log files to personally identifying information. Log files are used to manage traffic loads and information technology requirements for providing reliable service. Information collected includes IP addresses and browser types.   NewslettersAll newsletters are mailed only to users who opt in to the newsletter service. Users who wish to receive the newsletter must subscribe to it by clicking on the link provided in the introductory email sent to newly registered subscribers. Users who have subscribed can cancel their subscription by following instructions contained in each issue of the newsletter. Only an email address is required to receive the newsletter.   FeedbackWe collect user feedback. Users who would like a response to specific questions concerning the service or their subscriptions are directed to the customer service. These questions will be responded to as quickly as possible. We read all of our customer service queries and use the information contained therein only to resolve the question at hand. We may also post surveys on our site, ranging from one to ten questions. These surveys are optional and all information is collected anonymously. The information is collected to better understand our user population. It is not sold or transferred to any third party.   Update User InformationUsers can update or correct, their personal information on sargentwelch.com by changing their profile information in the Login. If you have any questions e-mail us.     Information SecurityAll information gathered on the sargentwelch.com site is stored and maintained in secure facilities that limit access to authorized personnel only. Our personnel can only access the information through a series of access-control procedures. All sargentwelch.com employees are briefed about the company's privacy and security policies on a regular basis. The sargentwelch.com Web site is regularly tested for security breaches to ensure that all information collected is secure from unauthorized viewing.     SSLOur current security technology is Secured Socket Layer (SSL). The SSL protocol provides connection security that has three basic properties:
The connection is private. Encryption is used after an initial handshake to define a secret key. Symmetric cryptography is used for data encryption (e.g., DES[DES], RC4[RC4], etc.)
The peer's identity can be authenticated using asymmetric, or public key, cryptography (e.g., RSA[RSA], DSS[DSS], etc.).
The connection is reliable. Message transport includes a message integrity check using a keyed MAC. Secure hash functions (e.g., SHA, MD5, etc.) are used for MAC computations.
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time.
Sargent Welch in Your Inbox!
Subscribe Now
Latest products, exclusive offers, and more.
Manage your email preferences.
Ordering
Request a Catalog
Guarantee
Returns
How to Order
Information
About Us
Contact Us
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
International Service
California Proposition 65
Community
Join Our Team
Copyright © 2020 Sargent Welch. All rights reserved.
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES