http://www.wmf.org/copyright-notice-privacy-policies-and-legal-notice
Skip to main content
Enter your keywords
Copyright Notice, Privacy Policies, and Legal Notice
World Monuments Fund (WMF) is committed to the individual privacy of every donor, subscriber, and website visitor. We recognize that visitors to the site may be concerned about the information they provide to us and how we use that information. By visiting www.wmf.org, you accept the practices described in this statement.
Please see our “Donor Privacy Policy” under Information for Donors for our policy with regard to information provided by donors specifically.
Copyright Notice
This website (www.wmf.org) is part of WMF’s education and outreach efforts. All content, including photographs and text, falls under copyright law and may only be used with written permission. Violators may be prosecuted.
Privacy Policies
General Data Collection
WMF does not collect personally identifiable information from you unless you provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. If you make a donation or register for our newsletter, for example, we may collect your name, mailing address, telephone number, email address, and credit card information. If you voluntarily provide such personal information, it will be entered into our constituent database and you may be contacted with information on WMF news, events and services, or to request voluntary contributions. If you do not wish us to contact you, please email development@wmf.org or call 646-424-9594.
Email Address
Your privacy is important to WMF. We do not trade or sell any email addresses. We may, however, use email addresses to process donations and provide requested services, such as register you for a subscription to an e-newsletter. Email recipients may opt out at any time by following the "unsubscribe" link included in every email message.
Mailing Address
WMF will not use donor mailing address information to send mailings on behalf of other organizations. Some segments of the WMF mailing list are made available to outside organizations as part of WMF’s membership recruitment program. Otherwise we do not trade, share, or sell mailing addresses. If you do not wish WMF to share your mailing address, please email development@wmf.org or call 646-424-9594 to be excluded from all donor mailing list exchanges.
IP Address
WMF uses visitor IP addresses to administer our site, track access, and gather broad demographic information for research purposes only. General traffic, site usage and length of stay information is collected. This type of information is used to help WMF improve the functionality of our web site.
Cookies
The WMF website uses "cookies” to improve the functioning of our website and your experience. Cookies are small data files that are automatically sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies do not contain any personal information about you; they are used to gather information to analyze traffic to the WMF website, to improve our content and navigation, to enhance our marketing efforts, and to personalize your experience.
Donations
For online gifts, your credit card information will be temporarily stored on a secure server and used only for processing your online transaction.  For your protection and privacy, WMF’s online donation forms are protected by a security certificate. WMF uses high-grade encryption and security protocols (Secure Socket Layer-SSL) when processing financial transactions. This method is the industry standard security protocol, which makes it difficult to intercept information you submit. However, such precautions do not guarantee that the web site is invulnerable to all security breaks. WMF makes no warranty, guarantee or representation that the use of our web site is protected from viruses, security threats or other vulnerabilities and that your information will always be secure.
Contributions are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law. WMF is a 501[c](3) organization. Financial statements can be obtained from WMF or from the Office of the Attorney General, Charities Bureau, 120 Broadway, New York, NY 10271.
External Links
This Copyright, Legal, and Privacy Notice applies only to WMF’s online practices. Occasionally, our web site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. Links to other sites do not imply an endorsement of the material or policies of those web sites. You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information they may be collecting from you.
Legal Notice
This Copyright, Legal, and Privacy Notice applies only to WMF’s online practices. By accessing or using the website, you agree to be bound by all terms and conditions of World Monuments Fund as posted at the time of your access or use. This statement may be changed or updated at any time.
Contact
If you have questions or concerns about WMF or our policies, please contact us:
World Monuments Fund
350 Fifth Avenue, Suite 2412
New York, NY 10118
T: 646-424-9594 F: 646-424-9593
Email: info@wmf.org