https://www.australiazoo.com.au/privacy/
Search for:
Buy Tickets
Annual Passes
Shop Online
Experiences
Animal Encounters
Zoo Keeper for a Day
Exhibits
Conservation Shows
Wildlife Photos
Tours
Expeditions
Gift Ideas
Wildlife
Our Animals
Zoo Flora
Top 10 Highlights
Visit Us
Tickets
Annual Pass
Zoo Map
Event Calendar
How to Get Here
Plan Your Day
Where to Eat
Where to Shop
Where to Stay
How to Prepare
Services and Facilities
Birthday Club
Chinese Information
About Us
The Irwin Family
History
Awards
Our Mission
Community Partners
Our Sponsors
Employment
Media Resources / Enquiry
Crikey Magazine
Crikey Magazine Photography Competition
Crikey! Club
FAQs
Contact Us
Support Wildlife
Adopt An Animal
Petition
Wildlife Rescue
Crocodile Conservation
Crocodile Tracking
Conservation Programs
Elephant Conservation
Conservation Properties
Conservation Projects
You Can Make a Difference
Volunteering
Get Involved
Fundraising
Wildlife Warriors
Steve Irwin Gala Dinner
Weddings & Functions
Weddings
Corporate Functions
Naming Ceremony
Education
Kindy
Primary
Secondary
Tertiary
International
Search for:
Buy Tickets
Annual Passes
Shop Online
Open Daily 9.00am - 5.00pm
Bedtime for some of our animals is 4:30pm.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Australia Zoo Operations Pty Ltd and its associated websites (australiazoo.com.au, crocodilehunter.com, crocone.com.au, Newbreedvets.com.au, savestevesplace.com, Internationalcrocodilerescue.com.au) values and respects the right to privacy of all individuals and organisations and complies with the provisions of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
What information is collected?
The kind of Personal Information we collect and store will depend upon the type of initiative you support or enquire about. We only collect information that is reasonably necessary for one or more of our functions and activities. Personal Information collected by Australia Zoo Operations Pty Ltd may include:
your contact information – name, address, email address, phone number, mobile phone number
your date of birth and gender
your bank account or credit card details
In respect of website users we do not generally collect “sensitive information” (such as information about ethnic origin, religious or political views, health information, tax file numbers, etc).
Why do we collect Personal Information?
You do not have to disclose any Personal Information to us, but we do need certain information in order to provide specific services or information to you. Personal details will be used for the purposes for which it is collected (e.g. purchasing ticket) and/or to provide you with Australia Zoo Operations Pty Ltd correspondence. We may also use this information to communicate to you other activities that Australia Zoo Operations Pty Ltd is currently undertaking, subscription renewals, data analysis, as well as keeping you up to date about changes to our website. By supplying us with your Personal Information you give us permission to use your Personal Information for these purposes.
If you choose to provide us with your email address, we will try to communicate with you via email.
If you do not want to receive further information about current activities and projects, please call 07 5436 2000 (International +61 7 5436 2000) or email info@australiazoo.com.au.
How information is collected:
Personal Information may be collected by the forms you fill out and provide to us (including online forms), telephone calls, emails, in person and your visits to our website.
Australia Zoo Operations Pty Ltd collect cookie information when you visit our websites . A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record keeping purposes. We use cookies on our websites to identify repeat viewers and make it easier for you to navigate our site. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features of our site may be limited.
Where is the information held?
Personal Information provided via this website, or mailed or faxed to us is held in our databases at our offices in Beerwah We store Personal Information in a variety of formats including on databases, in hard copy files and on personal devices, including laptop computers. Personal Information is retained in secure hard copy and electronic files.
We make every effort to ensure Personal Information is kept secure and take reasonable steps to protect it from misuse, loss, interference, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
In the event of a data breach involving a loss of, unauthorised access to or misuse of your Personal Information, we will report such breach to you and any relevant authority as required by law.
We confirm that Australia Zoo Operations Pty Ltd will not share the information you provide us with any other person or organisation, either in Australia or to overseas recipients, unless you have specifically given us permission to do so, we are legally obliged to do so or we are otherwise required or permitted under the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998.
Accessing your information
At any time you can request a copy of the Personal Information we have on file about you, or request a change or deletion of information. Any request from you must be in writing and we will then verify your identity and provide the requested information within a reasonable time. We reserve the right to charge a fee to cover the cost of verification of identity and retrieving, copying and supplying any material requested.
Complaints
If you have a problem or complaint, please let us know. You may lodge your complaint at Contact Us
We will deal with complaints as follows:
Let us know
If you would like to make a complaint, you should let us know by contacting our Privacy Officer (see below for contact details).
Investigation of complaint
Your complaint will be investigated by our Privacy Officer. A response to your complaint will be provided in writing within a reasonable period.
Contact OAIC
We expect our procedures will deal fairly and promptly with your complaint. If you believe that we have not adequately dealt with your complaint, you may complain to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at
www.oaic.gov.au
Change of details
You can correct and update your Personal Information, make a complaint, or opt out of any future communications by:
Sending an e-mail using our contact form
Phone our Human Resources Dept on Int Tel: +61 7 5436 2000
Fax to: 61 7 5494 8604
Post to: Att: Privacy Officer
Australia Zoo
Steve Irwin Way
Beerwah Qld Australia 4519
Protecting information provided via the Internet
Our site uses security encrypted response forms when personal and financial details are requested. The security we use between your browser and our web-site is SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption.
Links with other sites
Australia Zoo Operations Pty Ltd’s websites contains links to other sites. Other sites may also have links to our website. In either case, we are not responsible for the content, privacy practices or business practices of any website or company except our own.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to vary this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be published by posting an updated Privacy Policy on our website and are effective upon posting. Your continued use of our website, provision of information or receipt of information, will signify your consent to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 8th June 2020.
Ready to plan your adventure?
Visit the Zoo