http://www.virogen.com/pages/privacy-policy
(617) 417-1500
Company
Services
Products
Equipment
Contact Us
About Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.virogen.com
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by thiswebsite. It will notify you of the following:
1. What personally identifiable information is collected from youthrough the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of yourinformation.4. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and SharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We onlyhave access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via emailor other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this informationto anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason youcontacted us. We will not share your information with any third partyoutside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill yourrequest, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future totell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to thisprivacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do thefollowing at any time by contacting us via the email address or phonenumber given on our website:
- See what data we have about you, if any.- Change/correct any data we have about you.- Have us delete any data we have about you.- Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitiveinformation via the website, your information is protected both online andoffline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), thatinformation is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You canverify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for“https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmittedonline, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who needthe information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customerservice) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Thecomputers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information arekept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you shouldcontact us immediately via telephone at 617 926 9167 or email:info@virogen.com
Shop Categories
Antibodies
Antigens
CD Antibodies
Equipment
Infectious Disease Antibodies
Small Molecules Antibodies
Secure Shopping