http://www.icmj.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Magazine
Browse Issues
Articles
All
Prospecting & Detecting
Small Mining Operations
Legislation & Regulation
How To
Money & Markets
Large Scale Mining
History & Geology
Ask The Experts
The Bawl Mill
Mining Summit
PLP and Mining Districts
Gold Prospecting: For Better or Worse
Subscribe & Renew
Find A Newsstand
About Us
Miner's Market
Trusted Vendors
Our Display Advertisers - Videos
Classifieds
All
Equipment
Properties
Services
Employment
Other
Submit a Classified Ad
Submit a Display Ad
Merchandise
Mining District Public Notices
Resources
Current Metal Prices
News & Events
Miner's News
Miner's Calendar
Videos
Bylaws for Traditional Mining Districts
Gold Districts of California
Beginner's Corner
Useful Information
Public Lands for the People
Sample Issue
Useful Tables and Conversion Charts
NDAA
Subscribe
Get a Subscription
Renew
Give a Gift Subscription
Login
Cart
More
Search
Advertise
FAQ
Policies
Become A Writer
Sitemap
Contact
Privacy Policy
We are serious about privacy!
1. ICMJ does not sell nor give away information to other entities. We do not sell nor give away subscriber lists, mailing lists, phone numbers, or email addresses.
2. When you provide your email address or phone number, we will only contact you if needed in the normal course of business. We do not bother our customers!!! We do not contact you with other offers!!! For example, you may get an email or phone call from us if the post office says your package was undeliverable. Or you may get an email to let you know it is time to renew your subscription.
3. We will send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
You ask us to do so;
We need to share your information to provide the product, service, or information you have requested;
We respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process.
You fail to pay a past due balance on an advertising or newsstand account.
4. Cookies. Your login information will be retained on your computer in the form of a cookie, along with shopping cart information if you place an order.
5. Use of credit cards. When subscription or back issue orders are placed online, credit card numbers are processed automatically through Paymentech. Printed order records are retained in our office for 5 years, then shredded.
It has been our long-standing policy to respect the privacy of our subscribers, customers, and website users. We have not, and will not, provide our subscriber lists and information to other companies, nor will we use your information to bother you!!!
View a FREE ONLINE COPY of the most respected gold prospecting magazine in the industry!
Advertisements