http://www.uhvdesign.com/legal
skip to main content
Privacy Policy
The privacy of our customers is of utmost importance to UHV Design Ltd. Please read the following policy to understand how we will treat your personal information when you use our site.
The information we collect
In order to provide you with the best customer service, we collect certain personal information about you. This information is typically limited to business correspondance . When you register for our Product Configurator or sign up to receive occassional emails from us, any personalisation is recorded so only relevant information comes to you. This information may include, but is not limited to, details such as your name, your address and other contact details.
What do we do with your personal information?
We use your personal information to provide you with the best online experience and to provide you with a personalised service to give you details of offers which we think will be of interest to you. If you have chosen to receive them, we will also use your information to provide you with our mail and email alerts letting you stay up-to-date about relevant offers, demonstrations and events. We may also use the information to process any transactions you undertake with us and for internal administration and analysis. We disclose your information to third parties only for the purpose of completing your transaction with us, providing the above services to you and for the purposes of associated administration and obtaining professional advice. We do not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes.
Cookies
Cookies are small files which are sent to your browser and stored on your computer's hard disc. For more information about cookies, please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org/.
We may use the cookies only for the following purposes:
To administer this website; user features such as the quote basket and login information require that information is stored on your device to improve your experience.
For statistical or survey purposes to improve the website and its services to you
To serve website content and advertisements to you
If you consent, to notify you of product information or events that may be of interest to you.
Data Protection
In the UK we operate and are registered in accordance with applicable data protection legislation:
Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
(d) to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
(e) to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall- protected) servers. All electronic transactions you make to or receive from us will be encrypted.
Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
You are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential. We will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to the website).
Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of this information will be subject to the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity. To request the personal information we hold about you, please call us or email MyData@uhvdesign.com . We will supply this information free of change within 14 days.
You have the right to request that the personal information we hold about you is removed from our records at any time. Please make the request to MyData@uhvdesign.com.
You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes by email at any time. In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Consent
By disclosing your personal information to us using this website or over the telephone, you consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information by UHV Design Ltd in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.
Products
Back
Products:
Rotary feedthroughs
Linear actuators
Sample transfer arms
Y, XY, XYZ and XYZT motion
Wobble sticks
View port shutters
Push pull devices
Analytical stages
Deposition stages
Heater modules
Motion controllers
Heater power supplies
Radial Telescopic Transfer Arms
Port aligners
Sample parking
Applications
Back
Products:
Particle Accelerators
Surface science
Deposition
Production
News & Events
Back
Products:
Events
News
About us
Careers
Literature