http://www.biosearchtech.com/about-us/legal/privacy
Home
About Us
Legal
Privacy Notice
Share this page
Privacy Notice
Review LGC Biosearch Technologies’ privacy notice
LGC’s commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. The LGC website https://www.biosearchtech.com (hereafter “Site”) is controlled and operated by LGC Limited (which, along with other LGC Group Affiliate companies, is referred hereafter as “LGC”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”).
This Privacy Notice explains our online information practices. This includes a description of the types of personally identifiable information (hereafter “PII” or “Personal Data”) data we may collect, how we may use it, with whom we may share it and how you can make choices about the way your Personal Data is collected and used.
This Privacy Notice applies to all PII collected or submitted on this Site. Links within this Site to other websites (including other LGC sites) are not covered by this Privacy Notice. To make this Privacy Notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personal information may be requested.
The Personal Information we collect
This Privacy Notice applies to all Personal Data collected or submitted on this Site including information you provide voluntarily to us and information we may collect from your use of our Site. The Site allows you to order products, make requests for information or contacts and register to receive LGC research and materials.
We may obtain the following types of Personal Data:
Name;
Job title and Employer’s name;
Work or Other Address;
Work or Other Email address;
Work or Other Phone number;
Browsing information [ relating to your use of the Site; and
Internet Protocol (IP) address of your Internet Service Provider
How we collect Personal Information
We collect Personal Data through:
Your voluntary input of your personal information on the Site;
The use of cookies (as explained in more detail below); and
Technologies such as Google Analytics and Hubspot Analytics
Cookies
Like most websites, the Site uses cookies on the Site helps improve your experience by catalogue traffic patterns. They ensure you are provided with an enhanced customer experience each time you return to visit our Site.
The cookie assigns a 'User ID' to your computer and allows us to distinguish you from other users of the Site. However please note these cookies, by themselves, cannot be used to establish the identity of any user. The assignment of a cookie to your computer allows our Site servers only to identify your computer automatically when you visit our Site. Unless you have specifically told us who you are, the cookie will not let us know who you are.
You can set your browser settings to alert you before a cookie is placed on your computer or to reject cookies but please note that this may restrict your ability to use all features of the Site.
The way we use Personal Information
We may use the Personal Data we have collected to:
Fulfil the orders you have placed with LGC;
Improve the Site and customer experience (i.e. troubleshooting) and enable LGC to identify and prevent future issues;
Communicate with you (respond to any emails you may send to us i.e. access or account requests); and
Compile and analyse trends on the Site
The Personal Data we obtain is used for the purposes (as described above) for which you have given your consent, except where otherwise permitted by applicable privacy laws. LGC does not sell on details of our customers and we will contact you about LGC products and services only when it is lawful for us to do so. Where necessary we will seek your consent to use your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
You can register with our Site if you would like to receive our catalogue as well as updates on our new products and services.
Please note that providing personal information to us is voluntary on your part. If you choose not to provide your details to us, we may not be able to make you aware of special offers or new products and services.
LGC’s legal basis for processing your Personal Information
Our legal grounds for processing your Personal Data for the purposes described above will typically be one of the following:
Your consent;
Performance of a contract with you;
Our legitimate business interests; or
Compliance with a legal obligation.
Sharing Personal Information
Your personal information may be shared within the LGC Group of Companies. We only share Personal Data, with outside parties to the extent necessary, to fulfil orders, follow up with relevant information on products, services or training courses with third parties who perform specific functions on our behalf. We will never sell your personal information to outside parties.
If we disclose your Personal Data to any outside parties, we will ensure that this sharing is protected under an appropriate contract so that your Personal Data is only used by such outside parties in connection with the services they are delivering on our behalf. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of outside parties – such practices are subject to their respective privacy policies, but we do seek to work with trusted partners whose practices and values reflect our own.
Please note that your Personal Data may also be disclosed under special circumstances to governmental bodies in order for LGC to comply with legal or regulatory requirements.
Transfers of your Personal Information outside of the EU
As stated above, your Personal Data may be shared within the LGC Group of Companies and/or outside parties who provide services to and on behalf of LGC. Please note that your Personal Data may sometimes be transferred to countries outside of the European Union on this basis. We will always ensure that appropriate measures are taken in accordance with all applicable laws to protect any such transfer of your personal Data outside of the European Union at all times.
LGC’s use of Google Analytics
LGC uses Google Analytics (“GA”), a web analysis service of Google Inc, which employs cookies that are stored to your computer in order to facilitate an analysis of your use of the Site. LGC’s use of GA is strictly limited to understanding how our customers interact with our website. Data collected using GA is never distributed outside of LGC.
Your right to Opt-Out / Unsubscribing
We never use or share the Personal Data provided to us online in ways unrelated to those described above without also providing you with an opportunity to unsubscribe / opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated use.
You can exercise your right to unsubscribe from contact by emailing LGC at info@biosearchtech.com. You should clearly state your name and the name of this Site on all communications. Please note that while we endeavour to respond to such requests promptly, it can take some time for your opt-out request to be implemented and for future direct marketing communications (if chosen) to cease; we apologise if you receive emails that have already been scheduled for dispatch while your request is being processed. As noted below, you may also choose to exercise other rights you may have under applicable law – such as the right to access, correct or delete your Personal Data.
Your rights to access, correction and objection
You have the right to request access to the Personal Data we hold about you at any time by emailing data.protection@lgcgroup.com and stating your name and the name of this Site. We will take reasonable efforts to provide you with a summary of any Personal Data collected by us. Depending on the nature of your request, this may take up a month for us to deal with, from when we have completed the required verification of your identity and the scope of your request.
While we always endeavour to take reasonable steps to ensure your Personal Data is kept up-to-date and accurate, you have the right to request correction of any Personal Data that is incorrect. You can contact us or data.protection@lgcgroup.com to request this. Please state your name and the name of this Site along with specific details of the information you would like us to correct or update in your correspondence.
You further have the right object to our use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances and to request that your Personal Data is forgotten. In the event you wish to exercise this right, please send an email to data.protection@lgcgroup.com stating your name, name of this Site and clearly state your request for the deletion of your Personal Data. Such a request may prevent us from informing you about important Product and Service Information.
Your rights to restriction and data portability
You have the right to restrict the processing of your Personal Data by LGC in limited circumstances. As an example, where you contest the accuracy of your Personal Data, LGC will be required to restrict the processing of your personal information until the accuracy of your personal information has been verified.
You may also be entitled to the right of data portability in limited circumstances.
Our commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and organisational measures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on this Site. We only retain your Personal Data for as long as it is necessary for us to do provide the service you have requested or to which we otherwise have legitimate grounds for holding it (such as customer warranty information).
Our commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never seek to collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our Site is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How to contact us
Should you have questions or concerns about our compliance with this Privacy Notice, or wish to find out how your personal information is handled by LGC, please send us an email at data.protection@lgcgroup.com.
If you are not satisfied with our response or you feel that the processing of your data by LGC infringes any applicable law, you may have right to lodge a complaint with a national data privacy regulator.
Updates to this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice may be modified from time to time, at our discretion and without prior notification to you. Changes to this Privacy Notice can be found on this page and will be effective immediately upon posting to this Site.
Updated May 2018
Question?
Log in/Create account
Email
Password
Forgot your password?
Create a new account.
Error!
Invalid email address or password.
Create an online account so you can save your shopping cart, forward carts to your purchasing agent, view your online order history, and quickly purchase previously ordered items.
An online account also provides you free access to various design software such as RealTimeDesign™ Software, Stellaris® Probe Designer, and ChIRP Designer.
sign up now!
Quick order
Pick up reagents and pre-defined assays for COVID-19, other viruses, and microbes.
view products
Running low on your supply? Find your previously purchased item and order it again.
RE-ORDER
Plan on ordering many oligo sequences at once?  Use the upload excel order form feature to expedite the ordering process.
UPLOAD
Want to order custom qPCR probes and primers?  We offer many different probe formats including BHQ and BHQplus probes, Molecular Beacons and Scorpions Primers.
ORDER
Ask A Scientist
Ask A Question
Who would you like to reach?
Ask Customer Service
Ask A Scientist
Ask Web Support
Field required.
What is your name?
Field required.
Which email address can we send a reply?
Please enter a valid email address
Field required.
What is the name of your company or organization?
Field required.
In which country are you located?
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Afghanistan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Ivory Coast
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
Saint Helena
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States minor outlying islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Holy See (vatican City State)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Field required.
What is your question?
Field required.
Error!
{{FormErrors}}
We've received your submission. We will get back to you shortly.