http://www.biosupportservices.co.uk/xhtml/privacy/
HomeAbout usServicesEquipmentContact usSearchHelpVacancy
Privacy Policy
Home » Help » Privacy Policy
This is the website of Bio Support Services Ltd.
Our postal address is:
Bio Support Services Ltd.8 Forest GladeKettering, NorthantsNN16 9SP
We can be reached via e-mail at info@biosupportservices.co.ukor you can reach us by telephone at +44 1536 51 33 28
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address.
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as contact forms and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
If you supply us with your telephone numbers on-line you will only receive telephone contact from us with information for which you provided us your telephone number.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site (http://www.biosupportservices.co.uk/xhtml/privacy) to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the site.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above address or phone number.
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Bio Support Services Ltd. © 2020 - All rights reserved