https://www.chemistryireland.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our commitment to privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The information we collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted to the Institute of Chemistry of Ireland. The personal information collected from Application Forms, Eventbrite (registration for conferences etc.) and other sources from time-to-time is:
A. General information:
Name (first name(s) and surname)
Email address
Mobile phone number
B. Registrar
Private address
Business address
Country of residence
Membership Grade
Degrees, Diplomas obtained, whether Pass or Honours, by thesis etc.,
C. Hon. Treasurer and Assistant Hon. Treasurer
Bank details (if applicable for collection of membership and other fees)
Credit Card details (if applicable for collection of membership and other fees)
Date joined the Institute of Chemistry of Ireland
Details of payments received
Note 1: The general and financial information requested above is used to manage your membership of the Institute of Chemistry of Ireland on an ongoing basis.
D. Other information
Education
College(s) attended
Course(s) of study
Current year of course(s)
Director of the course(s)
Employer(s)
Position in Company(ies)
Duties within Company(ies)
No. of Employees
Business Type
Names of Referees
Proposer
Seconder
Additional information as volunteered by candidates
Note 2: The information requested above is reviewed by Council to establish your eligibility for membership of the Institute of Chemistry of Ireland and your grade of membership and thereafter deleted thereafter.
Note 3: Council Members are also required to provide proof of identity and proof of residency and any other information as may be required from time-to-time to fulfil the requirements of banks, the Companies Registration Office and other official agencies the Institute of Chemistry has contacts with in the conduct of its business.
The way we use information
We use the information you provide about yourself when applying to become a member to complete the registration process, to effectively manage your continued membership and to communicate with you as a member of the Institute of Chemistry of Ireland.
We use return email addresses to answer the emails we receive or to broadcast messages from the Institute of Chemistry to all members. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above.
Our commitment to data security
To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. All of the documents and articles that appear on our website are already in the public domain and are freely available.
How to contact us
Should you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please send us an email (or if you wish to opt out of receiving emails from us) to: info@instituteofchemistry.org.
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.Accept Hide notification only
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
AcceptHide notification only