https://www.netherlandswaterpartnership.com/privacy-statement
Privacy statement | NWP
icon-linkedin
icon-twitter
icon-theme
icon-at
icon-phone
icon-whatsapp
icon-facebookp
icon-archive
icon-download
icon-search
chevron-left
chevron-right
Collaborate with us
+31 70 304 37 00
info@nwp.nl
Become a member
Search
Main navigation
What is NWP
Who we are, our organisation, working at NWP
What we do
How we support the Dutch water sector internationally
Global impact
Successful projects and collaborations
Members
A list of the NWP members
Dutch Water Sector
Areas of expertise
News
All news
10 December 2020
Floating solutions: a new tool in Dutch delta technology
3 December 2020
Setting priorities to make sustainable solutions effective
Upcoming events
All events
10Dec
Road to Singapore International Water Week
15Dec
Digital Africa Business Days
23Mar
Aqua Nederland Vakbeurs
Sub navigation
Events
News
List of countries
Contact & NWP Team
What are you looking for?
Search
Privacy statement
We at Netherlands Water Partnership (NWP), including our corresponding activities and responsibilities regarding the following programmes and websites: netherlandswaterpartnership.com, Partners for Water, Dutchwatersector.com, Water Support Programme, YEP Programmes, DRR-Team, DSS water, Nutrient Platform, Amsterdam International Water Week, respect your concerns about privacy.
Contact
Hans van den Adel
HR & Facility Manager
+31 70 304 3730
h.vandenadel@nwp.nl
Introduction
This Privacy Statement applies to NWP, including our activities and responsibilities regarding all programmes and projects we execute, events and websites and therefore:
our job candidates
our trainers and coaches
users of the websites and apps
receivers of our newsletters and email campaigns and
representatives of our clients and partners
This Statement does not apply to our country-based staff employees, who are individuals employed by the Netherlands Water Partnership at The Hague.
The Statement describes the types of personal information we collect, how we use the information, with whom we share it, and the rights of and choices available to individuals regarding our use of their information. We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices and to exercise your rights. Our privacy practices may vary among the countries in which we operate to reflect local practices and legal requirements.
Information we collect
We collect personal information about you in various ways, such as through our site, at our events and through phone, email and fax, through job applications and in connection with in-person recruitment and in connection with our interactions with clients and vendors. We may collect the following types of personal information:
Contact information (such as name, postal address, email address and telephone number);
Username and password when you register on our websites, like basecamp and www.yepprogrammes.com and HR system Carerix (through application) or downloading information, such as whitepapers or similar content.
Geolocation data in connection with certain features of our websites, such as yepprogrammes.com
Information on how you use our websites (dutchwatersector.com, netherlandswaterpartnership.com, amsterdamiww.com), to be able to approach you with relevant information through other websites.
Personal pictures
Information you provide about professionals, friends or other people you would like us to contact; and
Other information you may provide to us, such as in surveys or through the ‘Contact Us’ feature on our websites or through your profile on our website and your project updates through RSR
Development plans and evaluation reports
In addition, if you are an associate or job candidate and you apply for a position or create an account to apply for a position, we may collect the following types of personal information:
Employment and education history
Language proficiencies and other work-related skills
Social Security number, national identifier or other government-issued identification number
Date of birth
Gender
Bank account information
Citizenship and work authorization status
Benefits information
Information provided by references
Information contained in your resume or C.V., information you provide regarding your career interests, and other information about your qualifications for employment.
In addition, we may collect information you provide to us about other individuals, such as information related to emergency contacts.
Information collected by automated means
When you visit our websites, read our newsletters or email campaigns, we may collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies, web beacons and web server logs. The information we may collect in this manner includes IP address, unique device identifier, browser characteristics, device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, information on actions taken on our websites or through our newsletters and email campaigns, dates and times of visits to our websites and other usage statistics. A ‘cookie’ is a file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A ‘web beacon’, also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and their cookies and is used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server. Through these automated collection methods, we may obtain ‘clickstream data’, which is a log of the links and other content on which a visitor clicks while browsing a website. As the visitor clicks through the website, a record of the action may be collected and stored. We link certain data elements we have collected through automated means, such as your browser information, with other information we have obtained about you to let us know, for example, whether you have opened an email we sent to you. Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our websites. To the extent required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before collecting personal information using cookies or similar automated means.
The providers of third-party apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins on our websites, such as social media sharing tools, also may use automated means to collect information regarding your interactions with these features. This information is collected directly by the providers of the features and is subject to the privacy policies or notices of these providers. Subject to applicable law, NWP is not responsible for these providers’ information practices.
How we use the information we collect
We use the information described above to perform the following activities:
Managing our client and partner relationships
Providing workforce solutions and connecting people to work
Creating and managing online accounts
Processing payments
Sending promotional materials, alerts regarding available positions and other communications
Communicating about, and administering participation in, special events, promotions, programs, offers, surveys, contests and market research
Responding to individuals’ inquiries
Operating, evaluating and improving our business (including developing, enhancing, analyzing and improving our services managing our communications; performing data analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions)
Protecting against, identifying and seeking to prevent fraud and other unlawful activity, claims and other liabilities
Complying with and enforcing applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards, contractual obligations and our policies.
In addition to the activities listed above, if you are a(water) professional, an associate or a job candidate and you apply for a position or create an account to apply for a position, as permitted under local law, we use the information described in this Privacy Statement to:
Provide you with job opportunities and work
Provide HR services to you, including administration of benefit programs, payroll, performance management and disciplinary actions
Provide additional services to you, such as training, career counseling and career transition services
Assess your suitability as a job candidate and your associate qualifications for positions
Perform data analytics, such as (i) analyzing our job candidate and associate base; (ii) assessing individual performance and capabilities, including scoring on work-related skills; (iii) identifying skill shortages; (iv) using information to match individuals and potential opportunities, and (v) analyzing pipeline data (trends regarding hiring practices).
We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at or prior to the time of collection.
In addition, we use information collected through cookies, web beacons, pixels, web server logs and other automated means for purposes such as (i) customizing our users’ use of our websites; (ii) delivering content tailored to our users’ interests and the manner in which our users use our websites; and (iii) managing our websites and other aspects of our business. To the extent required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before collecting information using cookies or similar automated means.
We also use third-party analytics services on our websites, such as those of Google Analytics and Adobe Omniture. The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons to help us analyze your use of our websites. The information collected through these means (including IP address) may be disclosed to these analytics providers and other relevant third parties who use the information, for example, to evaluate use of the websites. To learn more about these analytics services and how to opt out, please visit the following sites and any sites contained in the country-specific addenda:
Google Analytics
Adobe Analytics
Carerix
Mailchimp
Surveymonkey
Basecamp
Information we share
We do not disclose personal information we collect about you, except as described in this Privacy Statement or in separate notices provided in connection with particular activities. We share personal information with vendors who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. We do not authorize these vendors to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. We also may share your personal information:
with our subsidiaries and affiliates
if you are a job candidate, with clients who may have job opportunities available or interest in placing our job candidates
with others with whom we work, such as job placement consultants and subcontractors, to find you a job
In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process; (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials based on a lawful disclosure request; and (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity. We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).
Information collected through third-party plug-ins and widgets on the websites (such as information relating to your use of a social media sharing tool) is collected directly by the providers of the plug-ins and widgets. This information is subject to the privacy policies of the providers of the plug-ins and widgets, and NWP is not responsible for those providers’ information practices.
Your rights and choices
We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we collect about you and how we communicate with you. To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists, exercise your rights or submit a request, please contact us as indicated in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Privacy Statement. To the extent provided by the law of your jurisdiction, you may request access to the personal information we maintain about you or request that we correct, amend, delete or block the information by contacting us as indicated below. Where provided by law, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us or object at any time on legitimate grounds to the processing of your personal information, and we will apply your preferences going forward.
Data transfers
We transfer the personal information we collect about you to countries outside of the country in which the information originally was collected. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Global Privacy Statement.
How we protect personal information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
Forms submitted via our websites, such as the NWP membership form or an event registration form, will be deleted in our Content Management System two weeks after submissions or after the event took place.
Links to third-party websites, apps and services
For your convenience and information, our websites may provide links to third-party websites, apps and services that may be operated by companies not affiliated with NWP. These companies may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any other websites, apps or services.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement, would like to exercise your rights or would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please write, e-mail or call to:
Netherlands Water Partnership
PO Box 82327
2508 EH The Hague
The Netherlands
Phone: +31 70 304 3700
E-mail: info@nwp.nl