http://www.livingstreets.org.uk/policy-and-resources/our-policy/walking-and-health/
Contact Us
Scotland
Wales
Back
Home
Policy and resources
Our policy
Walking and health
What we say
Human beings are designed to be active, but the average UK adult spends around nine hours a day sitting.
Physical inactivity is a public health crisis. It is linked to over 20 chronic conditions and diseases, and responsible for one in six deaths in the UK.
Increased life expectancy is not matched by the number of healthy life years lived – some of us can expect to live up to two decades in ill health.
As our ageing population increases, so too will the burden on our already stretched health services.
What we want
Any physical activity is better than none and walking is the easiest way to get started.
We need our governments to start valuing walking as a form of transport. In response to this we want to see all transport projects assessed against their contribution to wider public policy objectives: to improve public health, improve air quality and decarbonise the transport sector.
It is time for our national and local governments to ‘decide to provide’ for more active and sustainable modes of transport.
Healthier streets are safe and welcoming for everyone, especially the very young, older and less able pedestrians.
Low traffic neighbourhoods are a great way to re-prioritise walking and cycling journeys – and healthy lifestyles and communities – at everybody’s doorstep.
The roll out of Local Cycling and Walking Infrastructure Plans provides the opportunity to map walking networks and predict people’s propensity to walk.
Read our new report
Download Is Walking a Miracle Cure? - PDF
Download the summary - pdf
Did you know?
1 in 6
Premature deaths in the UK attributed to physical inactivity.
40,000
Premature deaths each year in the UK attributed to air pollution.
14,300,000
Working days lost to stress, depression and anxiety every year.
Walking ‘is the most likely way all adults can achieve the recommended levels of physical activity’ according to the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence.
74% of adults in England agree that we should be reducing the amount we use motor vehicles for the sake of improving our health.
Physically active people report being happier, less anxious, and have a stronger sense of social integration - and activity can be as effective as antidepressants in treating mild depression.
Blog post
As we launch our new report, Is Walking A Miracle Cure?, our Policy and Research Assistant, Holly, discusses why the timing of its release matters, and takes us through some of its key findings.
Read Holly's blog post now
STEP UP WITH US SIGN UP FOR OUR EMAILS
First name
*
Last name
*
Email address
*
Postcode
*
Thanks for giving Living Streets your email address. We’ll keep you updated on our news, campaigns and donating. You can opt out at any time and we won’t share your details. We take the security of your data seriously – read our privacy policy.