http://www.rpaltd.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
enquiries@rpaltd.co.uk
+44 (0)1603 558442
+44 (0)1603 558442
Home
About
Services
Sectors
News
Contact us
Surveys
Projects
Report Library
COVID-19 Business Continuity Statement
Terms & conditions
Terms & conditions
Your use of the RPA website is subject to the terms detailed below. If you do not agree with these terms, please leave the website. If you choose to use the website, you agree to be bound by the following terms.
Unless otherwise indicated, on the RPA website ( “the website”, “this website”), Risk & Policy Analysts Ltd may also be represented as "Risk & Policy Analysts", “RPA”, “Our”, “We”, Us”;  Any party not of RPA may also be represented as “You”, “Your”, “They”, “Them”, “Those”, “One”, “All”, “Other”, “Anyone”, “the User”.
The content of the website is for general information and use only.  It is subject to change without notice.
We endeavour to provide content of a high standard on the website, however, we do not provide any guarantees, warranty or representation as to the accuracy, relevance or usefulness experienced by those using or viewing the website’s content, as such, to the fullest extent of English law, we hold no liability for errors or inaccuracies contained within it.
Any use of the website is done so entirely at your own risk, for which RPA will not be liable. We do not accept any liability for any losses (including, but not limited to, loss of business, profits or revenue) or damages of any description, occurring during or subsequent to use of the website.
The website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us including, but not limited to, the design, format, layout, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with copyright law.
Unless otherwise indicated, all copyright and intellectual property rights occurring in the content of the website, and in all hyperlinked material indicated as being a product of RPA, are owned by RPA.
The website may, at any time, include hyperlinks to other websites controlled by parties other than RPA. Unless otherwise stated, any links or references to other websites do not signify endorsement of any description and, as we have no control over the content of such linked websites, we are not responsible or liable for any such material.
Links to the website are not permitted without prior consent by RPA.
The website uses cookies to monitor visits to the site. Our Privacy Policy provides more information about cookies.
These terms and conditions, together with the privacy statement, are defined in accordance with English Law and, in using the website, you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the English Courts in relation to any matter or dispute arising out of, or in connection with your use of the website. Users accessing the website from countries outside the UK should note that RPA offers no warranty or guarantee as to whether the website content complies with the regulatory requirements of such countries.
Disclaimer
All rights are reserved. RPA authorises you to view all areas of the website and to download the text to file or print for your own use. All other reproduction of text or images requires permission from RPA.
If you have any questions or would like any further information, please get in touch.
Latest News
17. 11. 2020.
RPA has achieved Cyber Essentials PLUS Certification
RPA is pleased to announce we have achieved Cyber Essentials PLUS certification.
29. 10. 2020.
We've moved office!
We’ve got a big announcement here at RPA.