http://www.urbanecologycenter.org/about-us/privacy-policy.html
You are here:
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Urban
Ecology Center has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the urbanecologycenter.org website (“Website”). Please note that when you access any external links from urbanecologycenter.org, they may have different privacy policies specific to those sites. We encourage you to read all applicable privacy policies.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Terms of Use. By visiting this Website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. If you do not agree, please do not use or access this Website or our services.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE GATHER FROM THOSE WHO VISIT OUR WEBSITE?
When you visit our Website we collect and store any information you enter on our Website, or that you provide to us in offline contacts we have with you. We also collect information that is collected and stored automatically when you browse our Website. Information is collected from visitors to the Website in the following areas:
ORDER FORMS
Some areas of the Website may allow you to order products or services, whether or not for a fee. In connection with these transactions, we collect data necessary to complete the transaction. This may include contact information, e-mail address, telephone number and your credit card information.Information Collected and Stored Automatically—When you browse our Website, you and your web browser may also transmit information that we automatically collect. We do log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer), the web pages you visit and the time of your visit, and other click-stream data. This information may be combined with other personal information you have provided. This information is automatically provided by your browser, and we use such information to improve the performance of our Website, to determine how best to provide useful information to users, and to make improvements to the Website.
COOKIES INFORMATION
We may also place small data files, called “cookies,” in the browser file of your computer's hard drive. These cookies automatically identify your browser to our server whenever you interact with the Website. We use the cookies to record Website statistics. Most browsers automatically accept the cookies, but you usually can change your browser setting to prevent the acceptance of cookies. Certain web pages may not function properly if you choose not to accept cookies.
E-MAIL
On our site, you may also have an opportunity to communicate with us by e-mail. You may also choose to provide your e-mail address to receive communications from us or third parties.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Urban
Ecology Center values your privacy. Be assured that Urban
Ecology Center does not sell or rent your personal information to third-parties. We use your personal information to communicate with you if and when necessary in connection with your use of our Website, to respond to your questions, or to send you material and information. If you do not want your information used, discontinue all use of the Website. We may collect, track and/or use your information to:If you submit personally identifiable information to us, then we will use your information to provide you with the features and functionality of the Website.Personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product information in which you are most interested.There are also times when it may be advantageous for Urban Ecology Center to make certain personal information about you available to companies that Urban Ecology Center has a strategic relationship with or that perform work for Urban
Ecology Center to provide services to you on our behalf. For example, some areas of the Website may allow you to conduct e-commerce transactions (such as purchases, etc.). In connection with these transactions, we collect data necessary to complete the transaction that is furnished by you. This information may be furnished to a third party in order to facilitate the transaction.Neither the Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use or the operation of the Website imposes any duty upon Urban Ecology Center to retain any information obtained through the Website. Urban
Ecology Center may discard information it receives at its sole discretion.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
We may create links to other websites that we think may be of interest to you. We do not endorse or review the content of any other websites, and our privacy policy applies only to your use of our Website. We have not reviewed the privacy policies of any websites we link to our Website, and you should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may collect about you.
SECURITY
Since we are committed to your privacy and security, we have put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to attempt to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect online. However, please remember that no transmission of data over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us or from us, and you do so at your own risk. When you place an order or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. Once we receive your transmission, we use our best efforts to ensure its security on our systems.You should also take precautions to protect your personal data, when using the Website. Make sure you use a secure web browser.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
The Website is hosted in the United States. If you are a user accessing the Website from any other country with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, please be advised that through your continued use of the Website, you are transferring your personal information to the United
States and you consent to such transfer.
CHANGES IN URBAN ECOLOGY
CENTER'S PRIVACY POLICY
By using our Website, you consent to our collection and the use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy procedures, we will post these changes on our Website. You have the opportunity to review the privacy policy each time you use the Website so that you are aware of any modifications made to these policies.
QUESTIONS ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If you have questions about our Website and our privacy policy or disclaimer, please feel free to contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
back to top
Calendar
Connect
Email Sign-Up
Subscribe
* indicates required
Email Address *
First Name *
Last Name
Which Emails would you like to receive?
Weekly Guide (our main e-newsletter)
Field Notes (weekly updates during research season)
Leaflet (bi-weekly land stewardship updates)
Connect Now
Get Involved
EspañolBoard LoginContact UsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use
Copyright © 2020 The Urban Ecology Center