http://www.ccme.ca/en/privacy_policy.html
RESOURCES
Air
Acid Rain
Benzene
Dioxins and Furans
Jurisdictions’ Air Quality Programs
Mercury
Mobile Sources
National Framework for Petroleum Refinery Emission Reductions
Nitrogen Oxides and Volatile Organic Compounds
Ozone Depleting Substances
Particulate Matter and Ground-level Ozone
State of the Air
Wood Burning
AIT Notifications
Canadian Environmental Quality Guidelines
Canadian Environmental Quality Guidelines
Canadian Environmental Quality Guidelines Summary Table
Calculators
Scientific Criteria Documents
Climate Change
Contaminated Sites
Assessment
Canada-wide Standard for Petroleum Hydrocarbons (PHC CWS) in Soil
Management
Remediation Objectives
Environmental Assessment
Harmonization
Pollution Prevention
Waste
Biosolids
Organics
Extended Producer Responsibility
Hazardous Waste
Plastic Waste
Packaging
Polychlorinated Biphenyls (PCBs)
Waste Management
Water
Climate Change
Dental Amalgam Waste
From Source to Tap: The Multi-barrier Approach
Groundwater
Municipal Wastewater Effluent
Nutrient Management
Water Conservation
Water Quality
Water Valuation
Privacy Policy
The Canadian Council of Ministers of the Environment (CCME) collects personally identifying information about you only when you specifically and knowingly provide it to us.
Protecting Your Personal Information
Any personally identifiable data is stored securely and used only for the purpose for which it is provided to us.
CCME does not trade, sell, rent or give away your personal information (such as name, address, phone number, email address or company name) to third parties.
CCME Website
We log certain technical information from your computer’s Web browser when you visit us on the Internet. This information includes your Internet address, the address of the Web site you are coming from, the amount of time you spend visiting our Web site, the pages visited, the operating system and Web browser software you use, and, if you link to us through a search engine, the keywords you use to find our Web site. The logs do not record personal information and are used solely for statistical analysis of our site and to improve its content and layout.
Links to Other Sites
The CCME website contains links to other sites. Once you link to another site you are subject to the privacy and security policies of the new site. CCME encourages you to read the privacy policies of all websites you visit, especially if you share any personal information.
E-Mail to Us
When you send us e-mail, we will use your name and e-mail address only to respond to you. Your e-mail may be shared with appropriate people within CCME to help us respond to your concerns.
Changes to this Policy
If we alter our privacy policy in any way we will post the changes here so you can be aware of anything that may affect you in the way we disclose information. E-mail us at info@ccme.ca with any questions.
×
User Survey: Canadian Environmental Quality Guidelines
CCME would like to know how you use the Canadian Environmental Quality Guidelines so we can improve them. We’d love to hear from you through this quick 4 minute survey. Thank you.
SKIP
COMPLETE THE SURVEY