http://www.gbrmpa.gov.au/home/privacy
HomeHome
Privacy
Privacy
Toggle visiblity of this section
Privacy Impact Assessment Register
Privacy Statement - Incident Reporting
Privacy Statement - Permit application
Privacy Statement - Environmental Management Charge
Privacy Statement - Collection of personal information in the field
Privacy Statement - Public consultation under regulation 88D of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Regulations 1983
Privacy statement — Public consultation under regulation 74 of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Regulations 1983
Privacy statement - Improving the permission system
Privacy statement - Public consultation for the cost recovery implementation statement associated with the Permission System
Privacy statement - Branding research
Accessibility
Copyright
Security and Disclaimer
Site map
Freedom of information requests
Toggle visiblity of this section
Freedom of Information Disclosure Log
Information Publication Scheme
Toggle visiblity of this section
IPS document register
IPS indexed list of files
Portfolio Budget Statements
Scope
Personal Information (including sensitive information) you provide to the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority (“GBRMPA”) is protected by the Privacy Act 1988 (“Privacy Act”). The Privacy Act provides for 13 Australian Privacy Principles that regulate how we must handle your personal information.
This statement discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. Our aim is to provide an online environment which will ensure the personal information you provide to us (including any sensitive information) is handled in a secure, and efficient manner consistent with our obligations under the Privacy Act.
Information collected
We may collect personal information (including sensitive information) that is reasonably necessary for, or directly related to one or more of our functions or activities as provided for in theGreat Barrier Reef Marine Park Act 1975 (Cth) and the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Regulations 1983 (Cth).
When you use this website, we may collect personal information you give via online forms or by email, for example:
you may subscribe to a GBRMPA electronic mailing list, such as the GBRMPA newsletter or
you may make a written enquiry via GBRMPA’s online Contact Form
you may provide your personal information to gain access to restricted section of the GBRMPA website
We only use your personal information collected via the GBRMPA website to provide you with the service or product requested.
When you browse our website, our Internet Service Provider makes a record of your visits and logs (in server logs) the following information for statistical purposes:
your server and assigned IP address
your top level domain name (for example, .com, .gov, .au)
your operating system (for example, Windows, MAC)
the date and time of your visit to the site
the pages accessed and documents downloaded
the previous site you visited and
the type of browser used.
No attempt will be made to identify you or your browsing activities except in the event of a legal investigation where a law enforcement agency may exercise their legal authority to inspect the Internet Service Provider’s logs.
If we are unable to collect your personal information the product or service you have requested may not be met to your satisfaction.
Cookies
Some websites may use technology called cookies which are pieces of information that a website can transfer to your computer when you access information on that site. Cookies can make websites easier to use by storing information about your preferences on a particular website. The GBRMPA website does not use cookies.
Use and disclosure
We will not otherwise use or disclosure your personal information unless permitted by the Privacy Act.
If you send us an email message or enter your email on a form on our website it will not be added to a mailing list without your consent.
Security
Please refer to our security page.
How to contact us
Phone: + 61 7 4750 0700
Postal address: PO Box 1379, Townsville, QLD 4810 AUSTRALIA
Email: privacy@gbrmpa.gov.au
GBRMPA’s Privacy Policy
Please refer to GBRMPA's Privacy Policy if you wish to make a complaint about our handling of your personal information or you seek to correct/amend your personal information held by us. The complaint procedure can be viewed here.
Further information may also be obtained from the Australian Information Commissioner’s website www.oaic.gov.au
Links to other sites
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices of other websites and we encourage you to examine each websites privacy policy.
Share this: