http://www.telic.com/pages/terms-condition
Menu
0
Shop
All
Energy Flip Flop
Apres-Ski Boot
Z-Strap
Dream Clog
Mallory Sandal
Recharge Slide
Limited Edition
Gift Cards
Kids
Clearance
Hats
Story
Technology
Dr Testimonials
Athlete Testimonials
Login
0
Your Cart is Empty
Continue Shopping
$0.00 Subtotal
FREE SHIPPING anywhere in the US!
Login
Shop
Story
Technology
Dr Testimonials
Athlete Testimonials
Exclusive Offers
All
Energy Flip Flop
Apres-Ski Boot
Z-Strap
Dream Clog
Mallory Sandal
Recharge Slide
Limited Edition
Gift Cards
Kids
Clearance
Hats
Privacy Policy
Telic.com Privacy Policy
Telic International. (“Company”) recognizes that its customers, visitors, users, members and others who use Telic.com (“Website”) or other websites owned or operated by COMPANY (“COMPANY Services”) (collectively or individually “Users”) value their privacy. This Privacy Notice details important information regarding the use and disclosure of User information collected on COMPANY Services. COMPANY provides this Privacy Notice to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue using COMPANY Services. This Privacy Notice is incorporated into and is subject to the Website’s Terms of Use. Your use of COMPANY Services and any personal information you provide on COMPANY Services remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use. Please note that any writing, image, or other content posted at the direction of Users onto the COMPANY Sites becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Notice.
COMPANY Collects The Following Information:
1. User Provided Information: You provide certain personally identifiable information (such as your name and email address) to COMPANY when choosing to participate in various activities on COMPANY Services such as posting in our forums, entering contests or sweepstakes, taking advantage of promotions, responding to surveys, or subscribing to newsletters or other mailing lists.
2. Cookies Information: When you visit COMPANY Services, we may send one or more cookies – a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. COMPANY may use both session cookies and persistent cookies (persistent cookie remains after you close your browser.) Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the COMPANY Sites may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
3. Log File Information: When you use COMPANY Services, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser language, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. We may use your IP address to: 1.) help diagnose issues encountered by our server, 2.) administer our Website, and 3.) help identify your shopping cart as it pertains to purchases made by you via our Website.
4. Clear GIFs Information: When you use COMPANY Services, we may employ “clear GIFs” (a.k.a. Web Beacons) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our Users anonymously (i.e., in a non-personally- identifiable manner). In addition, we may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients.
COMPANY Uses Information in the Following Way:
1. If you submit personally identifiable information to us through COMPANY Services, then we may use your personal information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of COMPANY Services.
2. Any personal information that you voluntarily disclose online (via discussion boards, forums, in messages, areas within any public profile page, etc.) becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others. Your account name (not your email address) may be displayed to other Users when you post messages through COMPANY Services.
3. We do not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. We may, however, use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major COMPANY Services changes or for customer service purposes).
4. We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally- identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, clickstream data, etc.) to improve the quality and design of COMPANY Services and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing User preferences and trends.
5. We may use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit COMPANY Services; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in promotions, sweepstakes, and/or contests.
6. From time to time, we may contact Users to invite them to participate in usability surveys. Participation in these surveys is purely voluntary. Typically these surveys are anonymous and no personal information is requested. However, occasionally, we may request your email address for the purpose of sending you a reward for completing the survey. No personally identifiable information submitted will be shared with people who are not our authorized agents. Data collected through the survey is used to compile demographic information about our members and to assist us in making improvements to the COMPANY Services.
COMPANY Only Discloses Information When:
1. We provide personally identifiable information and non-personally- identifiable information to our affiliated companies or other businesses or persons for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our Privacy Policy, and we use reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information and to use other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
2. We do not share your personally identifiable information (such as name or email address) with other, third-party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out.
3. We may share non-personally- identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third-parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on COMPANY Services.
4. We may release personally identifiable information and/or non-personally- identifiable information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright Law) or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant.
5. COMPANY also reserves the right to disclose personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information that COMPANY believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to enforce our Terms of Use, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend itself against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of our web site, and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of COMPANY, our Users or others.
User Options:
You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through COMPANY Services, in which case COMPANY may not be able to provide certain services to you. You may update or correct your personal profile information and email preferences at any time by visiting your account profile page. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you profile access or making corrections. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.
Please contact COMPANY with any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, your personal information, your consent, or your opt-in or opt-out choices by emailing us at info@telic.com.
Linking Agreements with Other Sites Including Third-party Advertisers:
COMPANY allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within COMPANY Services. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on COMPANY Services. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content you see. COMPANY does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. However, please note that if an advertiser asks COMPANY to show an advertisement to a certain audience (for example, women ages 18-24) or audience segment (for example, women ages 18-34 who have viewed certain categories of content) and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. The advertiser may also use information regarding your use of COMPANY Services, such as the number of times you viewed an ad (but not any personally identifiable information), to determine which ads to deliver to you. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks for more information on their practices and for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices. COMPANY’s Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. COMPANY’s Commitment to Security of Data: COMPANY uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to COMPANY and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, COMPANY makes commercially reasonable efforts to secure our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
If COMPANY learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. COMPANY may post a notice on COMPANY Services if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive a free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice) you should notify us by emailing info@telic.com.
COMPANY’s Commitment to Privacy of Children: Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us. For that reason, COMPANY does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information or non-personally- identifiable information on COMPANY Services from persons under 18 years of age. If COMPANY learns that personally identifiable information of persons less than 18 years of age has been collected on the COMPANY Site, then COMPANY will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. International Users: If you are a User accessing COMPANY Services from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of COMPANY Services, which are governed by U.S. law, this Privacy Notice, and our Terms of Use, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer. In the Event of Sale, Merger, Acquisition, or Bankruptcy: In the event that COMPANY is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our Users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors’ rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used. Alterations and Updates to this Privacy Notice: This Privacy Notice may be revised periodically and this will be reflected by the “effective date” below. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. In general, we only use your personal information in the manner described in the Privacy Notice in effect when we received the personal information you provided. Your continued use of COMPANY Services constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Notice and any future revisions. For revisions to this Privacy Notice that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of the personal information you have already provided to us, we will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing such revisions with respect to such information.
Date Last Modified:
This Privacy Notice was last modified May 12, 2017.
Please contact COMPANY with any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice.
Contact Information:  info@telic.com
JOIN + GET $3 Throw down your email and get $3 off your first order!
Main menu
Shop
Story
Technology
Dr Testimonials
Athlete Testimonials
Learn More
International Partners
Locations
Size Chart
Become a Retailer
Blog
Titans
Retailer Login
Titans
Need Help?
Track Order
Locations
Common Questions
Shipping
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Returns & Exchanges
Contact
"Best Comfort Shoe"
“America’s recovery shoe” and winner of the  ‘Readers Choice Awards’  for Best Comfort Shoe.
© 2020 Telic.
Design by Marcus Lemonis Creative
Adult + Children's Size Chart
Find the Children's size chart below the Men's & Women's. *If you are in-between sizes (or unsure about your size),  please order one size up.
*Our footwear is made in medium to medium-wide lasts. The soft elastic properties of our Novalon® material (used exclusively in Telic), allows for a comfortable fit for many different foot shapes.  For wider feet, we do recommend to order up a size.
Men's & Women's
WOMENS
MENS
EURO
3XS 5
35
2XS 6
36/37
XS 7
38
S 8
39
M 9 8 40/41
ML 10 9 42
L 11 10 43
XL 12 11 44/45
2XL
12 46
3XL
13 47
4XL
14 48/49   Children's
US KIDS
EURO KIDS
UK KIDS
INCHES
CM
C5 20 4 4.75" 12.1
C6 22 5 5.125" 13
C7 23 6 5.5" 14
C8 24 7 5.75" 14.6
C9 25 8 6.125" 15.6
C10 27 9 6.5" 16.5
C11 28 10 6.75" 17.1
C12 30 11 7.125" 18.1
C13 31 12 7.5" 19.1
J1 32 13 7.75" 19.7
J2 33 1 8.125" 20.6
J3 34 2 8.5" 21.6
Sold Out