http://www.hantsastro.org.uk/dataprotection/privacystatement.php
Data Protection
Privacy Statement
Public Menu
Home Page
Contact Information
Committee
Our History
1960 to Now
Observatory Tour
24" Dome
16" Dome
12" Dome
7" Dome
5" Dome
Clubroom & Workshop
Site Safety For Visitors
Where We Are (Map)
Open Evenings
Safety Information
Booking Form
Open Days (Sun Live!)
Booking Form
School and Club Visits
Outreach
Hampshire Sky
Policies
Astronomy Courses
Courses For All
Scout/Guide Leaders Course
HAG Courses Website
Public Talks
Public Speakers
Science Projects
Meteors
Exoplanets
Variable Stars
Hoys-Caps Project
Spectroscopy
Light Pollution
The Duke Of Edinburgh
Young Astronomers
4 to 6 Years Old
7 to 11 Years Old
12 to 16 Years Old
Partners
Press, News & The Media
Gallery
The Sun
The Moon
Planets
Comets
Constellations
Nebulae
Star Clusters
Remote Scopes
The Weather
Galaxies
Miscellaneous
Meteors and Asteroids
Spectroscopy
Useful Resources
Harriot's
Moone Catalogue
How To Buy
A Telescope
Donating Equipment
Stellarium Software
Drawing The Moon
Creating a Moon Mosaic
Home Made
10" Telescope
Buying A Star?
Links to Other Sites
Data Protection
Privacy Statement
Member’s Area
Weather Station
Data Privacy
Statement
April 2018
Introduction
Following the introduction of the
new General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), which came into force of 25th
May 2018, we would like to let you know what the Hampshire Astronomical Group
does with personal data given to it by members of the public.
Firstly, we strongly believe in protecting
your personal data which is why we collect only the absolute minimum data where
necessary.
Basis for obtaining Personal Data
When signing up for any visits to
the Group, either privately organised or public open evening/day visit, the
minimum of information is obtained so that we can fulfil our part of the
‘contract’ to provide you with a service (the visit). This data is deleted each
August – after the visit season. The reason for the delay is so that we can
communicate with visitors about their visit – often because property has been left
at the observatory and we would like to reunite property with its owners.
When anyone wishing to become a
member of the Hampshire Astronomical Group applies for membership the minimum
personal contact details will be collected by the Group for the basis of
contacting you.
The Group operates a 24 hr CCTV
system within the observatory for the purposes of safety and security.  Images are erased after 30 days.
Data Processing
The Group lawfully processes your
personal data; by which we mean we will create a list (name only) for your
visit so that our volunteers on duty will know who to expect to visit on the
evening/day. We will remove personal data after the visit and record visit
statistics for our future planning.
Data Sharing
We do not share, give, sell or
otherwise pass on any personal data to other organisations. The technical
exception is where we hold the data on a ‘cloud’ and where our internet service
provider performs a service to the Group such as hosting our website. We have
ensured that both these organisations are also GDPR compliant and hold data
securely and in accordance with the European GDPR regulations. These internet
companies will not contact you, send Spam, adverts or other forms of
communication as a result of our contract with them.
The Group would be required to
share personal data if required to do so by law. Such circumstances would
include for the prosecution of any offence committed. Also personal data would
be shared if there are any legal disputes between the Group and any person.
Your Rights
You have the right to ensure that
we process your personal data fairly and where we do hold your personal data,
that information is accurate.
You have to right to ensure that
we do not hold personal data about you longer than is necessary and to have that
data removed (also known as the right to be forgotten or the right to
erasure).  However, we do remove your
personal data in the case of visits annually. As described, if you wish this
data is removed sooner, please contact the Group.
Data subject request
To make a request to see what
data we hold, what processing the Group does with your personal data or to have
data erased, you should contact the Group. You can make that request by
emailing membership@hantsastro.org.uk or writing to us at the address on our website.
The Group will have 28 days to
respond to your request. There is no fee attached to making this request.
Data Breaches and Complaints
If you believe there has been a
data breach with your personal data, you should immediately contact the Group
by emailing membership@hantsastro.org.uk or writing to us at the address on our website.
The data breach will be
investigated and findings reported back to you.
Further information regarding
GDPR and making a complaint to a higher authority can be found at the
Information Commissioners Office at www.ico.org.uk
Should you require any further
details, please do not hesitate to contact the group.
This site and all contents are copyright © 2007-2020 Hampshire Astronomical Group.
Any opinions and views expressed in this site are not necessarily those of the Webmaster, Committee or Group.
Where Links take you to other sites, the Committee and Webmaster cannot be held responsible for the content of those sites.
Last updates:
Science Section last updated : 6th April 2010 - 12:04am (Matt Charman)
Image Gallery last updated : 5th December 2020 - 9:59pm (Steve Knight)
Lunar 100 gallery last updated : 13th August 2015 - 11:01am (Matt Charman)
Announcements last updated : 28th November 2020 - 12:01am (Steve Knight)
Events information last updated : 6th December 2020 - 10:03am (Steve Broadbent
)
Memberships last updated : 8th December 2020 - 1:19pm (Steve Knight)
Volunteers information last updated : 23rd October 2020 - 4:40pm (Lindy Bryant)
Chairman's Update last updated : 11th November 2020 - 9:08am (Steve Broadbent
)
Maintenance Section last updated : 14th August 2020 - 1:23pm (Steve Broadbent
)
Designed by Matt Charman (Magimedia)