http://www.newport-scientific.com/privacy/privacy.php
HomeAbout UsSupportContact Us
Search
Catalog Number
Product Description
NEWPORT SCIENTIFIC, INC.8246 Sandy Court, Suite EJessup, MD
20794Phone:
301-498-6700Fax:
301-490-2313Email: sales@newport-scientific.com
Privacy PolicyPRIVACY STATEMENTOverviewNewport Scientific, Inc. ("NSI") is committed to respecting the privacy of the users of our website (the "Site"). We strive to provide a safe, secure user experience. This Privacy Statement sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to the Site. By using the Site, you consent to the policies and practices described in this Statement.Your data will be stored and processed in whole or in part in the United States. If you access the Site outside the United States, your usage of that site constitutes consent to the transfer of your data out of your country and to the United States.Our Site may contain links to other websites over which we have no control. NSI is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other websites to which you choose to link from our Site. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other websites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information. This Privacy Statement applies solely to the information we collect on the Site, and does not apply to information we collect in any other fashion.Collection and Retention of InformationIn some areas of the Site, NSI requests or may request that you provide certain personal information, including your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, contact information, billing information and any other information from which your identity is discernible. NSI will not, however, ask you on this Site for your social security number, employer identification number, credit card number or for any other banking or financial information. Any such information will be collected solely through direct communication with you by NSI's home office. Should you attempt to provide any such information through the Site, you shall be doing so at your own risk.We also gather or may gather certain information about your use of the Site, such as what areas you visit and what services you access. Moreover, there is information about your computer hardware and software that is or may be collected by NSI. This information can include without limitation your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.NSI may sometimes provide you with the opportunity to provide descriptive and/or preferential information about your company and/or yourself, but it is solely up to you whether you furnish such information. If you do provide such information, you are thereby consenting to the use of that information in accordance with the policies and practices described in this Statement. For example, such information may be used for the purpose of determining your potential interest in receiving email or other communications about particular products or services.Use of Information by NSIWe use the information we gather on the Site, whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for the purpose of operating and improving the Site, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services that we offer.We may also use the information we gather to inform you and/or your company of other products or services available from NSI or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered.We may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates at the Site, which may be of interest to you. The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about your company and/or you.Disclosure of Information to OthersWe do not disclose to third parties your personal information, combined personal and demographic information or information about your use of the Site (such as the areas you visit or the services you access), except as set forth in the following five subparagraphs.We may disclose such information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure. For example, if you indicate that you would like to receive information about the products or services of third parties, we may supply your contact information to third parties for the purpose of sending you e-mail or otherwise communicating with you. We may use data we have about you (such as the preferences which you have expressed) to determine whether you might be interested in the products or services of a particular third-party.We may disclose such information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include hosting our Web servers, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, and providing customer service. These companies and individuals will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they may not share that information with any other third party.We may disclose such information if legally required to do so, if requested to do so by a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of NSI or its affiliates; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.We may disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires all or a substantial portion of NSI's business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, in the event NSI becomes the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, NSI or its trustee in bankruptcy may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the bankruptcy court.NSI may also share aggregated anonymous information about visitors to its Site with its clients, partners and other third parties so that they may understand the kinds of visitors to NSI's site and how those visitors use the site.Use of CookiesNSI uses "cookies" to help maximize your online experience and time online. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard drive by a Web page server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster and more accurate results and a more personalized site experience. When you return to the Site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized. We also use cookies to track click streams and for load balancing.You may have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline all cookies if you prefer. Alternatively, you may be able to modify your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis. If you choose to decline cookies, however, that may hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on the Site.Updating Your InformationIf you opted to receive newsletters, commercial e-mails or other communications from NSI or third parties but subsequently change your mind, you may opt-out by contacting NSI's home office. If you previously opted not to receive such communications, you may later opt-in by contacting NSI's home office.SecurityNSI has implemented reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. We cannot, however, guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.When you place an order online through the Site, you will need to provide sufficient information to us to finalize the purchase order and to generate an invoice. Do not provide any information concerning your social security number, employer identification number or credit card number, or any other information concerning your banking or financing sources. Such information is not secure and is provided at your own risk.Changes to Privacy StatementIf we decide to change our Privacy Statement for NSI, we will post those changes on the Site so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it.Contact InformationNSI is a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business at 8246  Sandy Court, Suite E, Jessup, Maryland 20794. The telephone and fax numbers for NSI are (301) 498-6700 and (301) 490-2313, respectively.
Privacy PolicySite Map
Terms of Use
© 2006 Newport Scientific Inc.
___________________________