http://www.sandyspringcsa.com/privacy/
Privacy
Privacy Policy:
Sandys Health Corner ("Sandys Health Corner")
operates sandyspringcsa.com and may operate other websites. It
is Sandys Health Corner's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Sandys Health Corner collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Sandys Health Corner's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Sandys Health Corner's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Sandys Health Corner may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Sandys Health Corner also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on sandyspringcsa.com
blogs/sites. Sandys Health Corner only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Sandys Health Corner's websites choose to interact
with Sandys Health Corner in ways that require Sandys Health Corner to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Sandys Health Corner gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at sandyspringcsa.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Sandys Health Corner are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Sandys Health Corner collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Sandys Health Corner. Sandys Health Corner does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Sandys Health Corner may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Sandys Health Corner may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Sandys Health Corner does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Sandys Health Corner discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Sandys Health Corner's behalf or to provide services available
at Sandys Health Corner's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Sandys Health Corner's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Sandys Health Corner will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Sandys Health Corner discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Sandys Health Corner believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Sandys Health Corner, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Sandys Health Corner website and have supplied your email address, Sandys Health Corner
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Sandys Health Corner and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Sandys Health Corner takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Sandys Health Corner uses cookies to
help Sandys Health Corner identify and track visitors, their usage of Sandys Health Corner
website, and their website access preferences. Sandys Health Corner visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Sandys Health Corner's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Sandys Health Corner's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Sandys Health Corner, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Sandys Health Corner goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Sandys Health Corner may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Sandys Health Corner and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Sandys Health Corner may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Sandys Health Corner's sole
discretion. Sandys Health Corner encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a sandyspringcsa.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Find out about the latest Weight loss programsSignup today and receive free updates straight in your inbox. We will never share or sell your email address.
I agree to have my personal information transfered to AWeber ( more information )
Search
Recent Posts
Tips on How to Deal with Diabetes
Factors to Consider When Choosing Walkers for Seniors
How to find the best SUP board for a novice?
Facts to know about sciatic nerve pains
Achieve better dental health with the help of an experienced Clearwater Fl dentist
How to Choose the Right Chiropractor
When Choosing A Chiropractor
Top Vaping Techniques You Should Know
Benefits Of Medical Marijuana
Women’s HealthError type: "Forbidden". Error message: "The request is missing a valid API key." Domain: "global". Reason: "forbidden". Did you added your own Google API key? Look at the help.Check in YouTube if the id WomensHealthMag belongs to a . Check the FAQ of the plugin or send error messages to support. BMI Calculator
Find out about the latest Weight loss programsSignup today and receive free updates straight in your inbox. We will never share or sell your email address.
I agree to have my personal information transfered to AWeber ( more information )
Men’s HealthError type: "Forbidden". Error message: "The request is missing a valid API key." Domain: "global". Reason: "forbidden". Did you added your own Google API key? Look at the help.Check in YouTube if the id MensHealthMag belongs to a . Check the FAQ of the plugin or send error messages to support.