http://www.haver.com/disclaimer.html#privacy
Home
Our Data
Software
About Haver
Client Area
What we do
Our Partners
Contact Us
Recent Updates:
Estonia: Analytical Accounts of the Central Bank (Nov)
Malaysia: Manufacturing Sales & Wages (Oct)
Malaysia: Labor Force (Oct)
Korea: First 10 Days of Trade (Dec)
Japan: Monetary Survey (Oct)
more updates...
About Haver
Disclaimer and Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Haver Analytics provides this website as a convenience to its customers and the public. By using this site or the information, data or materials provided, you acknowledge and agree to the following terms and conditions:
The content from or through this site is provided on an "as-is," "as available" basis without warranty of any kind, including, but not limited to, express and implied warranties of merchantability, title, quality, fitness for a particular use and non-infringement. Haver Analytics uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up–to–date information on this website; it does not, however, make any representations or warranties as to its accuracy or completeness. Haver Analytics periodically adds, changes, improves or updates the information and documents on this website without notice. Haver Analytics assumes no legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, correctness or completeness of any information available through this website. Commentary with bylines represent the views of the author and do not necessarily represent the views of Haver Analytics or its management.
This site contains links to information outside of Haver Analytics website as an additional resource. The linked sites are not under Haver Analytics, and Haver Analytics is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link. Haver Analytics provides these links only as a convenience.
Reproduction of any information contained herein may be made without limitation as to quantity, provided it is not distributed for the purpose of private gain and is appropriately credited to Haver Analytics or its respective publication.
A courtesy copy of the publication containing the cited material may be forwarded to:
Haver AnalyticsCited Material60 East 42nd Street, New York, NY 10165
Haver Analytics does not permit the use of its name in advertising, as an endorsement for any product or for any other commercial purpose.
Privacy Policy
Haver Analytics respects your privacy.
The personal information you choose to provide us is voluntary. We do not require you to provide any information about yourself that you do not wish to share.
You may choose to provide us with personal information if, for example, you subscribe to our services, send us questions through e-mail or register for an event.
If you provide us with your postal or e-mail address or telephone number, this information will only be used to:
provide you with the information requested;
clarify your order or request;
register you for an event; or
provide you with related information.
Your on-line communications are not encrypted. We cannot guarantee the security of the information sent electronically, whether submitted via on-line form or e-mail. Minor children should always obtain parental consent before releasing personal information to any website.
Any information collected on this website, whether individual or aggregate, is for Haver Analytics use only.
No information about visitors to this website is released or sold to third parties.
Questions or comments about the Haver Analytics privacy policy may be directed to our website administrators at [email protected].
Client support
Please call our client support line staffed by database managers with extensive knowledge of economic data, or email our support staff with any inquiries.
Phone: +1 212 986 9300
Email: [email protected]
New York Office
60 East 42nd Street
New York, NY 10165
USA
London Office
Salisbury House
29 Finsbury Circus
London, EC2M 5QQ, UK
Singapore Office
9 Raffles Place,
Republic Plaza
Singapore 048619
Tokyo Office
Pacific Century Place Marunouchi 8F
1-11-1 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo 100-6208, Japan
feedback
contact us
disclaimer
privacy
Copyright 2020 Haver Analytics. All rights reserved.