http://www.cepa-europe.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
COVID-19 news
Professional pest management critical to sustaining public health during COVID-19.
Get more news
Knowledge hub
Privacy policy
Scope
This policy directly covers data collected by CEPA aisbl hereinafter “CEPA” at this website. 3rd Parties may also collect data from this website; those parties are not directly covered by this policy unless they are acting as a service provider to CEPA. Though an informative section on 3rd parties has been included in this policy, this policy does not specifically cover the activities of 3rd parties where such parties are not acting as a service provider to CEPA.
Data collected at this site
This website collects user generated data from two primary sources:
1) Passive Web Traffic Data
2) User Submitted Data
Passive Web Traffic Data
The process of viewing pages on this site represents a two-way communication between a user’s web browser and this site’s web server. When pages are requested your browser will send certain standard information, which is used by our servers to respond to your request. Much of this information is logged as part of the standard web serving practice and may be used to analyze the website’s use, optimize the functionality and debug potential problems. Passive information typically logged by this site includes:
IP address
URL of page requested
Referring URL of page linking to requested page
Time of page request
Information about requesting computer including operating system and browser version
Success status of page request
Language preference of requesting browser
Cookies (further details in Cookies section)
Passive Web Traffic Data collected by CEPA is not used to specifically identify individuals and is not shared with 3rd parties. This data will be retained as needed to maintain site functionality or for a maximum of one year.
User Submitted Data
This site contains various forms and pages, which may ask users to submit information including personally identifiable information. Examples of these pages include, but are not limited to contact pages and careers pages.
Personally Identifiable Information collected through these pages will be used solely for the purpose for which it was offered. Information submitted as part of the career seeking process will be retained and shared only with parties within CEPA or outsourced agents working on our behalf or as part of the career and recruitment process.
Personal Information submitted at this site will be processed in Belgium and any submission of personal information on this site represents your consent for such data to be stored and processed in Belgium.
Cookies
A cookie is piece of text, which is either stored by your browser, as a text file, or maintained in by your browser’s memory in order to provide consistency between subsequent page interactions. Cookies are merely reminders of what you have done or submitted in the past, such as establishing a language or zip code preference or placing an item in a shopping cart. Analytics cookies used by CEPA on this site are used to understand traffic and usage patterns that allow us to better understand how the site is used and to optimize future performance. These analytics cookies do not store or link to personally identifiable information.
Cookies may be set or received by either 1st parties or 3rd parties. On this site the first party is www.cepa-europe.org. All cookies set or sent from that domain are 1st party cookies. Cookies set or received from other parties are 3rd party cookies. Please see the following section on 3rd Parties.
To learn more about cookies or to opt-out of many 3rd party cookies please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance at http://www.aboutads.info.
3rd Parties and 3rd Party Cookies
This site contains content provided by 3rd parties. Inclusion of 3rd party content allows these 3rd parties to collect Passive Web Traffic Data including their own cookies. If you have a previous relationship with a 3rd Party appearing on this site, for example with a social media provider, that relationship, including such party’s ability to identify you, may continue on this site. These parties’ data practices are governed by the privacy policy agreed to between you and such parties and is not directly covered by this policy.
Security
At all times data collected at this site will be protected by security measures commensurate with the level of sensitivity of the underlying data. For purpose of clarity, Personally Identifiable User Submitted Data is subject to higher security requirements than is Passive Web Traffic Data.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this privacy policy at any time. You are encouraged to review this privacy policy from time to time.
Questions, Comments or Concerns
If you have questions comments or concerns relating to this site’s privacy policy please email us at
andrea@cepa-europe.org.
Membership benefits
Join us