https://www.datalyzer.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Products
SPC software
Gage Management software
FMEA software
OEE software
SPC Wizard
CAPA software
Dashboard software
DataLyzer Notification Service
Big Data and SPC Integration
Training
APQP Training
SPC Training
Free SPC Training
FMEA Training
MSA Training
Online Training
Free Webinars
Resources
Overview
What is SPC?
What is FMEA?
What is MSA?
What is OEE?
Whitepapers
Customers
Industries
Geography
About
Company
Resellers
Why Choose Us?
Contact Us
Jobs
Support
Newsletters
Trial & Buy
Request quotation
Trial & Buy
Request Online Demo
English
Spanish
French
German
Portuguese
Dutch
Thai
Chinese
Danish
Polish
Homepage >
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This page describes the privacy policy of DataLyzer International. The General Data Protection Regulation will be in effect in Europe from May 25, 2018 and we have adjusted our privacy policy accordingly.
We take our obligations regarding your privacy and the processing of your personal data very seriously. That is why we have taken appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure that the transfer and retention of data is secure. We ask you to read our privacy policy carefully because it states how and for what purposes we collect personal data and how you can request to view, change or remove this data.
Registration of personal data
DataLyzer International processes personal data when our services are used and / or when these are provided to us. In some cases, data has been supplied by an external party, which asks us to process the data for the execution of an assignment. DataLyzer International processes so-called 'Ordinary personal data' and no special or criminal personal data. DataLyzer International processes personal data on the basis of the following 2 principles:
- Permission from the person concerned.
- The data processing is necessary for the execution of an agreement.
The following criteria are taken into account:
- Freely given: data subjects have freely given permission and are not pressured for giving permission.
- Unambiguously: there is a clear action. For example, participants have signed up for a newsletter, handed a business card, registered for a training course or event, commissioned to carry out a project, or otherwise indicated in written or oral terms that permission has been granted. Permission is given by the parties involved (directly) or by a colleague (indirectly).
- Necessary: if there is an agreement with the person concerned that makes the processing of personal data necessary.
DataLyzer International records (personal) data for the following purposes:
- Conducting a financial administration for handling payments.
- The ability to deliver goods and services to you.
- To call or e-mail if necessary to carry out our services, including sending invitations and updates.
- Inform you about changes to our services and products.
- Sending our newsletter and / or other physical and digital information.
Third parties
We do not promote or engage in "spam" e-mailing. Information provided through inquiry forms is used for internal purposes only, including sending sales brochures and trial CDs to domestic inquiries. Unless otherwise indicated, a sales person may call to verify receipt of these materials and offer to answer additional questions. Certain inquiries may be forwarded to a local distributor depending on location.
Personal information
Customer information, files, or databases uploaded to our web server for technical support purposes will be handled with the utmost integrity and concern for privacy. All personal information pertinent to transactions, including credit card information, is utilized on secure servers and protected by industry-standard Secure Socket Layer encryption.
Duration of storage of personal data
We do not store your data any longer than necessary.
Data security
We take the protection of personal data very seriously and have taken appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized modification.
When a data breach is discovered, we will report it to the 'Authority for Personal Data' (AP). If there is a suspicion of poor security or indications of abuse, contact DataLyzer International.
Rights involved / consent
You have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. You also have the right to withdraw your consent to data processing or to object to the processing of your personal data. You also have the right to data transferability, which means that you can submit a request to us to send the personal data we have available to you in a computer file. You can send a request to cwijkniet@datalyzer.com. We will handle such a request within a week.
If you receive our newsletter, you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of the newsletter.
We would like to point out that you have the opportunity to file a complaint with the national supervisory authority, the 'Authority for Personal Data' (AP).
Get in Touch!
Useful Links
Privacy Policy
Terms of Services
Sitemap
Quick Links
Company
Products
Support
Whitepapers
Resellers
Contact Us
Jobs
Newsletter Subscription
Email Signup to our newsletters below to be informed about latest product updates, events, whitepapers and videos from DataLyzer.