http://www.motoman.com/special-pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you very much for visiting our website. We take the protection of your personal data very seriously, so that while striving to offer you an satisfying online experience, we also aim to preserve your right of informational self-determination. Our intent is to apply General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) standards of privacy and data usage for all of our website visitors.
1. What will we do with your data?
Personal data that you decided to share with us will be processed and used within the Yaskawa group for handling your request, application or order. If applicable, the relevant data will be passed on to an authorized Motoman Strategic Partner (MSP) for handling.
For efficient customer management, your data may be stored in our CRM-Software “Salesforce.com”. Data in Salesforce are saved and processed in data centers in the United States, and shared with Yaskawa regional offices, as appropriate. In addition, Salesforce is also certified by eTrust and has a data protection certificate by TÜV Saar.
However, we will not sell your data to third parties or market them in any other way.
2. When will we collect, process and utilize personal data from you?
Whenever a user accesses our web offering or downloads a file, we will save the access information of this operation as protocol data.
Each data set consists of:
the website you used to link to our page
the IP address
the date and time of access
the request of the client
the http answer code
the amount of data transferred
information on the browser and operating system you use.
If the web page offers the option of inputting personal or business data (e.g. your email address, name, or postal address), it is completely up to you whether you disclose this information. We will use personalized data only for the purpose they were given to us. We will sometimes commission a signed Motoman Strategic Partner to fulfill your service request, or to handle your query or application. These third parties will receive the data necessary to carry out their task and will use them for this purpose only. Motoman Strategic Partners also have a contractual obligation to comply with this privacy statement.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “anonymizeIp” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking).
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, may use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to this website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
3. What are your rights concerning your data?
Upon request, you are entitled to obtain free-of-charge information on any personalized data that have been stored about you. The Federal Data Protection Act also entitles you to have these personal data corrected, blocked or deleted. For these purposes, please contact our corporate Data Protection Officer by writing a letter or an email (see contact page).
4. What are cookies and what are they used for?
For your convenience and to make your visit to our website as enjoyable as possible, we use cookies in the display of our product offering. Cookies are small text files that are placed in the visitor’s local browser cache.
It is of course entirely up to you to deactivate the use of cookies or to delete cookies already placed on your computer by changing the settings on your browser.
Please check the help function of your browser or software supplier for instructions on how to deactivate or delete cookies.
5. Do you have any other questions?
If you have any more questions concerning the collection, processing or utilization of your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer via e-mail to marketing@motoman.com.
Yaskawa Store
Yaskawa Partners
Contact Us
Customer Service - 937-847-3200
Yaskawa Sales - 937-847-6200
This website stores cookies on your computer to provide you with more personalized services on this website and through other media.