http://www.energy.ca.gov/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
CA.gov
Share via Facebook
Share via Twitter
Share via LinkedIn
Share via Email
About
Careers
Contact
Events
Newsroom
Resources
Settings
Default
High Contrast
Reset
Increase Font SizeIncrease Font Size
Decrease Font SizeDecrease Font Size
View AllClose
Home
Proceedings
Sub Menu Toggle
Proceedings
Active Proceedings
Business Meetings
Dockets
E-Filing and E-Commenting
Opportunities for Public Participation
Siting Cases
Rules and Regulations
Sub Menu Toggle
Rules and Regulations
Appliance Efficiency Regulations
Building Energy Efficiency
Energy Suppliers Reporting
State Energy Management
Warren-Alquist Act
Programs and Topics
Sub Menu Toggle
Programs and Topics
All Programs
All Topics
Funding
Sub Menu Toggle
Funding
Solicitations
Awards
Funding Resources
Funding Workshops
Grants Ombudsman
Feedback Opportunities
Data and Reports
Sub Menu Toggle
Data and Reports
California Power Generation and Power Sources
Energy Almanac
Energy Insights
Energy Maps
Integrated Energy Policy Report
Planning and Forecasting
Reports
Surveys
Tracking Progress
Showcase
Sub Menu Toggle
Showcase
Driving to Cleaner Transportation
Energy Innovation Showcase
California Energy Commission
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updated June 17, 2019
The personal information collection and management policies, practices, and procedures implemented by the California Energy Commission are governed by law. The Energy Commission’s privacy policy complies with Government Code sections 11015.5 and 11019.9, the Information Practices Act of 1977 (Civil Code section 1798 et seq.), and the California Public Records Act (Government Code section 6250 et seq.).
Personal Information: Definition and Requirement to Obtain Lawfully
The Energy Commission may collect and maintain personal information only through lawful means. Agency employees who collect or maintain personal information do so consistent with the Information Practices Act. Personal information includes, but is not limited to, any information that identifies or describes an individual, including his or her name, social security number, physical description, home address, home telephone number, education, financial matters, and medical or employment history. Personal information also includes statements made by, or attributed to, the individual.
Restrictions on Collection and Use of Personal Information
The purposes for which the Energy Commission may collect personal information will be specified at or before such information is collected. The information collected is relevant to the purpose for which it is needed. Any subsequent use of the information will be limited to and consistent with the fulfillment of those purposes previously specified.
The Energy Commission will not disclose, use for any purpose other than as specified at the time it was collected, or make available any personal information collected, except with the written consent of the subject of the information or as otherwise permitted by law or regulation.
Protection of Personal Information
The Energy Commission protects personal information against loss, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification, or transfer through a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, employee training, authentication, monitoring, auditing, and encryption to ensure that proper administrative, technical, and physical safeguards are established and followed to protect the confidentiality of the information.
Individuals have a right to access information about themselves and may request to correct inaccuracies. See the contact information below about how to request access or correct personal information.
Website Information
Visitors to the Energy Commission's website should be aware that during the data linking to the website, a cookie may be created. Temporary cookies may be used when necessary to complete a transaction, to process data submitted online, to facilitate an ongoing Internet interaction, or to understand trends in about how the website is used. Cookies do not compromise privacy or security and last only until the user closes the browser. Using web browser settings, a user can refuse the cookies or delete the cookie file. Each browser has its own method for removing cookies. Information about how to delete cookies can be found at AboutCookies.org.
When a user visits the website, transaction log information is collected, which includes the visitor's domain name or Internet Protocol address, browser software used, requests submitted to web servers, date and time the website was accessed, and statistical information about which web pages were visited. This information is defined as electronically collected information, under Government Code section 11015.5. Under Government Code section 11015.5, a user may have any personal information collected about the user or discarded without reuse or distribution, provided the Energy Commission is contacted in a timely fashion. Information about how to request that the Energy Commission discard transaction log information is below.
More detailed data will be collected for anyone who voluntarily participates in an activity that asks for specific information (that is, completing a request for assistance, personalizing the content of the website, sending an email, or participating in a survey). Choosing not to participate in these activities will not affect one's ability to use any other feature of the website.
Transaction log information will be disclosed to Energy Commission staff to help manage and improve the website. The information helps staff to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of the website and helps improve the website for future visitors.
If any type of personal information is collected on the website or volunteered by the user, state law, including the Information Practices Act of 1977, Government Code section 11015.5, and the federal Privacy Act of 1974 require that it must be protected. The Energy Commission will not distribute or sell any electronically collected personal information about users to any third party. Electronically collected personal information is exempt from requests made under the California Public Records Act.
Responsible Official and Contact Information
The Energy Commission’s Privacy Officer is responsible for implementing and enforcing the privacy policy.
Send questions, comments, or complaints about the policy or requests for personal information access, correction, or deletion to privacy@resources.ca.gov.
Energy Commission Website Privacy
The Energy Commission adheres to the above-mentioned state laws related to privacy. The following pages on the website may collect information that could be subject to the state's privacy laws and regulations:
Comments and Concerns
Language Barriers
List Serve
Public Records Act Requests
Request a Speaker
Delegation Visit
The Comments and Concerns online form complies with Assembly Bill 206, the Citizens Complaint Act of 1997 (Hertzberg, Chapter 416, Statutes of 1997). The Energy Commission's Media and Public Communications Office reviews, responds to, and keeps copies of the online form submissions.
The printable Language Barriers form complies with the Dymally-Alatorre Bilingual Services Act. The Energy Commission’s Public Advisor’s Office reviews, responds to, and keeps copies of the form submissions.
The Energy Commission’s List Serve page and forms throughout the website allow the public to subscribe to various automated email lists. The Energy Commission webmaster maintains subscription email addresses. The addresses are confidential and are not available to the public or for any other purpose.
The Public Records Act Requests online form complies with state regulations that require agencies to have a web-accessible form for the public to submit a request. The Energy Commission’s Office of the Chief Counsel reviews and responds to the request and keeps the information as part of the public record.
The Energy Commission's Media and Public Communications Office reviews, responds to, and keeps copies of Request a Speaker online form submissions.
The Energy Commission's Media and Public Communications Office reviews, responds to, and keeps copies of Delegation Visit online form submissions.
Contact
California Energy Commission
1516 Ninth Street
Sacramento, CA 95814
Contact Us | Directions
Careers
Come be part of creating a clean, modern and thriving California.
Learn More
Campaigns
Register to Vote
Be Counted, California
Energy Upgrade California
Flex Alert