https://www.jdrcables.com/about/corporate-responsibility/jdr-website-privacy-policy/
Information Policy The use of this web page constitutes an acceptance of the following conditions, applicable laws and privacy policy.
The owner of the service is www.jdrcables.com JDR Cable Systems Ltd.
Information published on this website does not constitute an offer within the meaning of the Civil Code.
JDR Cable Systems makes all reasonable efforts to make the information published on the website factually correct.
The service owner is not responsible for the legal consequences of the use of the information published on the website.
Representatives of the media are entitled to use the information published in the appropriate sections if the source is provided.
Images, names, logos used in this service are subject to copyright, they are legally protected and may not be published and modified.
Privacy policy
JDR Cables respects the privacy of users and visitors to company’s Web sites.
This document defines the practices used by JDR Cables in respect of personal data, how they are collected, the purposes for which they may be used, and persons that the data are intended for.
For the purposes of this document, JDR Cables shall be defined by all the production plants located in Europe and its branches together with their distribution networks, covering the areas of international sales regions. The Board of JDR Cables means the Management Board of TELE-FONIKA Kable SA, the parent company within the Capital Group
The JDR Cables website serves a specific purpose and has characteristics assigned to them. If there appears the need to collect personal information on one of JDR Cables websites, JDR Cables will inform you about this via appropriate JDR Cables website notices.
Personal data
As a general rule, most JDR Cables websites do not require giving your personal information. It may, however, happen that JDR Cables will need your personal data to best meet your requirements, for example, to obtain mailing data, to respond to your question or for other similar purposes. Personal data may include your first name, last name, addresses, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses and other information.
Collection of personal data
JDR Cables will collect your personal data for specific, clearly defined and legitimate purposes. JDR Cables will not treat your personal data in a way that is incompatible with those purposes.
When collecting personal data, JDR Cables shall inform the person concerned at the time of or before collecting the data, or at least before it uses the data for a specific purpose.
JDR Cables is committed to collecting only the data that is adequate, relevant and not going beyond the purpose for which they are collected. If necessary, JDR Cables will take all reasonable steps to verify the accuracy and timeliness of data collected.
Use of personal data
JDR Cables uses personal data within the strict limits of the purposes for which the data are collected.
For example, JDR Cables may use personal data to:
Inform you about products and services;
To communicate, develop and trade with you.
JDR Cables obliges not to use your personal data without the prior consent to carry out the trade prospecting.
Personal data recipients
The recipients of your personal data are only persons who for reasons of professional activities are required to have this information.
JDR Cables may share your personal data with third parties which are suppliers of goods or services. Suppliers of goods and services are required under the agreement to maintain the confidentiality and security of your personal data, and to use personal data only for the services which they were assigned to provide.
JDR Cables shall not sell nor rent you personal data without your consent, except when it is dictated by a court decision, the applicable law or will be required to protect the rights and goods of the Company.
Retention period
JDR Cables shall not retain your personal data longer than is necessary to achieve the purposes for which the data were collected or longer than is laid down by law.
The right to access, modify or oppose
You have the right to ask JDR Cables for access to your personal data held by JDR Cables, to update or delete them. You also have the possibility to object JDR Cables Group to the collection or disclosure of your personal data.
In order to exercise this right, please forward the relevant information via e-mail: daneosobowe@TFKable.com.
Data security
JDR Cables has taken measures to ensure the confidentiality, security and integrity of your personal data. Access to personal data is limited to persons who for reasons of professional activities are required to have this information, and who are required to comply with these rules.
JDR Cables places strong emphasis to ensure that your personal data is not changed, compromised, or misused by third parties, that are not authorized to access the data.
Cookies
Cookies, which are files that are stored by your Web browser on your computer’s hard drive, are used by JDR Cables to collect the data related to the way in which you use company’s websites in order to improve our services offered to visitors and users of the sites. Cookies cannot be used to identify your identity. The data stored in cookies contain information which pages you have visited, the date and time of your visit, and other information about your activity on the sites.
Web browsers can be set to inform about the presence of cookies and to allow their acceptance or rejection. You can also use browser settings to disable cookies. However, this may result in the inability to use certain features of Web pages and performing certain actions.
Minors
In general, JDR Cables’ Web pages are not intended for minors (under the age of eighteen (18). We discourage minors from giving any information and personal data without the consent of the parents.
Links to third party websites
JDR Cables Group websites may contain links to third-party websites. The company does not control these websites and therefore, it is not responsible for the practices of third parties with regard to the confidentiality and security of your personal data or their content. Please read the privacy policies posted on such sites before using them or before providing your personal data.
Your consent to this privacy policy
The use of the site means that you agree to these terms and conditions of the privacy policy. If you do not agree with any provision of the policy, we recommend that you do not use the site and do not submit your personal information.
Amendments
Privacy policy is valid from 04 January 2018, All amendments will be introduced at this URL address and will be effective from the moment of publication. Please check the content of the site regularly.
Oil & Gas
Subsea Production Umbilicals
Subsea Power Cables
Intervention Workover Control Systems (IWOCS)
Product and Installation Services
Project Experience – Oil & Gas
Oil & Gas Brochures