https://www.hhmi.org/terms-of-use
Skip to navigation
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Janelia Research Campus
Biointeractive
Tangled Bank Studios
UGP Home
About
Our Scientists
Programs
Education
News
Search
Menu
About
About
HHMI is a science philanthropy whose mission is to advance basic biomedical research and science education for the benefit of humanity.
Overview
History
Leadership
Governance
Financials
Careers
Policies
For Our Hosts
Doing Business with HHMI
Our Scientists
Our Scientists
HHMI supports people, rather than projects, because it’s individual scientists who break barriers to advance knowledge.
Overview
HHMI Investigators
Janelia Scientists
International Scientists
HHMI Professors
Nobel Laureates
Browse All Scientists
An Inside Look
Programs
Programs
HHMI empowers exceptional scientists and students to pursue fundamental questions in basic science.
Overview
Open Competitions
Biomedical Research
Science Education
Education
Education
HHMI believes every student and citizen can experience science in a meaningful way.
Overview
Science Education Programs
BioInteractive
Tangled Bank Studios
Resources
Order Educational Materials
News
News
HHMI shares the latest on our research, education, and organizational news.
HHMI News
Research News
Science Education News
Institute News
Search News Archive
Press Room
Janelia Research Campus
Biointeractive
Tangled Bank Studios
Home
Terms of Use
facebook
twitter
linkedin
email
Terms of Use
Thank you for visiting a website of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (“HHMI”) and our affiliates (referred to collectively with HHMI as, “we,” “us,” or “our”). The following terms and conditions (collectively, the “Terms of Use”) apply to all websites, online portals, electronic forms, and mobile applications operated by us that link to or post these Terms of Use, including the content, features, and services available from these websites, online portals, electronic forms, or mobile applications, such as podcasts, animations, applications, videos, images, innovations, and RSS feeds (collectively, the “Sites”).
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before you use the Sites and do not use the Sites if you do not agree with these Terms of Use. By browsing or otherwise using the Sites, you agree to these Terms of Use, as amended from time to time. These Terms of Use may change from time to time. Your continued use of the Sites after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check periodically for updates.
1. Ownership and Use of the Content
All of the content featured or displayed on the Sites, including, without limitation, all text, graphics, photographs, images, animations, video, podcasts, music, software, applications, innovations, and other materials (“Content”), and the selection, coordination, and arrangement of such Content, is owned by us, our licensors or other providers of such material and is protected by copyright, trademark, patent, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. All rights not expressly granted are reserved by us.
BioInteractive Resources
You may download and display for educational purposes the free resources made available on the BioInteractive pages of the Sites (www.hhmi.org/biointeractive) (“BioInteractive Resources”). The BioInteractive Resources may not be used for any commercial purpose without the express permission of HHMI and all other copyright owners. Except as permitted below for the Image of the Week Image Content or as permitted by the license identified on a specific resource’s webpage, the BioInteractive Resources may not be republished, redistributed, or otherwise disseminated beyond your institution or organization without the express permission of HHMI and all other copyright owners.
BioInteractive Image of the Week
You may download, reproduce, distribute, publish, display, and share the images, including all related text, contained on the Image of the Week pages of the Sites (“Image Content”) solely for not-for-profit, educational, or public information purposes (e.g., blogs, new stories, or articles), subject to the following restrictions and conditions:
You are not granted the right under these Terms of Use to use Image Content for any commercial purpose (e.g., textbooks). If you would like to use Image Content for a commercial purpose, you must first obtain all required permissions for such use from the appropriate parties;
You may not create derivative works based upon, modify, or otherwise alter, any Image Content;
As described in the Proprietary Rights Notice section below, you must keep intact all copyright notices for the Image Content and provide appropriate attribution to the original author or, if another party is designated in the copyright notice, such party;
HHMI may terminate or modify the rights granted with respect to the Image Content at any time; and
You may use images available on Image of the Week separately from any of the accompanying text.
Open Science Innovations
You may use the innovations, including any tools, data, software, or resources, described on the Open Science pages of the Sites (“Innovations”) only in accordance with the terms of the applicable license.
Other Downloadable Content
You may download the Content made available on other pages of the Sites that is indicated on the Sites as available for download for your personal, non-commercial use.
Restrictions on Use; Permission Requests; License Requests
Except as expressly permitted under copyright law or these Terms of Use, you may not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works from, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, download, frame or incorporate into another website, store, or transmit any Content without our express permission and the express permission of all other copyright owners. Content may not be sold or used for any commercial purpose under any circumstances without our express permission and the express permission of all other copyright owners.
You may request our permission for uses of Content not expressly permitted under copyright law or these Terms of Use by sending your request to the applicable e-mail address listed below. Please include a link to the specific Content you are inquiring about and the terms of use you are seeking.
Permission requests for Content on the BioInteractive web pages should be sent to biointeractive.permissions@hhmi.org.
Permission requests for Content on www.tangledbankstudios.org should be sent to films@tangledbankstudios.org.
License requests and other inquires for Content on the Open Science web pages should be sent to innovation@janelia.hhmi.org.
Permission requests for all other Content (including photos and illustrations) displayed on the Sites should be sent to photolibrary@hhmi.org.
Proprietary Rights Notices
You must keep intact all copyright notices and provide appropriate attribution to the original author or, if another party is designated in the copyright notice, such party.
For clarity, all references to the Sites in these Terms of Use include, without limitation, the BioInteractive Resources, Image Content, Innovations, and other Content.
2. Trademarks
Our names and logos, including Howard Hughes Medical Institute, HHMI, Janelia Research Campus, JRC, BioInteractive, Tangled Bank Studios, and all other trademarks used on the Sites are owned by HHMI or their respective trademark owners. Except as expressly permitted under any additional terms posted on the Sites from time to time, you may not use any such marks without the prior written permission of the owner.
3. User Feedback
By submitting feedback to us through the Sites, you agree that such feedback is not confidential and grant to us the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, publish, reproduce, modify, adapt, edit, translate, create derivative works from, incorporate into other works, distribute, sub-license, and otherwise exploit such feedback throughout the universe in any form, media or technology now known or hereafter developed.
4. Linking to the Sites and Social Media Features
You may link to the Sites so long as the link does not suggest any association, approval, or endorsement on our part and does not otherwise violate the rights or policies of any third party.
The Sites includes features that allow you to share certain Content using social media tools such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and StumbleUpon, and to e-mail links to certain Content to others. You may use these features in connection with the Sites only as they are provided by us and in accordance with these Terms of Use. If you use these tools, you may be sharing certain profile elements. This sharing is subject to each social media program’s policies.
5. Links to Other Websites
Links to other websites and resources provided by third parties contained on the Sites are provided for your convenience only and do not indicate any endorsement by us. We have no control over the contents of those websites or resources and you agree that we have no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
6. Prohibited Uses of the Sites
You agree not to: (a) use the Sites in any way that violates any applicable law or regulation; (b) engage in any conduct that disables, overburdens, damages, impairs, restricts, or interferes with the Sites or anyone's use or enjoyment of the Sites, or which may harm us or users of the Sites or expose them to liability; (c) introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful to the Sites; (d) place pop-up windows over pages of the Sites, or otherwise affect the display of pages of the Sites; or (e) use any automatic device, process or means to access the Sites for any purpose that violates these Terms of Use. Moreover, you agree not to stalk, harass, or harm another individual, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity, or collect or store personal data about other users or visitors to the Sites.
7. Registration
To access portions of the Sites, you may need to register with us by setting up an account. When creating an account, you must provide accurate and complete information, and you are solely responsible for your use of the account. You agree to keep your password secret and to not use any other person’s account to access or use the Sites. If you discover or suspect that another individual is making unauthorized use of your account information, you must immediately notify us.
8. Additional Terms and Conditions
Additional terms and conditions set forth on the Sites may apply to specific portions of the Sites, which additional terms and conditions are made part of these Terms of Use by reference. You agree to abide by such additional terms and conditions. If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the additional terms and conditions applicable to a specific portion of the Sites, such additional terms and conditions shall control with respect to your use of that portion of the Sites. Please refer to and review all additional specific terms and conditions as applicable, including our Privacy Policy.
9. Privacy
If you provide Personal Information (as defined in the Privacy Policy) to us, all uses of your personal information will be treated according to the Privacy Policy for the Sites. By browsing or otherwise using the Site, you are accepting the Privacy Policy. If you object to having your information used as described in the Privacy Policy, your sole recourse is: (a) to not provide information to us and to not browse or otherwise use the Sites or (b) as otherwise expressly provided in the Privacy Policy.
10. Termination
We reserve the right to terminate your use of any or all of the Sites, including, but not limited to, your account, or terminate or cancel this agreement, at any time with or without prior notice. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for termination of your access to the Sites. We also reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Sites without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
11. No Warranties
YOUR USE OF THE SITES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SITES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. NEITHER HHMI, ANY AFFILIATE OF HHMI, NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH HHMI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE SITES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER HHMI, ANY AFFILIATE OF HHMI, NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH HHMI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE SITES WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE, OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT THE SITES OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES THEM AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE SITES WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS. IN CERTAIN STATES, THE LAW MAY NOT PERMIT THE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
12. Limitation on Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL WE, OR ANY OF OUR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, OR TRUSTEES, BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABLITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, ALL OR A PORTION OF THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
13. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless us and our trustees, officers, employees, and agents from and against all losses, expenses, damages, and costs, including attorney’s fees, resulting from your use of the Sites, or any violation by you of these Terms of Use. We reserve the right to assume, at our sole expense, the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with us.
14. Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the Sites (except as expressly provided otherwise in Section 8 of these Terms of Use). Any failure of ours to assert a right or provision shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, then such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect. All matters relating to the Sites, these Terms of Use, or the Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Maryland without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule. The Sites are controlled by us from the United States. If you choose to access the Sites from locations outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and you are responsible for compliance with any local laws.
15. Notices; Consent to Communication
When you use the Sites or send communications to us through the Sites, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive electronically any communications related to your use of the Sites.
You agree that we may give all notices we are required to give and communicate with you by posting notice on the Sites, by email, or by regular mail, in our discretion, including, but not limited to, required disclosures, legal notices, and all other communications.
Please note that by submitting information to us, creating a user account, or otherwise providing us with your email address, postal address, or phone number, you are agreeing that we or our authorized agents may contact you at that address or number in a manner consistent with our Privacy Policy.
The Sites are operated by:
Howard Hughes Medical Institute
4000 Jones Bridge Road
Chevy Chase, MD 20815
Except as set forth above for particular communications, all feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications relating to the Sites should be directed to the HHMI Webmaster.
These Terms of Use were last updated on July 10, 2018.
Permissions Requests
Permission requests for Content on the BioInteractive web pages should be sent to biointeractive.permissions@hhmi.org.
Permission requests for Content on www.tangledbankstudios.org should be sent to films@tangledbankstudios.org.
License requests and other inquiries for Content on the Open Science web pages should be sent to innovation@janelia.hhmi.org.
Permission requests for all other Content (including photos and illustrations) displayed on the Site should be sent to photolibrary@hhmi.org.
Related Links
Contact Us