https://www.somas.stonybrook.edu/education/undergraduate/minors/minor-in-environmental-design-policy-and-planning/
631-632-8700
somas@stonybrook.edu
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
RSS
Weather Stations
SBUweather
SoMAS Real Time Data Systems
Atmospheric Sciences
Directory
Facilities
Radar Observatory
Stony Brook Mobile Atmospheric Research Trailer (SMART)
Trace Gas Analysis Laboratory
News
Research
Undergraduate Degrees
Marine Sciences
Flax Pond Marine Laboratory
Southampton Marine Station
Semester by the Sea
Research Vessels
Vessel/Boat Charters — Educational Field Trips
Boat Donations and Sales
Sustainability Studies
What is Sustainability Studies?
Directory
Undergraduate Degrees
Minors
Minor in Coastal Environmental Studies
Minor in Ecosystems and Human Impact
Minor in Environmental Design, Policy and Planning
Minor in Environmental Humanities
Minor in Geospatial Science
Minor in Sustainability Studies
Geospatial Center
Sustainability Studies
Quick Links
Stony Brook University
SOLAR
Google Email
Employee Orientation
Internal
Minor in Environmental Design, Policy and Planning
The Environmental Design, Policy, and Planning minor is intended for students who seek to complement their chosen major with a foundation in complex scientific, legal, ethical, political, environmental, and socio-economic issues that surround the development, management, and use of the built environment.
Requirements for the Minor in Environmental Design, Policy, and Planning
Please click here for a full listing of the requirements for the Environmental Design, Policy, & Planning Minor.  You will need to scroll half way down the page.
No more than two courses that are used to satisfy your major can be applied to this minor.
No more than one three-credit course in the minor may be taken under the Pass/No Credit option.
All upper-division courses offered for the minor must be passed with a letter grade of C or higher.
Recent Posts
Fun Fact Fridays with SBU Weather
$2.1 Million Awarded for Sea Grant Research on NY’s Coastal Environment
Remembering Larry Swanson
SBU Weather Student Showcase in Seawolves Storm or Not
Wayne Penello ’79 Talks Risk Management
Subscribe by Email
Completely spam free, opt out any time.
Please, insert a valid email.
Thank you, your email will be added to the mailing list once you click on the link in the confirmation email.
Your Email
Leave this field blank
Spam protection has stopped this request. Please contact site owner for help.
This form is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Latest SBU News
Stony Brook Now Accepting Donations for Hospital Staff Coming Back Safe and Strong Update (December 10, 2020) Incubator Program “Graduates” First Clean Energy Company into Marketplace Research Sheds Light on Origins of Ancient Pterosaurs
Copyright 2019 School of Marine and Atmospheric Sciences, All Rights Reserved
|
SoMAS, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY 11794-5000, USAProvided by Stony Brook University
Subscribe
Close
Subscribe By Email
Your Email
Leave this field blank
This form is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.