http://www.ar-amps.com/html/privacy-policy.asp
As an essential business, AR is continuing to operate and provide our customers with the service and support they need during this time. We take the health and safety of our employees very seriously and have additional measures in place to maintain a safe working environment.
Homepage
About Us
Contact
Careers
Directions
Visitor Guidelines
Products
What's New
Amplifiers
Overview
RF Amplifiers
"U" Series Amplifiers
Microwave Amplifiers
Solid State Pulsed Amplifiers
TWT Amplifiers
Full Listing
Antennas
Antennas Overview
Broadband Logs
High Gain Horns
Microwave Horns
E-Field Generators
Broadband Transmission Line
Tripods, Stands & Positioners
Field Analyzers & Field Monitoring
AR Systems
Predefined Systems
Conducted Immunity Test Systems
Conducted Immunity Test System Accessories
Radiated Immunity Test Systems
Solid State Field Generating Systems
Chambers
Chambers Overview
Predefined Chambers
MultiStar Multi-Tone Tester
Software
emcware
ampwebwARe
RF Test Accessories
Accessories Overview
Dual Directional Couplers & Load Attenuators
Emissions Products
Field Monitoring Accessories
Microwave Cables & Waveguide
Power Measuring Equipment
RF Test System Controllers
Switchable Impedance Transformers
Services
Rental Programs
Bargain Corner
Product Service
Warranty
Service Videos
Sales Associates
Trade Shows
Knowledge Center
Overview
Application Notes
Catalogs / Brochures
FAQ
Posters
Press Releases
Resources
Videos
Webinars
White Papers
Downloads
Software
Product Search
Request a Quote
Contact
Privacy Policy
Effective: July 16, 2020
INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy applies worldwide to our collection, use, disclosure, security, and retention of the information provided by you as users of our products and services and visitors to the following websites owned and controlled by AR RF/ Microwave Instrumentation (dba Amplifier Research):
www.amplifiers.com
www.ar-europe.ie
www.arworld.us
www.arww-receiversystems.com
www.arww-rfmicro.com
www.sunarrfmotion.com
www.arww-modularrf.com
emcware.arworld.com
This Privacy Policy also describes the choices available to you regarding how we use your personal information, as well as how you can access, update, and request deletion of your personal information.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
AR RF/Microwave Instrumentation may collect the following personal information about you:
Information you give us
Information we receive from other sources
Information we collect automatically
When you provide us with personal information, we will only use this information for the specific reason for which it is provided.
Information You Give Us. You may voluntarily give us personal information when you (1) register for an account on our website, (2) purchase products or access our services, (3) attend a trade show and provide contact information or complete an online form requesting information or quotes on AR products and (4) when you apply for a job through our website. This information may include: your first and last name, mailing address, postal code, job title, email address, telephone number, and credit card or billing information if you are purchasing products or services from us. When you apply for a job through our website, we will ask that you submit a resume and cover letter so that we can evaluate your skillset to determine if you are qualified for the position to which you applied. We will also use your information to contact you if we decide to move forward with your candidacy.
Information We Collect Automatically. Whenever you access or use our website, we may automatically receive and record information from your computer or mobile device, which may include: the device you use to access or use our website, your IP address, the type of browser or application you are using to access our website, the identity of the page or feature you are requesting, referring and exit pages and URLs, platform types, preferences you submit and preferences that are generated based on the data you submit, and number of clicks. We also collect information through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other technology.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use your personal information:
To generate leads for our products and services
To provide our products and services.
For the specific purpose for which that information was collected.
To address your customer service or technical support questions.
To alert you of new products or services via direct marketing communications.
For Marketing and Sales analytics
To improve our products and services.
To respond to legal proceedings and other legal requirements.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may use and share non-personal, de-identified information that can’t be used to identify you for any lawful business purpose without any obligation or accounting to you. When we do so, we will take reasonable measures to ensure that the non-identifiable data is not personally identifiable and cannot later be used to identify you.
INFORMATION WE PROCESS ON BEHALF OF OUR CLIENTS
The use of information collected through our service shall be limited to the purpose of providing the service for which the Client has engaged AR RF/Microwave Instrumentation.
AR RF/Microwave Instrumentation collects information under the direction of its Clients, and has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. If you are a customer of one of our Clients and would no longer like to be contacted by one of our Clients that use our service, please contact the Client that you interact with directly. We may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our service. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Clients.
An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct his query to our Client (the data controller). If requested to remove data we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
We will retain personal data we process on behalf of our Clients for as long as needed to provide services to our Client. AR RF/Microwave Instrumentation will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways described in this privacy policy and only for legitimate business purposes. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We may employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and we may need to share your personal information with them to provide services to you, such as processing your payment information, shipping products to you, and providing customer service. Unless we tell you differently, they do not have any right to use your personal information beyond what is necessary to assist us. We may potentially be liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if a third party processes personal information in a way inconsistent with those Principles, unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
We may disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email and/or prominent notice on our Web site of any such change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. We may also disclose your personal information to any other third party with your prior consent.
Under the Privacy Shield Principles, individuals have the right to opt out of (i) disclosures of their personal information to third parties; or (ii) uses of their personal information for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual. Please direct requests to privacy@arworld.us
DATA TRANSFERS & EU-US PRIVACY SHIELD
Our website is hosted in the United States and is governed by United States law. If you are accessing our website from outside the United States, please be aware that your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country.
AR RF/Microwave Instrumentation participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. AR RF/Microwave Instrumentation is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union member countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List (https://www.privacyshield.gov/list).
AR RF/Microwave Instrumentation is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives under the Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.
AR RF/Microwave Instrumentation complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, AR RF/Microwave Instrumentation is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AR RF/Microwave Instrumentation may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We are committed to resolving complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. If you have a complaint regarding our collection, storage, or use of your personal information, please contact us: privacy@arworld.us.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website (https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint), you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
You may opt-in to our promotional and marketing communication lists. When you opt-in to a promotional or marketing communication list, you give us your consent to send you those specific communications. You have the right at any time to prevent us from contacting you for marketing purposes. You can opt-out of promotional and marketing communications by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in each promotional email that we send to you, or by emailing us at privacy@arworld.us. We may continue to send you administrative emails; for example, periodic updates to our Privacy Notice, even if you indicate that you no longer wish to receive promotional email from us.
RETENTION AND MODIFICATION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Correcting, Updating, Accessing, or Removing Personal Information. You have the right to amend or update inaccurate or incomplete personal information, request deletion of your personal information, or request that we no longer use it. This can be done by emailing a request to privacy@arworld.us. You may also request access to your personal information that we collect by sending a request to privacy@arworld.us. We may not be able to completely remove your personal information from our systems in certain circumstances. For example, we may retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, if it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, if required by law, or as retained in our data backup systems or cached or archived pages. All of your personal information that we keep will continue to be subject to the terms of this privacy policy to which you have previously agreed and we will delete your personal information from our backup systems in accordance with our data retention policies.
Your California Privacy Rights. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits consumers that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us at privacy@arworld.us.
COOKIES AND THIRD-PARTY TECHNOLOGIES
Log Files
Like most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. This information does not identify individual users.
Cookies & Tracking Technologies
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags, scripts or similar technologies are used by us and our third party affiliate, analytics and service providers. These technologies are used to store passwords, to track and target the interests of our uses to enhance the experience on our site, to make it easier to navigate our site, to analyze trends, to administer the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service.
Do Not Track Signals
Our websites do not currently recognize or respond to "do not track" signals.
Local Storage
Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use Local Storage, such as HTML 5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML 5 LSOs.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
This website contains links to other sites that may or may not be owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
SOCIAL MEDIA (FEATURES) AND WIDGETS
Our website includes Social Media Features, such as, but not limited to, the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
PROTECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
MARKETING OPT-INS/OPT-OUTS
We partner with a third party to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising, click here. Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
CHANGES IN THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
CONTACT US
To contact us with questions, comments, or complaints regarding this privacy policy or our collection or use of your personal information, please contact us at:
AR RF/Microwave Instrumentation
160 School House Road
Souderton, PA 18964
privacy@arworld.us
160 Schoolhouse Rd.
Souderton PA 18964-9990 USA
215.723.8181
info@arworld.us
For an applications engineer call:
800.933.8181
Direct to Service:
service@arworld.us
For Faxing Orders:
866.859.0582 (Orders Only Please)
Privacy Policy
Cookie Declaration
Copyright ©2020 AR Inc.
Modular RF
AR Europe
Sunar RF Motion
Directions | Visitor Guidelines