http://www.everythingabout.net/privacy_policy.html
Everything About Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: Everything About.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Our site uses cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address).
The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Any information or materials you provide us wouldn't be used in any way without your permission.
This site contains links to other sites.
Everything About is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies.
While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to remove_me@everythingabout.net
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
Email modify_me@everythingabout.net
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Support Team
support_me@everythingabout.net
EverythingAbout Team
Share this page with your friends!
Tweet
Navigation
HOME
Arachnids
Spiders
Insects
Bees
Beetles
Bugs
Butterflies and Moths
Flies
Wasps
Privacy Policy
Home | Privacy Policy | Legal Notice | Contacts | Site-map
Design by Oleg Ko