https://www.wpiinc.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Menu
ApplicationsLab EquipmentLab SuppliesSurgical InstrumentsSupportContact UsRequest QuoteReturns and ExchangesTax Exempt ApplicationTrack Your OrderServiceVideo SessionLearning CenterArticlesLibraryCompanyHistoryQualityNewsDistributors
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
April 2018
At World Precision Instruments (WPI), we know that your privacy is important to you, and we want you to know that we honor the sacred trust that you place in our hands. This policy covers:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and how we guard it.
How you may opt out of our use of your information except as it pertains to the fulfillment of orders you have placed, the handling of your transactions with us, and how you may correct any inaccuracies in the information.
The security procedures in place to protect your information.
In a Nutshell
Rest assured, WPI never shares your information with anyone else — ever. We never sell, trade, rent or transfer your information to a third party for marketing purposes. We only have access to or collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or web form or other direct contact from you.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you in the future to let you know information about your WPI products (such as improvements and updates), additions or software updates, new products, special sales or other interesting developments.
1. Information Collected
We may collect any personal information that you provide, including name, email address, mailing address, institution or practice, payment information, etc. In addition, we maintain information about products that you have purchased. We collect information when you create a user account, complete an online form, sign up for a newsletter, enter a contest, submit a comment, interact with us on social media, give us information at a trade show or make a purchase.
Like many websites, our servers automatically capture your IP address when you visit us.  We may also store information about your computer, browser and operating system. We use Google Analytics that also tells us what site referred you to us, the pages you visit, ads you see or click on, items you download, what site you visit when you leave us, and any search terms you have entered. We may also store cookies, which are small text files stored on your computer that helps us remember you when you visit use again. Most browsers allow you to reject cookies, if you prefer.
By using our site, you consent to our use of these tracking technologies as described above.
2. You are in Control
You may opt out of any future contacts at any time just by letting us know. All promotional emails and e-news bulletins include an unsubscribe link. By clicking on that, you can opt out. If you prefer, you may contact us at wpi@wpiinc.com or by phone at 866.606.1974 (USA Toll-free) or 941.371.1003 to opt out. If you contact us, you are free to request any data we have stored about you, change or correct any data we have about you or have us delete any of the data we have stored.
Please understand that it can take a few days to process your opt out request. And, even if you opt out, we may still contact you about any purchasing activities, orders or other transactions.
3. Data Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the URL address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Please be advised, however, that the Internet is continually evolving. We make every effort to secure your data with the latest tools at our disposal, but we cannot guarantee that information will always be safe from hackers. We will not assume liability for disclosure or your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during form transmissions. It is your responsibility to guard your password, and you are responsible for unauthorized use of your account with your password.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy practices, you may contact us at:
World Precision Instruments175 Sarasota Center Blvd.Sarasota, FL 34240 USA866.606.1974 • 941.371.1003wpi@wpiinc.com
©Copyright 2020. World Precision Instruments. All rights reserved.
Apply for Tax Exempt Status WPI collects tax in AL, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, FL, GA, IL, IN, MA, ME, MD, MI, MN, MO, NC, NV, NJ, NY, OH, OK, PA, SC, TN, TX, VA, VT, WA and WI