http://www.nhm.org/online-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
NHM, including the Spider Pavilion and Nature Gardens, is closed until further notice. View our COVID-19 Safety Guidelines for more information.
Online Privacy Policy
The Board of Supervisors of Los Angeles County recognizes the public's concern about privacy on the Internet. This privacy statement establishes how information gathered about you from your visit to our Website will be used by this Website's operators. As a visitor, however, you should be aware that much information submitted to the Los Angeles County Museum of Natural History (the “Museum” or “NHMLAC”)  is public information under the laws of the State of California. Under some circumstances, we may be required to disclose such information in accordance with the California Public Records Act or other legal requirements.
The purpose of the Museum’s Online Privacy Policy is to help you understand what information the Museum collects about you when you visit its main website (nhm.org), access its mobile applications, and receive emails from the Museum. A link to this Online Privacy Policy can be found at the bottom of every page on nhm.org.  By using or receiving any of the Museum’s websites, mobile applications, or emails, you signify your acceptance of this Online Privacy Policy.
Occasionally, the Museum may make changes to this policy. If the Museum makes changes, we will indicate it you by changing the date at the bottom of this Online Privacy Policy.  Your use of any Museum website, mobile applications or continuing to receive emails following the posting of changes to these terms will constitute your acceptance of those changes.
The Museum respects the privacy of our guests, clients, sponsors and members. The Museum may share the names and addresses of our members with similar non-profit organizations. These members may opt out of this at any time by contacting us at 213-763-3426 or at members@nhm.org. We do not sell this information for any purpose.
By law, all credit card information we receive is kept confidential and secure. All online transactions are secure.
The following describes how information may be collected depending on your activities at this website:
If you read or download information
We may collect and store information for statistical purposes. For example, we may count the number of visitors to the different sections of our site to help us make them more useful. The information collected may include such items as the name and domain of the host from which you access the Internet, the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using or your browser software and operating system. This information does not identify you personally.
Use of "cookies"
A "cookie" is a small text file that a website can place on your computer's hard drive to collect information about your activities on the site. The cookie transmits this information back to the website's computer which, generally speaking, is the only computer that can read it. Most users do not know that "cookies" are being placed on their computers.
Third-party companies may collect certain non-personally identifiable information (e.g., the type of browser and/or operating system you use, time and date, and information relating to the content you are viewing) on our behalf when you visit our digital properties. These companies may use such non-personally identifiable information in order to provide advertisements about our exhibits, events, programs, goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you on other digital properties. These companies typically use a cookie, a web beacon or other technology to collect this information. To learn more about this targeted advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising via cookies, you can visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/if located in the United States or Canada or http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ if located in Europe.
If you send e-mail to this website
By sending us an electronic mail message, you may be sending us personal information (i.e., your name, address, e-mail address, etc.). We may store the name and address of the requester in order to respond to the request or otherwise resolve the subject matter of your e-mail. You should know that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception and may be subject to the disclosure requirements of the Public Records Act or other legal disclosure requirements.
Personally identifying information collected from e-mails or web forms
By sending us an e-mail (electronic mail message) or filling out a web form, you are sending us personal information (i.e., your name, address, e-mail address or other information). We store this information in order to respond to or process your request.
Consequences of failing to provide information
If you choose not to provide us with your name or other information, it may be impossible for us to refer, respond to the issue you are inquiring about.
Links to third party websites
Our website also contains links to information located on websites maintained by other public agencies and private organizations. Once you access an individual document that links you to another website, you are subject to the privacy policy of the website containing that document.
Information transmitted by user is not secure from interception
We take several measures to protect the transmission of the information you submit to us when you use our website. However, there is a possibility that information transmitted to us over the Internet may be intercepted by a third party.
If you choose to send us e-mail, or fill out an online form on our website, you should know that the information is not necessarily secure against interception, and may be subject to the disclosure requirements of the California Public Records Act or other legal disclosure requirements.
Third-Parties
NHMLAC does not sell or rent your personal information. However, we contract with third-party vendors in order to provide certain services to its online visitors, including ticketing, membership and online shop purchases, donation processing, and distribution and customization of the Museum’s email newsletters, and may need to share your personal information with these vendors to accomplish these functions where we are lawfully permitted to do so. The Museum requires third-party vendors to protect the privacy of the Museum’s online visitors and to keep all information secure and confidential and prohibits them from using or sharing such information except as specifically described in their agreements with the Museum.
Children Under 13 Years Of Age
The Museum does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13, we will delete that information. We may refuse to process, or continue to process, the child’s personal information until we receive this evidence of consent or authorization.
Opting Out
If you voluntarily provide information in connection with a Museum service, program or purchase, except as required by Public Records Act requirements, you may opt out of having this information shared with other organizations by sending a request via e-mail to info@nhm.org or via postal mail to Advancement, Los Angeles County Museum of Natural History Foundation, 900 Exposition Blvd., Los Angeles CA 90007.