http://www.parascadd.com/terms-of-use/
News
Careers
Partners
Contact Us
Skip to content
SCOPE
These Terms of Use apply to www.PARASCADD.com and
its associated versions in non-English languages, (the ‘Website’). The Website
is operated by PARASCADD Pvt. Ltd. (“PARASCADD”).
Use of the Website is subject to these Terms of
Use. Users who do not accept these terms of use are not authorised to use or
continue using this Website, and should cease use immediately.
PARASCADD may amend these Terms of Use at any
time and any revised version will be effective immediately upon publication on
this Website.
In the event of any comments or questions
concerning these Terms of Use, users should contact PARASCADD by means of the
Contact form provided on the Website.
ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS WEBSITE
You may cite or refer to the information on the
Website in books, online services, or other media but, except as provided
below, you may not reproduce or distribute such information in whole or in part
without the prior written permission of PARASCADD.
You may not reproduce or distribute any content
(whether text or image) from the Website without securing the advance written
consent of PARASCADD. To request such permission, please use the Contact form
provided, including your name, address, a description of the purpose of your
intended distribution and the information you would like to distribute.
You may print, reproduce, and use the
information in the Website provided such use is for non-commercial educational
purposes only (or which is otherwise permitted under the Copyright Designs and
Patents Act 1988), provided that you (i) do not modify such information, and
(ii) include any copyright notice originally included with such information and
this notice in all such copies.
In accessing any part of this Website, you agree
not to:
use this Website in such a way that disrupts, interferes with or
restricts the use of this Website by other users;upload, display or transmit any materials through this Website which are
false, offensive, defamatory, threatening, obscene, unlawful or which infringe
the rights of any other person anywhere in the world;reverse engineer, decompile, copy or adapt any software or other code or
scripts forming part of this Website; andchange, modify, delete, interfere with or misuse data contained on this
Website and entered by or relating to any third-party user of this Website.
You must not misuse the Website by knowingly
introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is
malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised
access to the Website, the server on which the Website is stored or any server,
computer or database connected to the Website. You must not attack the Website
via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
PARASCADD will not be liable for any loss or
damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other
technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment,
computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the
Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any Website
linked to it. You should ensure that you have appropriate protection against
viruses and other security arrangements in place whilst using the Internet.
PRIVACY POLICY
Any personal details you submit to PARASCADD
through the Website will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy. By
using the Website, you consent to such processing and you also agree to comply
with the terms of our Privacy Policy.
LINKS
You may link to the home page of this Website,
provided you do so in a way that does not damage PARASCADD’s reputation or take
advantage of it, or which is otherwise in any way detrimental to the Website or
PARASCADD. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form
of association, approval or endorsement on PARASCADD’s part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to the Website
from any website that is not owned by you.
Links from this Website are provided for
information and convenience only and PARASCADD has no control over and cannot
therefore accept responsibility or liability for the content of any linked
third-party website or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of
them.
The Website must not be framed on any other
site, nor may you create a link to any part of the Website other than the home
page. PARASCADD reserves the right to withdraw linking permission without
notice.
TRANSACTIONS CONCLUDED THROUGH THE WEBSITE
Contracts for the supply of goods, services or
information entered into through this Website will be subject to PARASCADD’s
standard terms and conditions of sale/supply which can be provided on request.
LIABILITY
The material displayed on the Website is provided
on an ‘as is’ basis, without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its
accuracy, quality, content, completeness, or adequacy and is subject to change
without notice.
To the extent permitted by law, PARASCADD and
any third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be
implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage
incurred by any user in connection with the Website, any websites linked to it
or from it and any materials posted on it including but not limited to any one
or more of the following:loss of income or revenue;loss of business;loss of profits or contracts;loss of prospective economic advantage;loss of anticipated savings;loss of data;loss of goodwill;wasted management or office time; andwhether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or
otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent
claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for
direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out
above.
This does not affect PARASCADD’s liability for
death or personal injury arising from any negligence of PARASCADD or any of our
employees, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or
misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which
cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Unless otherwise indicated, material contained on
the Website is copyright © PARASCADD Private Limited 2007 – 2019. PARASCADD
owns all intellectual property rights in the ‘PARASCADD’ name/logo and all
technical infrastructure relating to the Website. Where used, third-party
trademarks remain the copyright property of their respective owners.
JURISDICTION
This Website has been designed and
these Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Indian
law. Any dispute arising out of the accessing or use of this Website shall be
subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Mumbai, India courts.