https://www.americanrivers.org/terms-of-use/
Toggle navigation
America’s Rivers
Where We Work
California
Great Lakes
Mid-Atlantic
Midwest
Northeast
Northern Rockies
Pacific Northwest
Southeast
Southwest
Discover Rivers
Rivers of the U.S.
Learn About Rivers
What Makes a River?
Enjoying Your Rivers
Blue Trails
American Rivers Films
Can’t Beat This Place For Fun
Rio Rica
Water Flows Together
Sonora Rising
Ranching In The New Normal
5000 Miles of Wild
A River’s Reckoning
Alice’s Garden: Solutions for Clean Water in Milwaukee
The Wild President
Milk And Honey
Avanyu – Protecting the Rio Grande
Every Bend
The World Beneath the Rims
62 years: The Green and Yampa Rivers
Legacy: Wyoming’s Snake Headwaters
Walt – Saving the San Joaquin River
Flint:
Georgia’s Flint River
The Important Places
Parker’s 50 Favorite Things About Rivers
Year of the River: The Elwha and White Salmon
I Am Red – The Colorado River
What’s Your River Story?
Share Your #5000MilesOfWild Story
We Are Rivers Podcast
Rivers, Lands and Belonging
The Current: Our Blog
Posts About Conserving Clean Water
Posts About Discover Rivers
Posts About Energy Development
Posts About National River Cleanup ®
Posts About Restoring Damaged Rivers
Posts About Water Supply
Posts About Wild and Scenic Rivers
Threats & Solutions
Protecting Wild Rivers
The Value of Wild Rivers
What is the 5,000 Miles of Wild Campaign?
Map of Wild and Scenic Rivers
Restoring Damaged Rivers
How Dams Damage Rivers
How Dams are Removed
Map of Dams Removed in the US
River Restoration Tools and Resources
Benefits of Restoring Floodplains
Mountain Meadow Restoration in California
Conserving Clean Water
Protecting Small Streams and Wetlands
How Stormwater Affects Your Rivers
Sewage pollution in Rivers
Water Efficiency and Conservation
“Greening” Water Infrastructure
Pharmaceuticals & Personal Care Products in Our Water
The Impacts of Climate Change on Rivers
Healthy Rivers, Resilient Communities
New Dams Won’t Solve Water Supply Needs
Energy Development & Rivers
Hydropower: Is It Really “Clean Energy”?
Hydropower and Climate Change
Mining’s Toxic Legacy On Rivers
Fracking, Oil and Gas Development
Pipeline Failures and our Water Supplies
Conservation Resources & Solutions
Rivers and Climate Change
Integrated Water Management Resource Center
Wild and Scenic Rivers Resource Center
River Conservation Publications
Policy Statements
Media Center
America’s Most Endangered Rivers®
About the Campaign
Donate Now
Other Ways to Give
Planned Giving
Workplace Giving & Stocks
Start a Personal Fundraisier
Donate Your Car
Have a Larger Impact
River Guardians
Anglers Fund
Become a River Ambassador in Your Area
Make a Donation
Make a One-Time Gift
Honor or Remember Someone Special
Become a Monthly Donor
Donor Advised Funds
About American Rivers
What We Stand For
Meet Our Team
Our Board and Advisors
River Councils
Careers & Internships
Contact Us
Make an Impact
Start a Fundraisier to Protect Rivers
Start a Fundraiser on Crowdrise
Join Our Crowdrise Fundraiser
Partner with American Rivers
Our Corporate Supporters
Become a River Ambassador in Your Area
Take Action for Your Rivers
Action Center
Join Us on Our Social Networks
Save Water at Home
Sign Up For News and Information
National River Cleanup ®
Take the Litter Pledge
Volunteer for a River Cleanup Event
Organize a River Cleanup
Terms of Use
Last updated: July 2, 2018
Welcome to the website operated by American Rivers, Inc. We hope that you will use our website to find more information about our conservation efforts, success stories and ongoing projects across the country to protect wild rivers, restore damaged rivers and conserve clean water. We ask that you read these Terms prior to using our website, and by doing so, you agree to accept these Terms.
Eligibility
This website is not intended for the use of children under the age of thirteen years, as outlined in the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). The American Rivers website does not knowingly collect information from such an audience, and we ask that children under the age of thirteen years please refrain from using or sending personally identifying information to this site.
For all other users, by using this website, you assert that: 1) the information you submit is accurate and 2) your use of our website is not in violation of any laws, statutes, or regulations.
Changes
We reserve the right modify or replace these Terms at any time. By continuing to access and use our website after those revisions have become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the website. American Rivers cannot guarantee that the website will remain uninterrupted or error-free. Users are responsible for ensuring that information taken from our website is free of viruses or other types of malware.
Termination
American Rivers may terminate or suspend your access to our website, blog or social media platforms at any point if we determine you are in violation of these Terms.
Intellectual Property and Copyright
All content on our website is the sole property of American Rivers and may not be copied, distributed or otherwise used without the express written permission of American Rivers. Materials on this website may be viewed and used for personal, non-commercial purposes only, and by using the site, you agree not to license, distribute, transfer, create derivative works from, or sell any information found on this website. Additionally, all photos, graphics, videos, texts and other visuals are protected by U.S. copyright law and may not be used from the website without prior consent of American Rivers or the original owner.
For any questions about copyright issues, please contact:
General Counsel
American Rivers, Inc.
1101 14th St, NW
Suite 1400
Washington, DC 20005
Phone: 202.347.7550
Email: contracts@americanrivers.org
Privacy
Keep in mind that users have no reasonable expectation of privacy while using our blog or social media platforms. There is no way to protect information posted in a public forum, and American Rivers will not be responsible for the confidentiality and security of any information shared. Additionally, American Rivers reserves the right to obtain access to, block, disclose and review information posted on our website, blog or social media platforms. American Rivers may also monitor and review activity on our platforms at any time, and we are obliged to share this information with law enforcement organizations and comply with court orders should an investigation occur. For more information, please visit our Privacy Policy.
Links to Other Websites
American Rivers’ website contains links to third-party websites and services that are neither owned nor controlled by American Rivers. While we encourage users to access these sites and resources, we cannot assume responsibility for the content, accuracy of the information, privacy policies or practices of these sites and services. These links do not imply American Rivers’ endorsement of information on another site, and we advise you to review the terms of use of these sites and services prior to accessing the third-party resources.
Right of American Rivers to Use, Edit or Remove User Provided Content
American Rivers welcomes your comments on our blog and on our social media channels, and hope to host energetic, civil discussions. By commenting, posting on, and participating in such platforms, you provide American Rivers with the right to use, modify, display and publish this information and warrant that you are the owner of the content you post. By posting or commenting on our website, social media channels and blog, you agree to: keep your comments focused on the topic at hand; not use profanity, personal attacks, or hate speech; not do anything to violate the rights of another person; and not promote a business, fundraise money or post spam.
We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these guidelines and block users who violate these rules in a continuous or egregious manner. By submitting comments, you agree to our Terms in its entirety and our Privacy Policy.
Disclaimer
Please note that third party comments on our website, blog, and social media channels do not reflect the opinions of American Rivers, Inc.
Choice of Law
All claims arising from these Terms will be governed by the laws of the District of Columbia, and all legal actions and proceedings stemming from these Terms shall be brought in a state or federal court in the District of Columbia. Should a violation occur, American Rivers reserves the right to pursue all remedies available under the law.
Charitable Solicitation Disclosures
American Rivers publishes detailed financial summary information as part of its annual reports, financial reports and IRS 990 forms. Financial information about American Rivers can be found on the State Disclosures page of our website, or obtained by contacting us at:
American Rivers, Inc.
1101 14th Street, NW
Suite 1400
Washington, DC 20005
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless American Rivers, its subsidiaries, and affiliates, and their respective officers, partners and employees, from any loss, damages, liability or claim, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, due to or resulting from your use of this website and / or breach of this agreement.
Severability
If a clause of these Terms is deemed to be invalid or unenforceable, that clause shall be removed, and all other clauses will be enforced.
Donate Now
Donate*
Stay Up to Date
Subscribe