http://www.isleofwightzoo.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Isle of Wight Zoo
10:00am - 4:00pm
01983 403883
Find us
Shop Now
Login
Your cart is empty
Home
About
Plan Your Visit
News/What's On
Animals
Animal Experiences
Learning
The Wildheart Trust
Conservation & Science
10:00am - 4:00pm
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and run by The Wildheart Trust, company number 08058005. The Wildheart Trust is committed to protecting your privacy in accordance with their obligations under the Data Protection Act 1998. This privacy policy explains what information The Wildheart Trust collects about you and how it will be used. When you access and use this website you agree to be legally bound by all our terms and conditions as well as our privacy policy outlined below.
Transactions
The Wildheart Trust makesevery effort to maintain customer confidentiality when securing an online payment. This includes ensuring the security of your credit card details and other personal information. All of your personal information is encrypted as it travels over the internet. When you make a booking, you enter a secure internet site (indicated by the letters https:// in the address bar and or a padlock displayed in your web browser). To protect you against credit card fraud (where someone has discovered your credit card details but do not have your card), you will be asked to enter the unique security code printed on the back of your payment card.
What information do we collect?
The Wildheart Trust collects information from you to enable us to provide you with the goods and services you ask for. This may include your name, address, telephone, email address, credit or other payment card details. The Wildheart Trust does not retain payment card details following completion of a transaction. If any of the information you have provided changes at any time, or appears to be incorrect, please let The Wildheart Trust know by sending an email to: enquiries@isleofwightzoo.com.
The Wildheart Trust will use the information you enter into the website only for administration purposes and any other purposes made clear in the data entry forms themselves, in any relevant terms or conditions and on any pages or emails that link to such forms.
Whenever The Wildheart Trust ask you for information about yourself you may, by ticking the relevant box, opt out of receiving other communications. In addition, whenever you receive other communications by email you will be told how to opt out of being updated by email in the future. If you choose to opt out of being updated as described above The Wildheart Trust will cease all such future disclosure of data.
In no circumstances will The Wildheart Trust collect any data that is not directly related to the use of this website so, for example, we will not record other sites that you have visited.
Third Parties
In order to process an order for goods, or for adopting an animal, The Wildheart Trust may pass your personal information and payment details to third party providers and, where it is lawfully requested to do so, regulatory authorities. Such third party providers will only have access to the personal information needed to perform the relevant service. They may not use your personal information for any other purposes and are required to process your personal information in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
The Wildheart Trust will not otherwise provide any of the personal information you give to us to any third party for any purpose unconnected with a transaction you initiate, except with your prior express consent.
International transfer of information
The Wildheart Trust will retain the personal information you provide within the United Kingdom, and will not transfer it to any other country except with your prior and express consent; however, the internet is global and it is possible that information you provide to The Wildheart Trust will be temporarily transferred via a route outside the European Economic Area as it passes between you and this website, or a third party provider.
How we collect data about your use of this website
The Wildheart Trust tries to ensure that our website offers visitors an enjoyable experience. To help us achieve this goal, The Wildheart Trust, and our appointed agency, may collect anonymous information about your use of this website, and your reading of the newsletter from cookies, and or, by the use of pixel tags. Cookies are small data files that are sent to your browser and pixel tags are used to read such cookies. Most internet browsers automatically accept cookies but you can delete existing cookies from your browser and, by editing your internet browser options, choose not to receive cookies in future. Please note that if you do opt to reject cookies, any personalised functionality of this website, for example the shop, will not operate correctly.
Security
The Wildheart Trust is committed to the security of your personal information and we have security procedures in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under our control.
How Do We Use Your Personal Data
Under the GDPR we must always have a lawful basis for using your personal data. This lawful basis may be because the data is necessary for performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to our use of your data, or because it is in our legitimate business interests to use it. We will use your data for the following purposes:
To respond to any enquiries you submit via email, telephone or a form on our website.
To supply our products and services when you place an order. Your personal details are required for us to entered in to a contract with you.
To contact you with any questions about your order, to confirm your order details, and to follow up after your order has been despatched.
To email you news and offers that you have opted in to. Each of these emails contains an unsubscribe link which you may click at any time to opt out of future emails.
To track (using unique identifiers in cookies) visitor behaviour on our website. Your IP address is anonymised and no personally identifiable information is stored unless you contact us through the website. Further information can be found in our cookie policy.
For How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Data?
The length of time we keep your personal data will vary depending on the purpose for which it was collected:
Where you have contact us but not placed an order, your data will be kept for 2 years after the last date of contact.
Where you have placed an order with us, your data will be kept for 7 years after your last order or 2 years after the last date of contact, whichever is later.
Where you have signed up to our email mailing list via our website we’ll keep your data whilst you keep opening our emails. Any address on the list which doesn’t open a message for 2 years will be removed. Each email newsletter we send will include an unsubscribe link so you can instantly remove yourself at any time.
How and Where Do We Store or Transfer Your Personal Data?
We store your data on our servers in the UK except for the email mailing list with is stored using Mailchimp in the United States of America.
How Can You Access Your Personal Data?
You can contact us to request details and a copy of any personal data we hold. This is called a “subject access request”. You can do this using the contact details below.
There is normally no charge for a subject access request, though if your request is “manifestly unfounded or excessive” (such as making repetitive requests) a fee may be charged to cover our administration costs.
How Can You Contact Us?
If you have any questions about how we collect, use, or store your personal data please contact us using any of the following details:
Email: enquiries@isleofwightzoo.com
Telephone: 01983 403883
Isle of Wight Zoo, Yaverland Road, Sandown, Isle of Wight, PO36 8QB
Want to stay up to date?
Subscribe to our mailing list today to stay up-to-date with all the latest information!
Subscribe Now!
Can you help?
We often run campaigns to go towards a charity that's close to our hearts.
Donate to our cause
Home
Visitor Information
About
Group Visits
Media Enquiries
Adoptions
Volunteer
Work Experience
Recruitment
Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Cookie Policy  |  Code of Ethics
Isle of Wight Zoo is a trading name of The Wildheart Trust, registered in England and Wales.
Company Number: 10238727, Registered Charity Number: 1171144.
Registered Office: Isle of Wight Zoo, Sandown, Isle of Wight, PO36 8QB.
01983 403883  |
enquiries@isleofwightzoo.com
Photography credit: Chris Boyce, K1 Photography; Sienna Anderson; Andy Harper,
Copyright © 2020 Isle of Wight Zoo
Website by
Matrix Create