http://www.wilmad-labglass.com/terms_of_use.aspx
Shopping Cart |
Sign In
Products|Services|Support|Literature Center|Order Center
Home > Support > terms_of_use
Wilmad-LabGlass
– SP Scienceware TERMS OF USE
Wilmad-LabGlass - SP Scienceware (“Wilmad-LabGlass,”
“we,” “us,” or “our”) welcomes you.  We
are excited that you have decided to access our website (the “Website”) located
at www.wilmad-labglass.com, and/or any other affiliated
websites owned or controlled by Wilmad-LabGlass (the “Website”).
We
provide access to our Website to you subject to the following Terms of Use,
which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you.  By browsing the public areas of the Website,
you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be legally bound
by the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use and the terms and conditions
of our Privacy Policy, which is hereby incorporated by reference (collectively,
this “Agreement.”).  If you do not agree
to any of these terms, then please do not use the Website.
Capitalized
terms not defined in these Terms of Use shall have the meaning set forth in our
Privacy Policy.
THE
SECTION BELOW TITLED “MISCELLANEOUS” CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT
AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER. THEY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS. PLEASE READ THEM.
1.         DESCRIPTION
AND USE OF THE WEBSITE
The
Wilmad-LabGlass – SP Scienceware Website provides information about our Wilmad-LabGlass
brand laboratory equipment that is available for purchase through our Website
throughout the world  You can also use
our Website to (a) read publicly accessible content, (b) sign up to receive the
Wilmad-LabGlass eNewsletter, (c) email, upload or otherwise submit content to
us that complies with our community guidelines set forth below (“User
Submissions”), and (d) contact us with questions or feedback.
We
provide Visitors and Registered Users with access to the Website as described
in this Agreement.
Visitors.  Visitors, as the term implies, are people who
don’t register with us, but want to access publicly-accessible content, e-mail
us, and can also subscribe to the Wilmad-LabGlass eNewsletter by providing an
email address.
Registered
Users.  Login is required for all
Registered Users, who can do all the things that Visitors can do, and can also order
products.
Wilmad-LabGlass
is under no obligation to accept any individual as a Registered User, and may
accept or reject any registration in its sole and complete discretion.  In addition, Wilmad-LabGlass may deactivate
any account at any time, including, without limitation, if it determines that a
Registered Users has violated these Terms of Use.
2.         COMMUNITY
GUIDELINES
Wilmad-LabGlass’s
community, like any community, functions best when its people follow a few
simple rules.  By accessing the Website,
you hereby agree to comply with these community rules and that:
•           You will not use the Website for any
unlawful purpose;
•           You will not upload, post, e-mail,
transmit, or otherwise make available any content that:
•            infringes any copyright, trademark, right of publicity, or other proprietary rights of any person or entity; or
•            is threatening, tortious, defamatory, libelous, indecent, obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit, invasive of another’s privacy, or promotes extreme violence or cruelty to animals, or contains hate speech (i.e., speech that attacks or demeans a group based on race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, veteran status, and/or sexual orientation/gender identity; or
•            discloses any sensitive information about another person, including that person’s e-mail address, postal address, phone number, credit card information, or any similar information.
•           You will not “stalk” or otherwise
harass another;
•           Please be courteous, because everyone
wants to be treated with respect, and showing respect to others makes the
community better for all members;
•           Unless otherwise agreed with us,
please don’t use the Website to engage in any commercial activities, including,
without limitation, raising money; advertising or promoting a product, service,
website, or company; or engaging in any pyramid or other multi-tiered marketing
scheme.
•           Don’t post off-topic comments. Please
keep your comments relevant to the products we offer on the Website.
•           You will not access the Website to
collect any market research for a competing businesses;
•           You will not impersonate any person
or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a
person or entity;
•           You will not interfere with or
attempt to interrupt the proper operation of the Website through the use of any
virus, device, information collection or transmission mechanism, software or
routine, or access or attempt to gain access to any data, files, or passwords
related to the Website through hacking, password or data mining, or any other
means; and
•           Please let us know about
inappropriate content.  If you find
something that violates our community guidelines, let us know, and we’ll review
it.
We
reserve the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, to remove any User
Submissions that do not adhere to these guidelines.
3.         RESTRICTIONS
The
Website is available only to individuals and entities that can form legally
binding contracts under applicable law.
By accessing or otherwise using this Website, you (a) certify that you
are at least 18 years of age and (b) have read and agree to be legally bound by
these Terms of Use. In accordance with Federal Children's Online Privacy
Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly solicit, nor will we
accept, personally identifiable information from users known to be under
thirteen (13) years of age. Please see our Privacy Policy, which is hereby incorporated
herein by reference, for additional information or for how to notify us of any
concerns you may have in this regard.
4.         SIGN-IN
NAME; PASSWORD; UNIQUE IDENTIFIERS
During
the registration process for Registered Users, we will ask you to create an account,
which may include a sign-in name (“Sign-In Name”), your email address, a
password (“Password”), and perhaps certain additional information that will
assist in authenticating your identity when you log-in in the future (“Unique
Identifiers”).  When creating your
account, you must provide true, accurate, current, and complete
information.  Each Sign-In Name and
corresponding Password can be used by only one Registered User.  You are solely responsible for the
confidentiality and use of your Sign-In Name, Password, and Unique Identifiers,
as well as for any use, misuse, or communications entered through the Website
using one or more of them.  You will
promptly inform us of any need to deactivate a Password or Sign-In Name, or
change any Unique Identifier.  We reserve
the right to delete or change your Password, Sign-In Name, or Unique Identifier
at any time and for any reason.  Wilmad-LabGlass
will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by any unauthorized use of
your account.
5.         USER
SUBMISSIONS; LICENSES; AND PUBLICITY
YOU,
AND NOT WILMAD-LABGLASS, ARE ENTIRELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL YOUR USER SUBMISSIONS
THAT YOU UPLOAD, POST, E-MAIL OR OTHERWISE SUBMIT TO THE WEBSITE.
You
expressly acknowledge and agree that once you submit your User Submissions for
inclusion into the Website, it will be accessible by others, and that there is
no confidentiality or privacy with respect to such User Submissions, including,
without limitation, any personally identifying information that you may make
available online.  If the Website provides
you with the option of limiting the sharing of a particular User Submission at
a particular time, Wilmad-LabGlass will honor the option you have selected for
that User Submissions at that time, but any such selection shall apply only to
that User Submission and not more generally to all of your User Submissions.
You retain all copyrights and other
intellectual property rights in and to anything you email, upload or otherwise
submit to us. You hereby grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free,
license to use, reproduce, distribute, publish, publicly perform, and publicly
display your User Submissions. In addition, you hereby grant each user of the Website
a non-exclusive license to access your User Submissions, and to use, reproduce,
distribute, publicly display, and publicly perform such User Submissions as
permitted through the functionality of the Website. You also hereby grant Wilmad-LabGlass
a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, license to use your User Submissions,
in whole or in part, to advertise or promote the Website and/or Wilmad-LabGlass.  These licenses shall extend from the time you
upload the User Submission to the Website until a commercially reasonably time
after you remove it, and shall extend to any media now known or hereafter
devised.
6.         COMMUNICATIONS
WITH Wilmad-LabGlass
Although
we encourage you to e-mail us, we do not want you to, and you should not,
e-mail us any content that contains confidential information.  Except for submissions to our Request for
Quote webpage, if you send us e-mail, feedback, questions, comments,
suggestions, and the like, we shall be free to use any ideas, concepts,
know-how, or techniques contained in your communications for any purpose
whatsoever, including but not limited to, the development, production and
marketing of products and services that incorporate such information, as
described in Section 5, above.
7.         PRIVACY
POLICY
Please click here for our privacy policy with respect to information that we may collect from you when
you use our website. Data Access Request - data.protection@spindustries.com - include the type of access request you desire and send from the email address you wish to have updated.
8.         INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY
The
Website contains material, such as software, text, graphics, images, sound
recordings, audiovisual works, and other material provided by or on behalf of Wilmad-LabGlass
(collectively referred to as the “Content”).
You may print a single copy of the Content for your own personal use, but
you need to maintain any notices contained in the Content, such as all
copyright notices, trademark legends, or other proprietary rights notices.
The
Content may be owned by us or by third parties.
The Content is protected under both United States and foreign
laws.  Unauthorized use of the Content
may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws.  You have no rights in or to the Content, and
you will not use the Content except as permitted under this Agreement.  No other use is permitted without prior
written consent from us.  You must retain
all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Content
on any copy you make of the Content.  You
may not sell, transfer, assign, license, sublicense, or modify the Content or
reproduce, display, publicly perform, make a derivative version of, distribute,
or otherwise use the Content in any way for any public or commercial
purpose.  The use or posting of the
Content on any other website or in a networked computer environment for any
purpose is expressly prohibited.
The
trademarks, service marks, and logos of Wilmad-LabGlass – SP Scienceware (“Wilmad-LabGlass
Trademarks”) used and displayed on the Website are registered and unregistered
trademarks or service marks of Wilmad-LabGlass and our affiliates.  Other company, product, and service names
located on the Website may be trademarks or service marks owned by others (the
“Third-Party Trademarks”, and, collectively with Wilmad-LabGlass Trademarks,
the “Trademarks”).  Nothing on the Website
should be construed as granting any license or right to use the Trademarks,
without our prior written permission specific for each such use.  Use of the Trademarks as part of a link to or
from any site is prohibited unless establishment of such a link is approved in
advance by us in writing.  All goodwill
generated from the use of Wilmad-LabGlass Trademarks inures to our benefit.
Elements
of the Website are protected by trade dress, trademark, unfair competition, and
other state and federal laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in
part, by any means, including but not limited to the use of framing or
mirrors.  None of the Content may be
retransmitted without our express, written consent for each and every
instance.
9.         DIGITAL
MILLENEUM COPYRIGHT ACT
Wilmad-LabGlass
respects the intellectual property rights of others and attempts to comply with
all relevant laws. We will review all claims of copyright infringement received
and remove Content deemed to have been posted or distributed in violation of
any such laws.
Our
designated agent under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “Act”) for the
receipt of any Notification of Claimed Infringement which may be given under
that Act is as follows:
Name:              Wilmad-LabGlass/SP
Scienceware
Address:          1172
NW Blvd.
Vineland, NJ 08360
Tel:                  856-697-3000
Email:              cs@wilmad-labglass.com
If you
believe that your work has been copied on the Website in a way that constitutes
copyright infringement, please provide our agent with notice in accordance with
the requirements of the Act, including (i) a description of the copyrighted
work that has been infringed and the specific location on the Website where
such work is located; (ii) a description of the location of the original or an
authorized copy of the copyrighted work; (iii) your address, telephone number
and e-mail address; (iv) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief
that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or
the law; (v) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the
information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or
authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf; and (vi) an electronic or
physical signature of the owner of the copyright or the person authorized to
act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest.
10.       EXTERNAL SITES
The Website may contain links to third-party
websites (“External Sites”).  These links
are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by us of
the content on such External Sites.  The
content of such External Sites is developed and provided by others.  You should contact the site administrator or
webmaster for those External Sites if you have any concerns regarding such
links or any content located on such External Sites.  We are not responsible for the content of any
linked External Sites and do not make any representations regarding the content
or accuracy of materials on such External Sites.  You should take precautions when downloading
files from all websites to protect your computer from viruses and other
destructive programs.  If you decide to
access linked External Sites, you do so at your own risk.
11.       DISCLAIMER
OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
This site and the Content,
materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without
warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. Neither we nor any of our
affiliates assume any responsibility for the accuracy of any information
contained on our site, for any interruptions or errors in accessing our site,
or for any viruses or other harmful components contained on our Website or the
server from which our Website is made available.  Neither we nor any of our affiliates make any
warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this Website
in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness,
reliability or otherwise.  WE AND OUR
AFFILIATES DO NOT MAKE, AND HEREBY DISCLAIM, ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND
WITH RESPECT TO OUR WEBSITE OR THE PRODUCTS OFFERED THROUGH OUR SITE, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR ANY
WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, A COURSE OF DEALING OR TRADE
USAGE.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WE OR
OUR AFFILIATES, OR ANY OF OUR OR OUR AFFILIATES’ RESPECTIVE OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR SUCCESSORS BE
LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS OR
REVENUES, LOST DATA OR INFORMATION, LOSS OF USE OF OUR SITE, BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS REPUTATION OR GOODWILL, COSTS OF SUBSTITUTE
SERVICES, OR DOWNTIME COSTS) RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS OFFERED ON OUR SITE OR
RESULTING FROM ACCESS TO OR OTHER USE OF OUR SITE OR RELIANCE ON ANY
INFORMATION PRESENTED ON OUR SITE, EVEN IF WE ARE INFORMED IN ADVANCE OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOT WITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusion of
certain warranties or limitations of liability, so the above limitations or
exclusions may not apply to you. Our liability in such case will be limited to
the greatest extent permitted by law.
12.       REPRESENTATIONS; WARRANTIES; AND INDEMNIFICATION
(a)        You
hereby represent, warrant, and covenant that:
•           You
are more than 18 years of age, and are fully able and competent to enter into
the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and
warranties set forth in this Agreement, and to abide by and comply with this
Agreement;
•           Use
of your User Submissions in the manners contemplated in this Agreement shall
not violate or misappropriate the intellectual property, privacy, publicity,
contractual, or other rights of any third party; and
•           You
shall not submit to the Website any User Submissions that violate our community
guidelines set forth above.
(b)        You
agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us and our officers, directors, employees,
successors, licensees, and assigns harmless from and against any claims,
actions, or demands, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and
accounting fees, arising or resulting from: (i) your breach of this Agreement;
(ii) your access to, use, or misuse of the Content, the User Submissions, or
the Website, and (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including
without limitation any copyright, trademark, property, or privacy right.  We shall provide notice to you of any such
claim, suit, or proceeding and shall assist you, at your expense, in defending
any such claim, suit, or proceeding.  We
reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any
matter that is subject to indemnification under this section.  In such case, you agree to cooperate with any
reasonable requests assisting our defense of such matter.
13.       COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS
The Website is based in the United States.  We make no claims concerning whether the
Content and/or the User Submissions may be downloaded, viewed, or be
appropriate for use outside of the United States.  If you access the Website, the Content, or
the User Submissions from outside of the United States, you do so at your
own risk.  Whether inside or outside of
the United States,
you are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with the laws of your
specific jurisdiction.
14.       MISCELLANEOUS
This Agreement is governed by the internal
substantive laws of the State of New
York, without respect to its conflict of laws
provisions.  You expressly agree to
submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
sitting in the State of New York.  YOU AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE WEBSITE MUST COMMENCE BY YOU WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR
AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS
PERMANENTLY BARRED.  If any provision of
this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent
jurisdiction or terminated in accordance with the Termination provision above,
the invalidity or termination of such provision shall not affect the validity
of the following provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force
and effect:  “Intellectual Property,”
“Communications with Us,” “No Warranties/Limitation of Liability,” “Representations;
Warranties; and Indemnification,” and “Miscellaneous.”
Our failure to act on or enforce any provision of
the Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of that provision or any other
provision in this Agreement.  No waiver
shall be effective against us unless made in writing, and no such waiver shall
be construed as a waiver in any other or subsequent instance.  Except as expressly agreed by us and you in
writing, this Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between you and us
with respect to the subject matter, and supersedes all previous or
contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties with
respect to the subject matter.  The
section headings are provided merely for convenience and shall not be given any
legal import.  This Agreement will inure
to the benefit of our successors, assigns, licensees, and sublicensees.
Thank you for your
cooperation.  We hope that you find our Website
helpful and convenient to use.  Questions
or comments regarding our site, including any reports of non-functioning links,
should be submitted using our email address at cs@wilmad-labglass.com or via
U.S. mail to 1172 NW Blvd., Vineland, NJ 08360.
Copyright 2017 Wilmad-LabGlass. All
Rights Reserved.
VirTisHullWilmad - LabGlassBel-Art ProductsGenevacFTSHotpack
Copyright © SP Industries. All Rights Reserved