http://www.onr.navy.mil/en/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Office of Naval Research
Skip to Content
ONR GlobalMarine Corps Warfighting LaboratoryU.S. Naval Research Laboratory
About ONR
Leadership
History
Office of the Inspector General
Scientific Peer Review
Locations
Visiting ONR
Organization
Departments
ONR Global
Reserve Component
Our Research
ONR Technology Areas
ONR Program Managers
Naval Research Framework
Work With Us
Funding Opportunities
How to Apply
Manage Your Award
Office of Small Business
SBIR/STTR
Navy ManTech
Navy Technology Transfer
Rapid Innovation Fund
Center for Naval Analyses
Careers at ONR
Education & Outreach
K-12 Programs
Undergrad and Grad Programs
Faculty Programs
DoN HBCU/MI Program
Naval Horizons
Naval STEM
Sponsored Research
International Outreach
News
Media Releases
Media Inquiries
Home »Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy and Privacy Act Systems of Records
The Office of Naval Research (ONR) website is an official U.S. government site. It is provided as a public service by ONR  and the Department of Navy (DoN). The purpose is to provide information and news about ONR to the general public.
ONR will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. If you choose to send email to the site webmaster or submit an online feedback form, any contact information that you provide will be solely used to respond to your request and not stored. In addition:
All information on this site is public domain and may be distributed or copied unless otherwise specified. Use of appropriate byline and photo/image credits is requested.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this website are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigation and to maintain required correspondence files, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are used to simply determine how many users are accessing the site, which pages are the most popular, and, from time to time, from which top level domain users are coming. This data is scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration guidelines.
Privacy Act Systems of Records
A system of records is a group of any records under the control of any agency from which information is retrieved by the name of the individual or by some identifying number, symbol or other identifier assigned to the individual. The Privacy Act requires each agency to publish notice of its systems of records in the Federal Register. This notice is generally referred to as a system of records notice (SORN).
ONR uses a combination of SORNs including government-wide systems, the Department of Defense, DoN and some applicable to ONR only. These notices can be accessed online at http://www.doncio.navy.mil/ContentView.aspx?id=1876. A local system manager is listed for all systems where a local manager is available.
ONR provides a listing of local systems managers online: Download the complete document.
Office of Naval Research
One Liberty Center
875 N. Randolph Street, Suite 1425
Arlington, VA 22203-1995
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Flickr
This is an official U.S. Navy Web site.
Department of the NavyNavy RecruitingUSA.govVeterans Crisis LineNCIS TipsDoD Safe Helpline
Accessibility/Section 508Freedom of Information ActInspector GeneralPrivacy PolicyNo Fear ActLink Disclaimer
Contact UsCareersEventsVisiting ONRONR IssuancesCOOP
* Some pages on this website provide links which require a plug in to view.