https://www.granbyindustries.com/privacy-policy/
enenen-usen-usfrfr
Granby Industries
/
Privacy & Policy
Privacy & Policy
Introduction
Welcome to the Website of Granby Industries. Your use of our Website indicates your agreement with the following Terms of Use. If you do not agree to be bound by and comply with these Terms of Use, please do not access or use this Website.
Intellectual Property Notice
This Granby Industries Website, including any content appearing on or accessible through the site, is protected by copyright. Any adaptation, reproduction or distribution thereof is hereby strictly prohibited unless expressly authorized.
Exclusion of Liability
Granby Industries does not warrant the accuracy, relevance or reliability of this Website’s contents, nor does it guarantee that the contents will be available without errors or omissions. The information contained in this Website shall in no circumstances be construed as a legal opinion and Granby Industries is not responsible for any usage thereof.
Privacy Statement
Granby Industries is committed to upholding your right to privacy in accordance with the laws of Québec and Canada respecting the protection of personal information.
Granby Industries may collect personal information about you. Personal data collection is for the exclusive use of the Firm, to allow us to communicate with you, provide you with the services and information you request or provide you with information that may be of interest to you. Unless otherwise authorized by you, Granby Industries will use personal information for these purposes only. If you do not wish to receive additional information, you may advise us accordingly.
Granby Industries
About Us
News & Events
Careers
Partners
Contact Us
Petroleum Tanks
Petroleum tanks – Our Products
Residential Oil Tanks
Light Commercial Oil Tanks
Light Industrial Oil Tanks
Accessories
Documentation
Questions and answers
Warranty activation
Contact Us
Composite Tanks
Our fiberglass tanks
Underground Tanks
Above Ground Storage Tanks
Others Products
Dry Hydrant Accessories
Lids
Vents
Pipes
Types of use
Fire Protection Tanks
Potable water Tanks
Waste water Tanks
Rainwater Tanks
Maple sap Tanks
Grease interceptors Tanks
Outfitters camp Tanks
Wash water Tanks
Animal feed bulk storage Tanks
Green building Tanks
Stormwater Tanks
Careers
Learn more
Our Business
Fiberglass tank Versus Concrete tank
Lake or Tank?
Projects
News & Events
Documentation
Contact Us
Get Instant Quote or more info
Heating Products
Heating products
Warm Air Furnaces – Oil
Warm Air Furnaces – Electric
Cast Iron Boilers – Oil & Gas
Wall Hung Gas Boilers
Boilers – Electric
Panel Radiators and Towel Warmers
Documentation
Applications
Panel Radiator App
Choose a boiler
Questions and answers
Warranty activation
Contact Us
Propane
Site Map
Privacy & Policy
enenen-usen-usfrfr
EnglishEnglish (us)Français