https://www.baseclear.com/policies/
News
Blog
Experts meetings
Order online
Zoeken
English
Home
About BaseClear
Meet our experts
Our location & building
Our history
Partners
Quality assurance
Career / jobs
Policies
Industries we serve
Human health
Probiotics & Live Biotherapeutics Products (LBP)
Infant formula & infant personal care
Partnership in clinical trials
Diet & lifestyle
Product release & quality control
Personal care
Skin Health & Skin Care
Intimate Care
Oral Health
Hair products
Animal Health & Performance
Antimicrobial resistance and the microbiome
Feed efficiency
Vaccines and their influence on the microbiome
Diet and animal health & performance
Modulating the microbiome for more environmentally friendly animal husbandry
Safety Assessment of feed ingredients
Research & Academics
Solutions we deliver
Human microbiome analysis
Gut microbiome analysis
Maternal & infant microbiome analysis
Blood microbiome analysis
Onco-microbiome analysis
Urine microbiome analysis
Skin microbiome analysis
Scalp microbiome analysis
Oral microbiome analysis
Vaginal microbiome analysis
Animal microbiome research
Regulatory affairs
Safety Assessment of feed ingredients
Safety assessment of food enzymes
Safety assessment of food microbes
Characterisation of microorganisms for regulatory approval
Antibiotic resistance gene screening
Quality Solutions
Cell line characterization using ultra-long sequencing technology
Adventitious agents and viral testing
Mycoplasma detection
Monitoring microbial contaminants
Microbial identification
MALDI-TOF technology
Microseq® Microbial identifications
Root cause analysis
Multi-locus sequence typing (MLST)
Strain typing using REP-PCR
Core Genomics
Sanger sequencing
Fragment analysis
Next-Generation sequencing
Illumina sequencing
PacBio sequencing
Nanopore sequencing
Genome analysis
Transcriptome analysis
Metagenomics
Metatranscriptomics
Microbial profiling
Soil microbiome
Strain-specific quantification (qPCR)
Microbiome analysis by shallow shotgun
Bioinformatics
Genome assembly and annotation
Comparative genomics
Genome Explorer
Lab products
Zymo Research
Sample kits
DNA purification
ZymoPURE plasmid kits
Quick-DNA HMW Magbead Kit
RNA purification
Microbiomics
HostZERO Microbial DNA
Sample collection & preservation
Faecal collection & preservation
Epigenetics
E.coli
Yeast products
BaseGene
Gene synthesis
Kisker Biotech
Request quotation
Contact
Policies
Home » Policies
In your relationship with BaseClear you trust us with your information. We believe transparency is essential to build and maintain this relationship. Through ongoing monitoring, continuous improvement, and frequent audits we maintain our services at the highest quality level. The importance of compliance and transparency is outlined in our policies below:
Terms and conditions:
The general terms and conditions apply to all agreements by and between BaseClear and the Client and to all legal acts in connection therewith.
Go to Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy:
This privacy policy sets out how BaseClear BV (“BaseClear”) uses and protects any information that you may provide to us by the use of our website and/or our services. BaseClear is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected in doing business with us.
Go to Privacy Statement
Cookies:
While interacting with our website, we may collect personal information to improve your experience via various channels such as downloads, contact forms, information request, etc.
Go to cookie statement
Complaint policy:
Any clients feedback, both positive and negative, is welcomed by BaseClear. If a client files a compliant, BaseClear will follow the official complaint policy for the correct receipt, assessment and decision on the complaint(s). The purpose of this is to record sufficient information so that a full and correct complaint analysis is possible. In addition, we value clear communicating about the complaint in such a way that the clients is satisfied.
Request complaint procedure
Sample instructions:
Working with biological material may be challenging. For this BaseClear developed a NGS sample submission guideline to guarantee a proper shipment, usage, storage, and disposal of samples.
Go to sample instructions
Convinced? Get in touchGet a quoteMeet baseClearContact form
Direct contact
+31 (0)71 523 3917 info@baseclear.com
Cookies
Privacy policy
General terms & conditions
We use cookies to ensure that our website runs as smoothly as possible. Read our cookie statement and privacy policy for more details.Agree
We use cookies to ensure that our website runs as smoothly as possible. Read our cookie statement and privacy policy for more details.Agree