http://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~daw/papers/privacy-compcon97-www/privacy-html.html
Privacy-enhancing technologies for the Internet
Ian Goldberg David Wagner Eric Brewer
University of California, Berkeley
{iang,daw,brewer}@cs.berkeley.edu
Abstract:
The increased use of the Internet for everyday activities is bringing
new threats to personal privacy.
This paper gives an overview of
existing and potential
privacy-enhancing technologies for the Internet, as well as
motivation and challenges for future work in this field.
1 Introduction
Recently the Internet has seen tremendous growth, with
the ranks of new users swelling at ever-increasing rates.
This expansion has catapulted it from the realm of academic research
towards new-found mainstream acceptance and increased social relevance
for the everyday individual.
Yet this suddenly increased reliance on the Internet has the potential
to erode personal privacies we once took for granted.
New users of the Internet
generally do not realize that every post they make to a newsgroup,
every piece of email they send, every World Wide Web page they access,
and every item they purchase online could be monitored or logged
by some unseen third party.
The impact on personal privacy is enormous; already we are seeing
databases of many different kinds, selling or giving away collections
of personal data, and this practice will only become more common as
the demand for this information grows.
All is not lost.
While the Internet brings the danger of diminished privacy, it
also ushers in the potential for expanding privacy protection to
areas where privacy was previously unheard of.
This is our vision:
restoration and revitalization of personal privacy for online activities,
and betterment of society via privacy protection for fields where that
was previously impossible.
We want to bring privacy to the Internet, and bring the Internet
to everyday privacy practices.
The purpose of this paper is not to present new results, but rather to
encourage further research in the area of Internet privacy protection,
and to give an overview (necessarily brief in a short paper such as this)
of privacy-enhancing technologies.
Section 2 explores some motivation
for studying privacy issues on the Internet,
and Section 3 provides some relevant
background.
We then discuss Internet privacy technology chronologically, in three
parts:
Section 4 describes the technology of yesterday, Section 5 explains
today's technology, and Section 6 explores the technology of tomorrow.
Finally, we conclude in Section 7.
2 Motivation
The threats to one's privacy on the Internet are two-fold:
your online actions could be (1) monitored by unauthorized parties
and (2) logged and preserved for future access many years later.
You might not realize that your personal information has been
monitored, logged, and subsequently disclosed;
those who would compromise your privacy have no incentive to warn you.
The threat of long-term storage and eventual disclosure of personal
information is especially acute on the Internet.
It is technically quite easy to collect information (such as a
compendium of all posts you have made to electronic newsgroups)
and store it for years or decades, indexed by your name for
easy retrieval.
If you are looking for a job twenty years from now, do you
want your employer to browse through every Usenet posting you've
ever made?
If you are like most people, you have probably said something (however
minor) in your past you would prefer to forget--perhaps an incautious
word from your indiscreet youth, for instance.
Long-term databases threaten your ability to choose what you
would like to disclose about your past.
Furthermore, in recent years great advances have been made in
technology to mine the Internet for interesting information.
This makes it easy to find and extract personal information about you
that you might not realize is available.
(For instance, one of your family members might have listed information
about you on their web page without your knowledge; Internet search
engine technology would find this easily.)
Did you know your phone number, email address, and street address
are probably listed on the Web?
Or that your social security number is available on any of
several for-pay electronically-searchable databases?
Most people probably do not want to make it easy for
salesmen, telemarketers, an abusive ex, or a would-be stalker
to find them.
In these ways,
the Internet contributes to the ``dossier effect'', whereby a single
query can compile a huge dossier containing extensive information
about you from many diverse sources.
This increasingly becomes a threat as databases containing
personal information become electronically cross-linked more widely.
A recent trend is to make more databases accessible
from the Internet; with today's powerful search engine and information-mining
technology,
this is one of the ultimate forms of cross-linking.
(For instance, phone directories, address information, credit reports,
newspaper articles, and public-access government archives are all
becoming available on the Internet.)
The ``dossier effect'' is dangerous: when it is so easy to
build a comprehensive profile of individuals,
many will be tempted to take advantage of it,
whether for financial gain, vicarious entertainment,
illegitimate purposes, or other unauthorized use.
Government is one of the biggest consumers and producers of dossiers
of personal information, and as such should be viewed as a
potential threat to privacy.
The problem is that
today's governments have many laws, surveillance agencies, and other tools
for extracting private information from the populace [6].
Furthermore, a great many government employees have access to this
valuable information, so there are bound to be some workers who
will abuse it.
There are many examples of small-scale abuses by officials:
a 1992 investigation revealed that IRS employees at just one
regional office made hundreds of unauthorized queries into
taxpayer databases [2]; employees of the Social Security
Administration have been known to sell confidential government
records for bribes as small as $10 [22];
highly confidential state records of AIDS patients have leaked [3].
Finally, there is very little control or oversight,
so an corrupt leader could easily misuse this information to seize
and maintain power.
A number of cautionary examples are available:
FBI Director Edgar Hoover had his agency spy on political dissidents,
activists, and opponents;
the NSA, a secret military surveillance agency,
has a long history of spying on domestic targets [5];
President Clinton's Democratic administration found themselves with
unauthorized secret dossiers on hundreds of Republican opponents
in the ``Filegate'' scandal.
Anonymity is one important form of privacy protection
that is often useful.
We observe that anonymity is often used not for its own sake,
but primarily as a means to an end,
or as a tool to achieve personal privacy goals.
For example, if your unlisted telephone number is available on the web,
but can't be linked to your identity because you have used
anonymity tools, then this might be enough to fulfill your need
for privacy just as effectively as if you had kept the phone number
completely secret.
Many applications of online anonymity follow the common theme of
``physical security through anonymity''.
For instance, political dissidents living in totalitarian regimes
might publish an exposé anonymously on the Internet to avoid
harassment (or worse!) by the secret police.
In contexts other than the Internet,
anonymous social interaction is both commonplace
and culturally accepted.
For example, the Federalist papers were penned under the pseudonym Publius;
many other well-known literary works,
such as Tom Sawyer, Primary Colors,
etc. were also written anonymously or under a pseudonym.
Today, home HIV tests rely on anonymous lab testing;
police tip lines provide anonymity to attract informants;
journalists take great care to protect the anonymity
of their confidential sources;
and there is special legal protection and recognition
for lawyers to represent anonymous clients.
The US Postal Service accepts anonymous mail without prejudice;
it is well-known that anonymous voice calls can be easily
made by stepping into a payphone;
and ordinary cash allows everyday people to purchase merchandise
(say, a copy of Playboy) anonymously.
In short,
most non-Internet technology today grants the ordinary person
access to anonymity.
Outside of the Internet, anonymity is widely accepted
and recognized as valuable in today's society.
Long ago we as a society reached a policy decision,
which we have continually reaffirmed,
that there are good reasons to protect and value anonymity off the Internet;
that same reasoning applies to the Internet, and
therefore we should endeavor to protect online anonymity as well.
There are many legitimate uses for anonymity on the Internet.
In the long term, as people take activities they'd normally
do offline to the Internet, they will expect a similar level
of anonymity.
In fact, in many cases, they won't even be able to imagine
the extensive use this data could be put to by those
with the resources and incentive to mine the information
in a less-than-casual way.
We should protect the ordinary user rather than requiring them to
anticipate the various ways their privacy could be compromised.
Moreover, the nature of
the Internet may even make it possible to exceed those expectations
and bring anonymity to practices where it was previously nonexistent.
In the short term, there are a number of situations where
we can already see (or confidently predict)
legitimate use of Internet anonymity:
support groups (e.g. for rape survivors or recovering alcoholics),
online tip lines, whistleblowing,
political dissent, refereeing for academic conferences,
and merely the pursuit of everyday privacy of a less noble and grand nature.
As the New Yorker magazine explained in a famous cartoon,
``On the Internet, nobody knows you're a dog''[23]--and this
is perhaps one of the greatest strengths of the Internet.
On the other hand, illicit use of anonymity is all too common
on the Internet.
Like most technologies, Internet anonymity techniques can be used
for better or worse, so it should not be surprising to find some
unfavorable uses of anonymity.
For instance, sometimes anonymity tools are used to distribute
copyrighted software without permission (``warez'').
Email and Usenet spammers are learning to take advantage of
anonymity techniques to distribute their marketing ploys widely
without retribution.
Denial of service and other malicious attacks are likely to become
a greater problem when the Internet infrastructure allows wider
support for anonymity.
The threat of being tracked down and
dealt with by social techniques
currently acts as a partial deterrent to would-be intruders,
but this would be eroded if they could use Internet
tools to hide their identity.
We have already seen one major denial of service attack [10]
where the attacker obscured his IP source address
to prevent tracing.
Widespread availability of anonymity will mean that site administrators
will have to rely more on first-line defenses and direct security
measures rather than on the deterrent of tracing.
Providers of anonymity services will also need to learn to prevent
and manage abuse more effectively.
These topics are discussed at greater length in later sections.
3 Background
A few definitions are in order.
Privacy refers to the ability of the individual
to protect information about himself.
Anonymity is privacy of identity.
We can divide anonymity into two cases:
persistent anonymity (or pseudonymity), where the user
maintains a persistent online persona (``nym'')
which is not connected with the user's physical identity (``true name''),
and one-time anonymity, where an online persona lasts for just one use.
The key concept here is that of linkability:
with a nym, one may send a number of
messages that are all linked together but cannot be linked to the
sender's true name;
by using one-time anonymity for each message, none
of the messages can be linked to each other or to the user's physical
identity.
Forward secrecy refers to the inability of an adversary to recover
security-critical information (such as the true name of the sender of
a controversial message) ``after the fact'' (e.g. after the message is
sent);
providers of anonymity services should take care to provide forward
secrecy, which entails (for instance) keeping no logs.
Some of the more obvious uses of persistent anonymity are in
``message-oriented'' services,
such as email and newsgroup postings.
Here, the two major problems
to be solved are those of sender-anonymity, where the originator
of a message wishes to keep his identity private, and of
recipient-anonymity, where we wish to enable replies to a persistent
persona.
In contrast to ``message-oriented'' services, we have ``online''
services.
In these services, which include the World-Wide Web,
online chat rooms, phones, videoconferences, and most
instances of electronic commerce, we wish to enable two
parties to communicate in real time, while allowing
one or both of them to maintain their anonymity.
The added challenges for online services stem from
the increased difficulty involved in sending low-latency
information without revealing identity via timing coincidences;
to support these online services, we want to erect
a general-purpose low-level infrastructure
for anonymous Internet communications.
In addition, certain specific applications, such as private
electronic commerce, require sophisticated
application-level solutions.
4 Past
In past years email was the most important distributed application,
so it should not be surprising that early efforts at bringing
privacy to the Internet primarily concentrated on email protection.
Today the lessons learned from email privacy provide a foundation
of practical experience that is critically relevant to the design of new
privacy-enhancing technologies.
The most primitive way to send email
anonymously involves sending the message to a trusted friend,
who deletes the identifying headers and
resends the message body under his identity.
Another old technique for anonymous email
takes advantage of the lack of authentication for email headers:
one connects to a mail server and forges fake headers (with
falsified identity information) attached to the message body.
(Both approaches could also be used for anonymous posting to newsgroups.)
Of course, these techniques don't scale well, and they
offer only very minimal assurance of protection.
The technology for email anonymity took a step forward with
the introduction of anonymous remailers.
An anonymous remailer can be thought of as a mail server which
combines the previous two techniques, but using a computer to
automate the header-stripping and resending process
[4, 16, 17, 24].
There are basically three styles of remailers;
we classify remailer technology into ``types'' which indicate
the level of sophistication and security.
The anon.penet.fi (``type 0'') remailer
was perhaps the most famous.
It supported anonymous email senders by stripping identifying
headers from outbound remailed messages.
It also supported recipient anonymity: the user was assigned a
random pseudonym at anon.penet.fi, the remailer maintained
a secret identity table matching up the user's real email address with
his anon.penet.fi nym, and incoming email to the nym at
anon.penet.fi was retransmitted to the user's real email address.
Due to its simplicity and relatively simple user interface,
the anon.penet.fi remailer was the most widely used remailer;
sadly, it was shut down recently after being harassed by legal pressure
[18].
The disadvantage of a anon.penet.fi style (type 0)
remailer is that it provides rather weak security.
Users must trust it not to reveal their identity when they
send email through it.
Worse still, pseudonymous users must rely on the confidentiality of
the secret identity table--their anonymity
would be compromised if it were disclosed, subpoenaed, or bought--and
they must rely on the security of the anon.penet.fi site to
resist intruders who would steal the identity table.
Furthermore, more powerful attackers who could eavesdrop on Internet
traffic traversing the anon.penet.fi site could match up
incoming and outgoing messages to learn the identity of the nyms.
Cypherpunk-style (type I) remailers were designed to address these
types of threats.
First of all, support for pseudonyms is dropped;
no secret identity table is maintained, and remailer operators take great
care to avoid keeping mail logs that might identify their users.
This diminishes the risk of ``after-the-fact'' tracing.
Second, type I remailers will accept encrypted email, decrypt it,
and remail the resulting message.
(This prevents the simple eavesdropping attack where the adversary
matches up incoming and outgoing messages.)
Third, they take advantage of chaining to achieve more robust
security.
Chaining is simply the technique of sending a message through several
anonymous remailers, so that the second remailer sees only the address
of the first remailer and not the address of the originator, etc.
Typically one combines chaining with encryption:
the originator encrypts repeatedly,
nesting once for each remailer in the chain;
the advantage is that
every remailer in a chain must be compromised before
a chained message can be traced back to its sender.
This allows us to take advantage of a distributed collection of
remailers; diversity gives one a better assurance that at
least some of the remailers are trustworthy, and chaining ensures
that one honest remailer (even if we don't know which it is)
is all we need.
Type I remailers can also randomly reorder outgoing messages to prevent
correlations of ciphertexts by an eavesdropper.
In short, type I remailers offer greatly improved security over
type 0, though they do have some limitations which we will discuss next.
5 Present
The newest and most sophisticated remailer technology is the
Mixmaster, or type II, remailer [7, 11].
They extend the techniques used in a type I remailer to provide
enhanced protection against eavesdropping attacks.
First, one always uses
chaining and encryption at each link of the chain.
Second, type II remailers use constant-length messages,
to prevent passive correlation attacks where the eavesdropper matches up
incoming and outgoing messages by size.
Third, type II remailers include defenses against
sophisticated replay attacks.
Finally, these remailers offer improved message reordering code
to stop passive correlation attacks based on timing coincidences.
Because their security against eavesdropping
relies on ``safety in numbers'' (where the target message cannot
be distinguished from any of the other messages in the remailer net),
the architecture also calls for continuously-generated
random cover traffic to hide the real messages among the random noise.
Another new technology is that of the ``newnym''-style nymservers.
These nymservers are essentially a melding of the recipient anonymity
features of a anon.penet.fi style remailer with the
chaining, encryption, and other security features of a cypherpunk-style
remailer: a user obtains a pseudonym (e.g. joeblow@nym.alias.net)
from a nymserver; mail to that pseudonym will be delivered to him.
However, unlike anon.penet.fi, where the nymserver operator
maintained
a list matching pseudonyms to real email addresses,
newnym-style nymservers only match pseudonyms to ``reply blocks'':
the nymserver operator does not have the real email address of the user,
but rather the address of some type I remailer, and an encrypted block of
data
which it sends to that remailer.
When decrypted, that block contains the
address of a second remailer, and more encrypted data, etc.
Eventually,
when some remailer decrypts the block it receives, it gets the real email
address of the user.
The effect is that all of the remailers
mentioned in the reply block would have to collude or be compromised in
order
to determine the email address associated with a newnym-style pseudonym.
Another simple technique for recipient anonymity uses message pools.
Senders encrypt their message with the recipient's
public key and send the encrypted message to a mailing list or
newsgroup (such as alt.anonymous.messages, set up specifically
for this purpose) that receives a great deal of other traffic.
The recipient is identified only as someone who reads
the mailing list or newsgroup, but onlookers cannot narrow down the
identity
of the recipient any further.
A ``low-tech'' variant might use classified advertisements
in a widely-read newspaper such as The New York Times.
Message pools provide strong recipient anonymity, but of course
the huge disadvantage is that they waste large amounts of bandwidth
and pollute mailing lists with bothersome noise.
With the increasing sophistication in remailer technology,
we find that modern remailers have been burdened with
a correspondingly complicated and obscure interface.
To deal with this unfriendly mess, client programs have sprung
up to provide a nicer interface to the remailers.
Raph Levien's premail [21] is the archetypical example.
Even so,
using remailers still requires some knowledge;
for even greater user-friendliness, we need this support to be
integrated into popular mail handling applications.
One could reasonably argue that the problem of anonymous email
is nearly solved, in the sense
that we largely understand most of the principles of building
systems to provide email anonymity.
However, email is not the only important application on the Internet.
More recently, we have begun to see privacy support
for other services as well.
The ``strip identifying headers and resend'' approach used by remailers
has recently been applied to provide anonymity protection
for Web browsing as well.
Community ConneXion has sponsored the Anonymizer [9], a web proxy
that filters out identifying headers and source addresses from the
web browser.
This allowing users to surf the web anonymously without revealing their
identity to web servers.
However, the Anonymizer offers rather weak security--no chaining,
encryption, log safeguarding, or forward secrecy--so its security
properties are roughly analogous to those of type 0 remailers.
Other implementations have since appeared based on the same
approach [12, 15];
but technology for anonymous web browsing remains relatively
unsophisticated and underdeveloped.
Finally, anonymous digital cash is another state-of-the-art
technology for Internet privacy.
As many observers have stressed, electronic commerce will
be a driving force for the future of the Internet.
Therefore, the emergence of digital commerce solutions with
privacy and anonymity protection is very valuable.
DigiCash's ecash [8] has the strongest privacy protection
of any deployed payment system--it uses sophisticated
cryptographic protocols to guarantee that the payer's
privacy is not compromised by the payment protocol
even against a colluding bank and payee.
Thus, DigiCash's ecash has many of the privacy properties
of real cash; most other deployed payment systems have only about as much
privacy as checks or credit cards.
Of course, the DigiCash protocols only prevent your identity
from being revealed by the protocols themselves: if you send
the merchant a delivery address for physical merchandise, he
will clearly be able to identify you.
Similarly, if you use pay using ecash over a non-anonymized IP
connection, the merchant will be able to deduce your IP address.
This demonstrates the need for a general-purpose infrastructure
for anonymous IP traffic, as discussed later.
(The other option is to pay by email, with which you can use the
existing remailer infrastructure, to preserve your privacy.)
In any case, security is only as strong as the weakest link
in the chain, and we need strong anonymity (such as provided
by DigiCash's protocols) in our payment system as well as strong
anonymity in our data transport infrastructure.
DigiCash's anonymous ecash does have a few limitations.
Like the telephone or the fax machine, its success depends on
seeing widespread adoption by a large number of customers and
merchants; but so far it has merely a relatively small user base.
Also, it currently offers only one-way anonymity--namely, anonymity
for payers but not for payees--so parties who wish to sell
services or information anonymously are currently not served well
by DigiCash's ecash.
Nonetheless, improvements are still being made, and DigiCash
is a important pioneer in this crucial area.
6 Future
The first author has made significant progress on working around
the limitations of DigiCash's ecash.
His enhancements attempt to stimulate growth in the user base by
making it easy to use ecash without signing up for an account at
a participating bank (thus eliminating paperwork).
Additionally, he developed support for currency trading and e-cashiering,
where service providers may offer to buy or sell DigiCash ecash
in exchange for other forms of payment.
His improvements also include bi-directional anonymity to support
change-making and anonymous merchants,
and a Netscape plug-in to make payment more transparent.
These improvements are compatible with DigiCash's system--users
can take advantage of his enhancements without any changes to the
bank's software.
When attempting to design anonymity support for web traffic,
interactive text/voice/video chatting, remote telnet
connections, and other similar services, we quickly see that
what we need is an infrastructure to provide bi-directional
anonymity protection for general-purpose low-latency interactive
Internet traffic.
Wei Dai has described an architecture
that would provide this protection
based on a distributed
system of anonymizing packet forwarders, analogous to today's
remailer network; he called it ``Pipenet'' [13].
We will use the generic term pipenet for any architecture built
along these lines.
No complete pipenet design, much less implementation, is available yet.
Several authors have independently attempted to build a system with
similar features [26], but because they were unaware of
the work of Wei Dai [14] and other cypherpunks, their design remains
vulnerable to a number of attacks.
Due to space limitations, we cannot give a full list of threats and attacks
in this paper; we will merely confine ourself with observing
that pipenet must protect against all of the attacks against
remailers discussed above, as well as some others specific to
low-latency long-lived connections.
A future paper will discuss these threats in detail and give
a number of possible countermeasures.
We hope that the great applicability of a general-purpose infrastructure
for anonymized Internet traffic will motivate and stimulate
new research in this area.
Another great challenge that faces future researchers in
Internet privacy technology is the problem of abuse.
As tools and infrastructure for anonymity become available,
some will abuse these resources for illicit purposes.
We have some experience with handling abuse from the deployed remailers.
Abuse only accounts for a small minority of remailer usage, but
it is typically much more visible.
One of the most common abuses of remailers is junk email,
where senders hide behind anonymity to send vast quantities of
unsolicited email (usually advertising)
to a large number of recipients who find it unwelcome.
Remailers today include simplistic alarms
when they encounter a large volume of mail
in a short time; then remailer operators can delete the spammed messages
and source block the spammer (i.e. blacklist the sender).
Harassment of a targeted individual is another common abuse of
anonymous remailers.
One countermeasure is to have targeted individuals install
mail filtering software.
(Remailers could also provide destination blocking services,
but this raises many thorny issues; the right solution is
for the recipient to filter their email.)
The effect of this abuse is to place tremendous political
and legal pressure on the remailer operator [18].
Of course, remailer operators receive no benefit themselves from
providing anonymity services to the world, which makes it all
the harder to justify spending much time, money, or effort
to defend one's remailer.
Each incident of abuse generates a number of complaints to the
remailer operator, his ISP, and others who might be in a position
to pressure them.
This situation has become so acute that one of the greatest
difficulties in setting up a new remailer is finding a host
who will not give in to the political pressure.
Undoubtedly the magnitude and severity of abuse will increase
when more infrastructure (such as pipenet) becomes available,
and we will need to know how to deal with this problem.
For instance, pipenet potentially allows malicious hackers to
break into a remote site untraceably.
We can borrow some techniques from today's remailers.
For instance, intrusion detection software at the last hop in a pipenet
chain may detect some attacks, but it also has some serious limitations;
we can also use source blocking to shut out known trouble-makers.
New techniques will probably be needed too.
For example, some have suggested that requiring a small
payment for the anonymity services would reduce spam, harassment,
and denial of service attacks by making it too expensive to
send large volumes of data; also, the resulting revenue might
make it easier and more economical for providers of anonymity services
to handle abuse and stand up to political pressure.
In any case, abuse management and prevention is likely
to remain a central challenge for future anonymity technology.
Others have proposed some special-purpose applications for
Internet privacy, though implementation experience is somewhat lacking.
The Eternity Service [1] is designed to provide long-term
distribution
of controversial anonymous documents, even when the threat model
includes governments and other powerful parties,
but the design has not been implemented and deployed yet.
Many cryptographers have studied the problem of electronic voting,
and cryptographic protocols abound [25]--but more practical
experience
with building and deploying large voting systems is needed.
The need for more application-specific privacy-respecting systems
will no doubt arise as the Internet continues to grow.
Perhaps the most important challenge facing Internet privacy advocates
is to ensure that it sees widespread deployment.
The issues include educating users about the need for special privacy
protection to restore the privacy lost in an online world,
building privacy software that is integrated with popular applications,
winning over those who fear anonymity,
and building systems that meet the needs of real users.
It is important that this technology reaches the users who most need it.
7 Conclusion
We have surveyed a number of privacy technologies currently available
to the Internet user.
We have also listed a number of challenges and directions
for future research.
We wish to see a variety of means by which users
can protect their privacy, preferably by putting privacy-enhancing
technology
directly into their own hands.
Where the cooperation of others is necessary
to ensure personal privacy,
the system should not be easily subverted by the mere collusion or compromise
of a few participants.
We conclude with an important piece of wisdom
from the cypherpunks [19, 20].
The cypherpunks credo can be roughly paraphrased as
``privacy through technology, not through legislation.''
If we can guarantee privacy protection through the laws of mathematics
rather than the laws of men and whims of bureaucrats, then
we will have made an important contribution to society.
It is this vision which guides and motivates our approach to
Internet privacy.
References
1
Ross Anderson, ``The Eternity Service,''
PRAGOCRYPT 96.
ftp://ftp.cl.cam.ac.uk/users/rja14/eternity.ps.Z
2
Gary Anthes,
``IRS uncovers bogus access to tax records (Internal Revenue
Service's Atlanta office investigation),''
Computerworld, vol. 27 no. 32, 9 Aug 1993, p. 15.
3
Associated Press, 19 Sept 1996.
4
Andre Bacard, ``Anonymous Remailer FAQ,'' 1996.
http://www.well.com/user/abacard/remail.html
5
James Bamford, The Puzzle Palace,
Penguin Books, New York, 1983.
6
Douglas Barnes, ``The Coming Jurisdictional
Swamp of Global Internetworking (Or, How I Learned to Stop Worrying
and Love Anonymity),'' unpublished manuscript, 16 Nov 1994.
http://www.communities.com/paper/swamp.html
7
David Chaum,
``Untraceable Electronic Mail, Return addresses, and Digital Pseudonyms,''
Communications of the ACM, February 1981, vol. 24 no. 2.
http://www.eskimo.com/~weidai/mix-net.txt
8
David Chaum,
``Blind Signatures for Untraceable Payments,''
CRYPTO 82, Plenum, pp. 199-203.
9
Community ConneXion, ``Anonymous Surfing,'' 1996.
http://www.anonymizer.com/
10
Elizabeth Corcoran, ``Hackers Strike at NY Internet
Access Company,'' The Washington Post, 12 Sept 1996, p. D09.
11
Lance Cotrell, ``Mixmaster & Remailer Attacks,'' 1995.
http://www.obscura.com/~loki/remailer/remailer-essay.html
12
Ray Cromwell, ``Welcome to the Decense Project,'' 1996.
http://www.clark.net/pub/rjc/decense.html
13
Wei Dai, ``PipeNet,'' Feb 1995, post to
the cypherpunks mailing list.
14
Wei Dai, personal communication.
15
Laurent Demailly, ``Announce:
Anonymous Http Proxy (preliminary release),'' Usenet post.
http://www.lyot.obspm.fr/~dl/anonproxy.txt
16
Arnoud Engelfriet, ``Anonymity and Privacy
on the Internet,'' 19 Dec 1996.
http://www.stack.nl/~galactus/remailers/index.html
17
C. Gulcu and G. Tsudik,
``Mixing E-mail with Babel,''
Proc. Symp. Network and Distributed System Security, 1996, pp. 2-16.
18
Johan Helsingius, press release, 30 August 1996.
http://www.cyberpass.net/security/penet.press-release.html
19
Eric Hughes, ``A Cypherpunk's Manifesto,''
9 March 1993.
ftp://ftp.csua.berkeley.edu/pub/cypherpunks/rants/.manifesto.html
20
Steven Levy, ``Crypto Rebels,''
Wired, May/June 1993, vol. 1 no. 2, pp. 54-61.
http://www.hotwired.com/wired/1.2/features/crypto.rebels.html
21
Raph Levien, ``premail''.
http://www.c2.net/~raph/premail.html
22
The Nando Times, 20 Nov 1996, New York,
staff and wire reports.
23
The New Yorker, 5 July 1993, p. 61.
24
Andreas Pfitzmann and Michael Waidner,
``Networks without user observability--design options,''
EUROCRYPT 85, LNCS 219, Springer-Verlag, pp. 245-253.
http://www.informatik.uni-hildesheim.de/~sirene/publ/PfWa86anonyNetze.html
25
Bruce Schneier, Applied Cryptography,
second edition, John Wiley & Sons, 1996.
26
Paul Syverson, David Goldschlag, Michael Reed,
``Anonymous Connections and Onion Routing,'' draft manuscript.
http://www.itd.nrl.navy.mil/ITD/5540/projects/onion-routing/overview.html
About this document ...
Privacy-enhancing technologies for the Internet
This document was generated using the LaTeX2HTML translator Version 96.1 (Feb 5, 1996) Copyright © 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996,
Nikos Drakos, Computer Based Learning Unit, University of Leeds.
The command line arguments were:
latex2html privacy-html. The translation was initiated by David Wagner on Tue Jan 21 14:32:33 PST 1997 ...identity.Users of anonymity services should keep in mind that
messages written by the same person tend to share certain characteristics,
and that this fact has been used to identify the authors of anonymous works
in the past.
David Wagner
Tue Jan 21 14:32:33 PST 1997