http://www.pangaea.de/about/legal.php
Legal Notice
Responsibility for this website and the Twitter page @PANGAEAdataPubl
in compliance with §5 TMG (German Tele-Media Act)
Alfred-Wegener-Institut
Helmholtz-Zentrum für Polar- und Meeresforschung
Am Handelshafen 12
27570 Bremerhaven
Germany
Legal form: Das Alfred-Wegener-Institut ist eine Stiftung des öffentlichen Rechts.
Representatives: Prof. Dr. Antje Boetius (Direktorin), Dr. Karsten Wurr (Verwaltungsdirektor)
VAT-ID: DE114707273
Phone: +49 471 4831-0
Fax: +49 471 4831-1149
E-mail: info@awi.de
Web: www.awi.de
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
By using the PANGAEA website and our Twitter page you consent to our privacy policy and terms of use.
Liability for Content
We make every effort to keep the information on our website current, but accept no liability whatsoever for the content provided.
Pursuant to §7 par. 1 of TMG (German Tele-Media Act), the law limits our responsibility as a service provider to our own content on
these Web pages. According to §§8 to 10 of TMG, we are not obligated to monitor third party information provided or stored on our
website. However, we shall promptly remove any content upon becoming aware that it violates the law. Our liability in such an
instance shall commence at the time we become aware of the respective violation.
Liability for Links
Our site contains links to third-party websites. We have no influence whatsoever on the information on these websites and
accept no guaranty for its correctness. The content of such third-party sites is the responsibility of the respective owners
and or providers. At the time third-party websites were linked to ours, we found NO GROUNDS WHATSOEVER of any likely contravention
of the law. We shall promptly delete a link upon becoming aware that it violates the law.
Website Design and Implementation
Design: MedienIngenieure Bremen
Bootstrap 3 Layout: mpme Webdesign Bremen and the technical team of PANGAEA
Image Credits
Images shown on the PANGAEA website are taken from the following sources:
Topic "Agriculture": A field with straw bales after harvest on the sky background (Anastasiia Malinich, Shutterstock)
Topic "Atmosphere": Unknown (Shutterstock)
Topic "Biological Classification": Butterfly (Sunny, Flickr, CC BY-NC 2.0)
Topic "Biosphere": Jellyfish at the Vancouver Aquarium (Tom Magliery, Flickr, CC BY-NC-SA 2.0)
Topic "Chemistry": Flasks (Joe Sullivan, Flickr, CC BY 2.0)
Topic "Cryosphere": Antarctic iceberg floating in the ocean with beautiful background (MarcAndreLeTourneux, Bigstock)
Topic "Ecology": Union Wood sunrise 3 (Mark Carthy, Shutterstock)
Topic "Fisheries": Fish Swimming in Lisbon Aquarium (iofoto, Shutterstock)
Topic "Geophysics": Lava flow in Hawaii (Sandatlas, Shutterstock)
Topic "Human Dimensions": Terraced fields in Western Ghats mountains. Kodaikanal, Tamil Nadu, India (f9photos, Bigstock)
Topic "Lakes & Rivers": A creek with rocks and running water. landscape experience in nature (ginasanders, Bigstock)
Topic "Land Surface": Peaks of the himalayas (pius99, Bigstock)
Topic "Lithosphere": Der Grand Canyon gewährt einen Einblick in die erdgeschichtliche Entwicklung (Tobias Alt, GFDL licensed)
Topic "Oceans": Angry spray and foam sail skyward as wild waves pound the coastline off Kauai, Hawaii (Bonita R. Cheshier, Shutterstock)
Topic "Paleontology": Fossil snail shells imprint (Michal Ninger, Shutterstock)