https://www.wildlifenorthamerica.com/privacy.php
Wildlife North America . com
North American Animals - mamals, birds, reptiles, insects
HOME
ANIMAL LISTS
Mammals
Reptiles
Birds
Insects
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and we are committed to safeguarding your privacy while online at our site www.wildlifenorthamerica.com. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site.
Collecting Information
We use Google Analytics for to analyze web trends, administer the site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We do not collect any personally identifiable information about visitors. The only time we record an email address is when you provide it voluntarily via email or blog responses. Your email address will only be used to respond to your message - we do not send any bulk mail or newsletters. And we never divulge your email address to any third parties.
Cookies
Our site does not use cookies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site to deliver the advertisements and links that appear on www.wildlifenorthamerica.com. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by www.wildlifenorthamerica.com.
Advertisers
We use outside ad companies, including Google Adsense to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies and are collected by our ad companies, and we do not have access to this information.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google uses the DoubleClick DART cookie to
enable it to serve ads based on your visit to www.wildlifenorthamerica.com and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: inquiries@wildlifenorthamerica.com.
Home |
Mammals |
Reptiles |
Birds |
Insects |
Privacy Policy |
Disclaimer |
Contact Us