http://www.pbmmi.com/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Cookies
This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Please read our cookie notice for more information on the use of cookies on this website.
Accept Cookies
Top
Content type
EventHomepageIntegrationLanding PageNewsProductPromotionsSlide BannerSolutionsAuthorGeneral PageBlogContactOfficePortal PageResourceWebformWebinar
COVID-19
COVID-19 Resources
Virtual demo requests
Corporate
Solutions
By Market
Academic Research
Agriculture
Biobanking
Government
Pharma and Biotech
Research Foundations
By Application
Clinical Trial Sample Management
Data Management/Informatics
Discovery, Compound Management and Biologics
Regenerative Medicine and Cell Therapy
Sample Preparation and Lab Services
Sample Transport and Cold-Chain Logistics
Vaccine Development
Geography
Asia-Pacific
Europe
North America
Products
Brooks Life Sciences Virtual Booth
Automated Storage Systems
Ambient to -20 °C
-80 °C
-190 °C Cryogenic
Informatics Systems
Sample Consumables & Instruments
Sample Tube Consumables & Instruments
PCR/Assay Microplate Consumables & Instruments
Sterilization Services
Microplate Coding Services
Promotions
Services
Sample Management Solutions
Sample Hub™ Integrated Lifecycle Management
Sample Storage
Sample Prep and Lab Services
Clinical Trial Collection Kit and Project Management
Biological Transport and Lab Moving
Information Technology Solutions
Business Continuity and Risk Mitigation
Quality Management
GENEWIZ Genomic Services
Support
Technical Support
Product Updates
Resources
Blog
About Us
About Brooks Life Sciences
Brooks Corporate Management Team
Investor Relations
Quality, Compliance and Security
Events
News
Careers
Contact Us
Utility Navigation
BioInventory Login
Portals Login
Portals
Careers
CLICK A SAMPLE MANAGEMENT PATHWAY TO LEARN MORE
Basic Research and Drug Discovery
Learn how Brooks Life Sciences supports researchers through the basic research process, from experimental design, collection, processing, data generation, analysis and sample storage.
Discovery, Compound Management and Biologics
From sample acquisition and storage to high-throughput compound screening, we provide flexible, modular solutions that offer the security and reliability that assure accurate, on-time order fulfillment, reduced costs, and high throughput.
Biobanking Sample Management
Brooks supports biobank organizations need for quality hardware and software that not only preserves their inventory of unique biological samples, but makes retrieving and testing samples easier for researchers.
Preclinical Research
Brooks Life Sciences offers consulting services that identify the appropriate testing, sample processing, and data analysis methodologies for preclinical studies. We also provide support for the collection, processing, and analysis of those samples, plus storage for archival purposes.
Clinical Studies Sample Management
Brooks Life Sciences partners with biotech and pharmaceutical customers to provide clinical trial sample management and processing that ensure the safety, integrity, and regulatory compliance essential for FDA review.
Cell Therapy
From cell collection to therapeutic administration, Brooks Life Sciences has the cryopreservation storage solutions, transport handling devices, and storage containers that support the protection, monitoring, control, and auditing of cells throughout the cell therapy workflow.
Molecular Diagnostics | Biomarkers
Brooks Life Sciences supports the development of molecular diagnostic research with comprehensive sample management, storage, and analytical services that remove variables, reduce risk, and yield richer study results.
Direct to Consumer Genomics | Genetics
Brooks Life Sciences supports personal genetics companies with analysis, diagnostics, and consumer information. We manufacture sample collections kits, manage and process the samples, analyze the results, and manage the storage biobanks.
Visit the Resource Center
Vaccine Handling Below -70ºC
Application Note
ABCs of Risk Mitigation in Biobanking
Infographic
Cryopreservation: Best Practices for CAR-T Cell Storage
Whitepaper
Featured Content
WEBINAR Speakers: Kathy Ramirez-Aguilar, Ph.D. & Christina Greever
For nearly a decade, efforts have been growing in the laboratory sustainability community to minimize the environmental impact of cold sample storage in research.
When cold storage is employed with reduced energy usage and space optimization, research benefits from better sample management, better protection of research samples, and cost savings through efficient use of resources.
Discussions in the webinar will help you:
Define cold-storage practices that positively impact research.
Apply best practices to minimize the environmental footprint of cold sample storage in your lab.
ACCESS NOW
Upcoming Events
ALL EVENTS
July 1, 2020 — July 1, 2021
ISBER 2020 Educational Program Series - Virtual Booth
9:00 AM
Visit the Brooks Life Sciences Virtual Booth for Smarter Biobanking Solutions.
Wed, 07/01/2020 - 09:00
- Thu, 07/01/2021 - 18:00