http://www.towerbridge.org.uk/legal/privacy
Skip to main content
EnglishFrenchSpanishGermanItalian
Privacy Notice
Tower Bridge is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy when you provide your information for online purchases, all ticket bookings and ticketed events, learning activities associated with school bookings, events, newsletters and visitor surveys. This Privacy Notice explains how we use information about you and how we protect your privacy. If you have any concerns or questions about how we look after your personal information, please contact the City of London’s Data Protection Officer, also the Comptroller and City Solicitor, Michael Cogher, at information.officer@cityoflondon.gov.uk.
Please note - this Privacy Notice was updated on 17 November 2020.
1. Your personal information
Personal information is anything that directly or indirectly identifies and relates to a living person, such as a name, address, telephone number, date of birth, unique identification number, photographs, video recordings (including CCTV) etc.
Some personal information is ‘special category data’ and needs more protection due to its sensitivity. This includes any information about an identifiable individual that can reveal their sexuality and sexual health, religious or philosophical beliefs, racial origin, ethnicity, physical or mental health, trade union membership, political opinion, genetic/biometric data. Personal information relating to criminal offences and convictions, although not ‘special category data’, is still sensitive in nature and merits higher protection.
All personal data collected will be evaluated periodically and only kept as long as necessary or in line with legal requirements.
2. Why do we need your personal information?
We will collect and process the following data about you:
To manage orders placed on the Tower Bridge website, in regard to events or our online shop. For certain events it may be necessary to collect data from other members of a booking party, other than the booking lead. Any payment information you provide via credit/debit card details are not retained by Tower Bridge and are processed through a secure server operated by Tower Bridge’s Payment Service Provider.
To respond to any correspondence received from yourself.
We may ask you about your access requirements.
To send you communications by electronic means (emails and e-newsletters) in order to inform you of other relevant news, including promotions, and products related to Tower Bridge and the Monument
Our website also uses cookies which are small files which stores information that we put on your hard disk so that it can remember your preferences at a later date. Read our Cookies Policy on our website.
The personal data collected by Tower Bridge is evaluated periodically to determine whether it still needs to be held subject to any legal retention periods i.e. financial data being held for six years.
You may contact Tower Bridge if you no longer want us to hold your data, and you may also request details of the information we hold on you.
Tower Bridge may provide information to outside bodies such as government agencies and other public bodies, but this will not contain any personal identifying information.
Information we receive from other sources (Third Party Information). We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies). We will notify you when we receive information about you from them and the purposes for which we intend to use that information.
Where we are working with you individually, or over a sustained period of time, for example in one of our Learning projects, we may need to collect additional information from you including, for example, educational attainment and details of any learning difficulties or special access requirement. This information will be used by our project team in order to plan and deliver the very best educational experiences for you, to keep participants safe throughout their experience with us, and may be passed to emergency services for use should any emergency situation arise.
Additionally, information you provide will also be used for the purpose of complying with the Government’s Test and Trace scheme. This information will be held for a period of 21 days before being securely destroyed. In addition, this information will only be shared with the NHS test and Trace scheme responders.
We will always seek your consent for the above at the time we collecting your information, and, where we need to collect this information in respect of children or young people we will ask parents or guardians to provide the information and consent to its use for the purposes described
3. How the law allows us to use your personal information
There are several legal reasons why we will need to collect and use your personal information in different circumstances.
Generally, we collect and use personal information where:
you, or your legal representative, have given consent
you have entered into a contract with us
it is necessary to perform our statutory duties or other legitimate purposes
it is necessary to protect someone in an emergency
it is required by law
it is necessary for employment purposes
it is necessary to deliver health or social care services
you have made your information publicly available
it is necessary for legal cases
it is to the benefit of society as a whole
it is necessary to protect public health
it is necessary for archiving, research, or statistical purposes
4. Consent
If we have consent to use your personal information for any particular reason, you have the right to remove your consent at any time. If you want to remove your consent, please contact information.officer@cityoflondon.gov.uk and tell us which service you are using, so we can deal with your request.
5. Your rights regarding your personal information
The law gives you a number of rights in relation to what personal information is used by the City of London, and how it is used. These rights are listed below, and full details can be found in the City of London’s Data Subject Rights Policy.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at enquiries@towerbridge.org.uk.
Our Sites may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites and any services that may be accessible through them have their own privacy policies and that We do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or for any personal data that may be collected through these websites or services, such as contact and location data. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites or use these services.
You can ask us to:
provide you with a copy of the personal information that we hold about you;
correct personal information about you which you think is inaccurate;
delete personal information about you if you think we no longer should be using it;
stop using your personal information if you think it is wrong, until it is corrected;
transfer your personal information to another provider in a commonly used format;
not use automated decision-making processes to make decisions about you
6. Who do we share your personal information with?
In some circumstances, we use other organisations to either store personal information or use it to help deliver our services to you. Where we have these arrangements, there is always an agreement in in place to make sure that the organisation complies with data protection law.
Sometimes we have a legal duty to provide personal information to other organisations.
We may also share your personal information when we consider/believe that there is a good reason to do so, which is more important than protecting your privacy. This doesn’t happen often, but in these circumstances, we may share your information:
to find and stop crime and fraud; or
if there are serious risks to the public, our staff or to other professionals;
to protect a child; or
to protect adults who are thought to be at risk, for example if they are frail, confused or cannot understand what is happening to them
For all these reasons, the risk must be serious before we can override your right to privacy.
If we are worried about your physical safety or feel we need to take action to protect you from being harmed in other ways, we will discuss this with you and, if possible, get your permission to tell others about your situation before doing so.
We may still share your information if we believe the risk to others is serious enough to do so.
If this is the case, we will make sure that we record what information we share and our reasons for doing so. We will let you know what we have done and why, if we think it is safe to do so.
7. How do we protect your personal information?
We have a legal duty to make sure we hold your personal information (on paper and electronically) in a secure way, and to only make it available to those who have a right to see them. Examples of our security include:
Encryption, meaning that information is hidden so that it cannot be read without special knowledge (such as a password).
Pseudonymisation, meaning that we will use a different name or identifier to hide parts of your personal information from view. This means that someone outside of the City of London could work on your information for us without ever knowing it was yours
Controlling access to systems and networks allows us to stop people who are not allowed to view your personal information from getting access to it
Training for our staff allows us to make them aware of how to handle personal information, and how and when to report when something goes wrong
You can find more details of our Information Security expectations in our IT Security Policy.
8. Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It will also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. These staff may be engaged in the fulfilment of your request, order or reservation, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to Our Sites; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
We will collect and store personal data on your Device using application data caches and other technology.
Certain Services include social networking, chat room or forum features. Ensure when using these features that you do not submit any personal data that you do not want to be seen, collected or used by other users.
https://www.towerbridge.org.uk/legal/privacy