http://www.affoundation.org/privacy-statement
Skip navigation
Blog | News | Contact Us | NewsletterAbout AFF
What We Do
News
Resources
Advocacy
Family Forest Owners
Woodland Magazine
Ways to Give
Privacy StatementHome ::
Share
Privacy Statement
Privacy StatementThis website is owned and operated by the American Forest Foundation (AFF). Our intention is to provide useful information about our Foundation and its programs. AFF is committed to ensuring the privacy of our visitors' personal information. Therefore, we will not sell or share any information obtained about our visitors with third party organizations or businesses, except to provide information requested by the visitor.AFF protects the confidentiality of its donors. We never sell information about our contributors. We honor all requests by donors who wish to remain anonymous, and except for donor acknowledgement, share information about other contributors only and unless they expressly require, request or approve that we do so. If you would like to review personal information collected and request corrections, please contact us at the American Forest Foundation, 2000 M Street, NW Suite 550, Washington, DC 20036.This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.When you place an order or offer a donation we will need to know your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card number and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order. This information is offered through a secure Internet connection.If you use our Information Request form or other email correspondence we may ask for your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number. This allows us to process your request and provide you with the most complete information via the quickest method. Media contact information will be used to disseminate news and information about AFF and its programs.From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys or via media contact forms is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name, email or mailing address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Survey information will be used for purposes of interpreting survey research results, monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, the American Forest Foundation, is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our website visitors to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Family Forests MatterDo you know the important resources and products you use every day come from family forests?Learn MoreConservationAFF is working across the U.S. to help family landowners address today's most critical issues in our forests.Learn MoreTAKE ACTIONYou can help ensure the right policies are in place to conserve our nation's forests and woodlands. Act NowSTAY CONNECTEDSubscribe to our free email newsletters to stay updated on family forest stewardship,landowner insights, and more.SIGN UP NOW
Woodlands Conservation |
Policy & Advocacy | News & Media | About Us | Resources | Facebook | Twitter | Contact Us | Site Map | Privacy Statement2000 M Street, NW, Suite 550 | Washington, D.C. 20036 | © 2020 American Forest Foundation202-765-3660
Mission, Vision, Values & Goals
Our PeopleOur Staff
Board of Trustees
Woodland Committee
Certification Committee
Careers
Awards & Recognitions
Reports & Financials
ConservationConservation in the WestWhy Wildfire and Clean Water?
Reducing Wildfire Risk in California
Protecting Clean Water for Denver, CO
Fighting Wildfire
Protecting Montana's Headwaters
Midwest ConservationWatershed in Wisconsin
Lake Superior Restoration
Conservation in the SouthWhy Wildlife and Wood Supply in the South?
Carolinas Conservation Collaborative
Helping Florida Landowners Protect Endangered Wildlife
Saving the Longleaf Pine
Cumberland Plateau
Increasing Sustainability and Helping Wildlife in Arkansas and Lo
Conserving the NortheastWhy Wildlife Habitat in the Northeast?
My Maine Woods
My MassConn Woods
Woods, Wildlife & Warblers
Creating Forested Wildlife and Bird Habitat Across New England
Protecting Wildlife Across Central Appalachia
Carbon in Family ForestsFamily Forest Carbon Program
Family Forest Carbon Program
Forest Carbon Policy
White Oak Initiative
Partner Collaboration
Tools for ForestersWoodsCamp
Landscape Management Plan
Conservation Partnerships
CertPilot Tool
American Tree Farm SystemATFS Info for Landowners
ATFS Info for Companies, Partners
About Tree Farmers
Highlights From ATFS's 75 Years
Policy and Advocacy
Sustainability Options for CompaniesFamily Forest Carbon Program
Sustainability Assurance Solutions
Certification of Family Forests
Conservation Solutions
Forests In Focus
Media Kit
News Releases
AFF in the News
AFF Blog
My Land Plan for Landowners
Learnings on Landowner Outreach
Report: Vanishing Pieces of the Puzzle
Report: Building with WoodHelp Conserve Forestland
Report: Western Water and Wildfire
Report: Southern Wildlife at Risk
Report: Protecting Northeast Wildlife
White Paper: Family Forests and Carbon Markets
Current Forest Policy IssuesFamily Forests and Carbon
Disaster Recovery
Wildfire Risk Reduction
Markets for Wood Products
Landscape Scale Restoration
Endangered Species
Taxes and Forest Conservation
Forests in the Farm Bill
Advocacy LeadersBecome an Advocacy Leader
Legislative Process
Lobbying Rules
Connecting with Congress
Action Center
Family Forests ProvideWildlife Habitat
Clean Water
Sustainable Wood
Economic Impact
Carbon Sequestration
Meet the Forest Owners
Forest Owner Barriers
Subscribe
Latest Issue
FAQS
Contact Woodland
For Advertisers
Donate Online
Planned Giving
Monthly Giving
Donations by Mail
Match Your Gift
Your Impact
Donor Privacy Policy