http://www.signpostbsl.com/useful-links/privacy-policy--cookies
Contact
Home | Useful Links | Privacy Policy & Cookies
Privacy Policy & Cookies
OverviewThis Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices of ITV Studios Limited trading as ITV SignPost (together referred to as “we”, “us”, “our” or “Company”).We take privacy issues relating to users of our Website seriously. We respect your personal information and will hold that information as required by Data Protection legislation. This Privacy Policy explains what information we will collect about you, how we will use it and the steps we will take to ensure that it is kept secure. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of this Website you can contact: content.delivery@itv.comBy using this Website you consent to us collecting and using personal information about you on the terms set out in this policy.Types of Information that We Collect:In order to better provide you with our numerous services, we collect two types of information about our users: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customised experience while using our site.1. Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are and what you are about. When you engage in certain activities on this Website, such as registering for a membership, ordering a product or service, entering a competition, filling out a survey, or sending us feedback, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself such as your name, address, telephone number, email address. Engaging in these activities is entirely at your discretion. Depending upon the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some is voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.2. Non-Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. We gather certain information about you based upon where you visit on our Website in several ways. This information is compiled and analysed on both an individual and an aggregated basis. This information may include the Website’s Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) that you just came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address. A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web. An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (“TCP/IP”) network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks like the Web use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web, allowing web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet.When you use our Website we will store cookies on your computer in order to facilitate and customise your use of our Website. A cookie is a small data text file, which a Website stores on your computer’s hard drive (if your Web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to us. The cookies make your use of the Website easier, make the Website run more smoothly and help us to maintain a secure Website. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but some parts of our Website may not work properly in that case.ITV Studios Limited trading as ITV SignPost
Stay up to date
Enter your details to receive the latest news and information from ITV SignPost
Get in touch!
If you have a question, are interested in working with us, or are looking for a job opportunity, send us an enquiry and we'll get back to you!
0844 881 5200signpost@itv.comThe Watermark, Gateshead, NE11 9SZ