https://www.civics-online.org/privacy-policy/
Open Government
Voting Rights
Civics Education
Last updated: March 26, 2016
This privacy policy applies to all people that visit the Civics-Online.org website. By using the Civics-Online.org website you consent to the collection and use of your information as outlined in this privacy policy. We may decide to update this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any changes to this privacy policy on this website and list the last date it was last updated.
Civics-Online.org respects your privacy. We collect information to improve the quality of our website and our user experience.
What Information We Collect
We automatically collect standard information provided by most web browsers that can include visitor’s IP address, URL requested, referring URL, etc. We store this information in our server logs as is common practice for most websites. We collect name and email address when it is provided in our contact form and in our email newsletter signup form. We store this information in a list for our email newsletter. If you would like this information deleted, simply contact us via our contact form requesting that we delete any emails from your email address and we will delete any emails from the email address you specify from our list.
How We Use Information We Collect
We use the information we collect to improve the performance and usability of our website. We will contact people periodically that have opted into received our email newsletter.
Cookies and Web beacons
We do not use cookies or web beacons.
Links to Other Sites
The Civics-Online.org website contains links to other sites. Those sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. We are not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content of such sites since we do not control them.
With Whom Do We Share Information
We do not share any personally identifiable information with any third parties. We specifically do not share our email newsletter list with any third party.
Children
We do not specifically target children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect, without parental consent, personally identifiable information from such children. If we are notified that we collected information from a child under the age of 13 we will delete it from our system.
California Privacy
If you are a resident of California and you visit the Civics-Online.org website and you provide any personal information via our contact form, you may request a list of any third parties with whom we have shared your information with. You may make one such request per calendar year. Please use our contact form and state that you are a California resident and provide your address.
Email Newsletter
Sign up for our newsletter to stay up to date on civics education in America.
About Us
A recent Pew Research Center study found that only one in three Americans can name one of three branches of government. This shows just how little emphasis is being placed on teaching American ideals and values in our schools. It's time to address the glaring lack of civics education in America.