http://www.esi.ac.at/info/privacy-policy
Activities
Info for Guests
About the Institute
Reports and Publications
ESI Medal
Login
Guests
Organizers
Research at the ESI
Accommodation
Public Transport
Computer System
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Whenever you visit our website or participate in one of our
activities, the Erwin Schrödinger Institute for Mathematics and
Physics (ESI) collects and processes personal information from
you in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR).
This privacy policy describes which data are collected and how
they are stored and used by the ESI.
Which information is collected?
Every time you visits the ESI website, the time of access,
IP-address of your device as well as the browser
type and version are recorded and stored for a period of two
weeks.
If you register for one of the ESI's activities, we collect and
process the following information:
First and last name
Email address
Date of birth
Gender (optional)
Dietary requirements (optional)
Nationality
Affiliation (name, city, country)
Name and phone number of family members to be contacted in case of emergency (optional)
Dates of stay
How is this information used?
The information collected by the ESI is used only internally
for organizing and documenting the various activities. Certain
information, such as your name and e-mail address may be
used to contact you about activities you are participating
in. If you opt-in to receiving our newsletters, the ESI may
use your name and e-mail address to send you information
about the institute's various activities and other relevant
topics.
Certain information, such as your name, e-mail address,
affiliation, as well as your dietary requirements, will be
shared with the organizers of the events you are attending.
In addition, the name, affiliation and duration of stay of
participants of ESI activities will be published in the ESI's
yearly report and on the ESI webpage.
What are your rights?
You can, at any time, obtain a copy of your data or have your
data modified or deleted. Respective requests should be sent to
the ESI administration at secr@esi.ac.at.