http://www.strychnine.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Contact
Services
Laboratory Automation
Informatics
Software Development
Business Analysis
Technical Documentation
Selected Projects
Publications
Products
External Links
Blog
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Woodward Informatics Ltd uses and protects all information sent to me, Dr. Michael D. O’Shea, through the use of this website or through business interactions.
I am committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should I ask you to provide certain information, then you can be assured that I will only use this information in accordance with this privacy statement.
I may change this privacy policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this webpage periodically to ensure that you are happy with any policy alterations. The initial version of the privacy policy was in place for the period 12 Sep 2011 – 25 May 2018. The current version policy has been in effect for the period 25 May 2018 to 11 Dec 2020 (reviewed as part of GDPR).
What information may be stored
The information you provide.
Other information sourced from the public domain.
What do I do with the information stored
Internal record keeping.
Security
I am committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, I have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information collected online.
Cookies
This website has been developed with WordPress and current/future versions of WordPress may use cookies.
Links to other websites
This website does contain links to other websites. I will not be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you disclose upon leaving this website, even through a hyperlink originating from this website. It is your responsibility to exercise caution by examining the privacy statements (if available) of all third-party websites and making an informed decision regarding all information you choose to disclose.
Controlling your personal information
I will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless required by law to do so. I will provide you a complete electronic copy of all information I have about you, including any or all electronic communication. I will permanently delete or obsfucate all information I have about you, including any or all electronic communication, at your request.
© Copyright: Woodward Informatics 2020.
Woodward Informatics Limited, Telephone: +44 7402 851 508
Email: woodwardinformatics@strychnine.co.uk PGP public key: MIT PGP Key Server
Privacy Policy