https://www.safelaneglobal.com/en/terms-and-conditions/
Website usage terms and conditions
Welcome to our website.  If you continue to browse and use this website, you are accepting and agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use.  These terms, together with our privacy policy govern SafeLane Global’s relationship with you in relation to this website.  If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use the website.
The terms ‘SafeLane Global’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refer to SafeLane Global Limited, the owner of the website whose registered office is Unit 2 Phocle Park, Phocle Green, Upton Bishop, Ross on Wye.  HR9 7XU.  Our company registration number is 03431843 (registered in England and Wales).  The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is made available free of charge and is subject to change, suspension, withdrawal or restricted availability without notice.
We amend these terms from time to time.  Each time you use this website, please check the terms to ensure you understand those that apply at the time.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences.  For more details, please see our privacy policy.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. Such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
Acceptable use: You may use our website only for lawful purposes.
You may not use our website:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our website in contravention of the provisions of these terms.
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt: any part of our website;
any equipment or network on which our website is stored;
any software used in the provision of our website; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information.  They do not signify that we endorse the website(s).  We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
Using material on our site:
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our website, and in the material published on it.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.  All such rights are reserved.  You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.  You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.  Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.  You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.  If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Viruses:
We do not guarantee that our website will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.  You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site.  You should use your own virus protection software.