http://www.ccge.org/privacy.asp
OUR SITES
Canadian Geographic
Canadian Geographic Photo Club
Royal Canadian Geographical Society
Canadian Atlas Online
Geography Challenge
Canadian Geographic Kids
Fostering geographic engagementamong Canadians
HOME
WHAT’S NEW
CALENDAR
ABOUT US
MEMBERSHIP
PROGRAMS
RESOURCES
AWARDS
FEEDBACK
DONATE NOW!
FRANÇAIS
Home / Privacy Policy /
Privacy Policy
Thank you for your interest in our organization and other
services. Your privacy is very important to us and we
believe in giving you full disclosure about the kinds
of information we gather and what we do with it. We also
want to give you a choice about the use of your personal
information.
Personally identifiable information
This is information you may have given us specifically
about who you or your gift recipients are, such as:
• name,
mailing address, email address, user name, password
• demographic information (such as age and education)
• your interests and preferences
• transactional information (such as the history of your purchases
or the fact that your name and address was obtained by us on a contest
entry)
We may use the information in these ways:
We use your name and address (postal and/or email)
in order to deliver the product, information or service
you requested and to follow up with you about the transaction
(i.e., send a bill, notify you that your subscription
is expiring etc). We may also send you further information
about the publication, its offers, or other products
produced under its name. We use the information you
provide us about others to enable us to send them your
gifts subscriptions or products.
From time-to-time our magazines or web sites may make
their list of customers available to other carefully
screened organizations that want to let you know about
a product or service that might interest you. The material
to be sent to you or your gift recipient is reviewed
by us before the names and addresses are released to
ensure the company is reputable and their materials
are appropriate. If you wish to know what list your
name came from, we will make every reasonable effort
to determine the source and provide you with the information.
If you would prefer for us NOT to share your information,
simply inform us (see "Contact Us" below).
Your credit card number, debit card number, or banking
information for pre-authorized payments is used only
for processing payments and for presenting you with
payment options — not for marketing purposes.
Anonymous/aggregated information
This is information that cannot personally identify
you, such as:
• System Information. The type of operating
system you are using (eg. Windows 98, Mac OS), the domain
name of your Internet Service Provider (ISP) (eg. AOL,
Sympatico, Rogers Internet) and the type of browser
you are using (eg. Netscape, Internet Explorer). Browser
information (i.e. the URL of the web page you were just
on, the IP address of the computer you are using and
your domain type) is automatically recorded as part
of transmitting information over the Internet. We may
use it to help us display information in the best format
for you.
• Cookies. A cookie is a small text file we place in your browser's
files. No one else can read this file. Cookies allow our server to
recognize you when you return to our site, so you don't have to re-register
and so we can retain any preferences you may have given us. If you
do not wish to receive cookies, most browsers allow you to be alerted
when a cookie is sent to your computer, so you can decide whether
to accept it.
• Statistical Reports. We may develop summary reports to help us and
our advertisers better understand our audience and provide web content
and advertisements that are more likely to be of interest to you.
For example, we may report total number of visitors to our site in
general or to specific pages, average length of visit, etc. No identifying
data about individuals would be reported.
• "Clickstream" Data. During your visit to our sites, we may record
choices you have made and use this to provide more customized content
or advertising. The data does not identify you and is not retained
after your visit. This is sometimes called "clickstream" data. If
we do market research studies or polls in any area that will only
be reported in aggregate, this will be indicated.
Control of Your Information
You always have the option to instruct us not to use
your name, address, e-mail address, etc. beyond providing
you with the product, information or service you requested.
See "Contact Us" below.
E-mail communications will always include an "Unsubscribe" option.
We regularly use the Canadian Marketing Association "do
not mail/do not call" service to remove customers from
marketing campaigns. To add your name to this list,
see "Canadian Marketing Association" below.
Security
We make every reasonable effort to protect against
the loss, misuse, and alteration of personal information
under our control. Our security policies are periodically
reviewed and enhanced as necessary.
Only authorized individuals and suppliers have access
to customer information. Where information is sent to
a third party for processing, we make sure, through
our contracts with them, that all customer information
is kept secure. We keep your information for the time
we are providing you with a product or service, and
for a reasonable time thereafter in the event that you
wish to resume service.
We operate secure data networks protected by industry
standard firewall and password protection systems. Credit
card information is processed using industry-standard
encryption and security. We do not collect personal
information from bulletin boards or forums. However,
we cannot guarantee that personal information voluntarily
disclosed on message boards and discussion groups will
not be collected and used by others, which may result
in unsolicited messages to you from other parties.
Contact Us
You may contact Canadian Geographic Enterprises regarding
privacy matters in any one of the following ways:
E-mail: privacy@canadiangeographic.ca
Mail:
Canadian Geographic
Privacy Officer
Suite 200, 1155 Lola Street
Ottawa (Ontario)
K1K 4C1
Telephone: (613) 745-4629
Fax: (613) 744-0947
Canadian Marketing Association
We are a member of the Canadian Marketing Association
(CMA), and abide by its Code of Ethics and Standards
of Practice, including its Internet privacy policy.
Call the CMA at 416-391-2362 or visit their website
at www.the-cma.org and click on "Consumer Information" for
more information on inclusion in their "do not mail/do
not call" lists and for comprehensive online information.
Updates
From time to time, we may update our privacy statement.
Please review this policy periodically.
Copyright
No part of this website may be reproduced in any form
without the express written consent of The Royal Canadian Geographical Society.
Share this page
The perfect resource for teachers! Come here to explore maps and themes as well as find hundreds of lesson plans that are written specifically for your curriculum!
Visit
the Canadian Atlas Online now!
“Teachers and students across Canada are so fortunate to have access to the Canadian Atlas Online.
We can now access lessons on current topics for any region in Canada. This is a fabulous and free research tool that brings Canada into our classrooms!”
— Jennifer Aung Thin, teacher and writer
© 2020 Canadian Geographic Education
SITEMAP  |
CONTACT  |
PRIVACY POLICY  |
FRANÇAIS