https://www.s-a-s.org/sas-privacy-policy/
SAS Privacy Policy
The Society for Applied Spectroscopy (SAS) respects your privacy and provides this Privacy Policy to identify the types of information we collect, how it is used, your rights with respect to that data; and how you may contact us regarding your data.
SAS may modify this policy at any time either by providing you email notification and/or via a notification on our home page.  For your information this policy was last updated on [insert].
Information We Collect and How We Use It
SAS is the sole owner of the information collected on s-a-s.org and affiliated sites.
SAS collects information at several different points on the Web site, via email, and via third parties. This includes (i) membership subscription information; (ii) placing an order; and (iii) manuscript or review submission.[1]  In processing membership subscription and publication/product orders, SAS collects the following types of information:
Name;
Billing and shipping address;
Telephone and fax number;
Email address;
Payment card information;
Professional information; and
Interests.
SAS may use your information for billing purposes, to fill the customer's order, to provide you with information on new products, services, or upcoming events, elections, etc. More and more SAS information is provided by email, so you may not receive notices on these subjects if you opt-out. If you wish not to receive email from SAS, you may contact us directly with your request at sasadmin@s-a-s.org.
SAS may also use your contact information to reach you through phone, mail or fax. Contact sasadmin@s-a-s.org or call 301-694-8122 if you wish to be removed from all contacts by these methods.
Contact information for SAS members is automatically included in the directory of members which is available to all SAS members when you agree to this privacy policy. By joining and/or renewing membership or making a purchase from the SAS website and checking the opt in option, you agree to allow us to collect and store this information until you inform us otherwise in writing.
By providing SAS with your contact information and/or becoming an SAS member you consent to our data use pursuant to the terms of this privacy policy.
Authors and reviewers for the journal Applied Spectroscopy may provide personal information in the process of submitting a manuscript or review, or when establishing reviewer expertise profiles. We do not distribute personally identifiable information except as is consistent with the scholarly publishing peer-review process (e.g., for the purpose of introducing a manuscript to an editorial review board).
In addition, any information that you elect to disclose through our online discussion forums is publicly accessible.
Information Collected by Automated Means
Information is collected through cookies, log files, link tracking, and/or third parties. Some of the collected information is tied to the user's personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user.
Cookies
SAS may use cookies to record session information such as items that visitors add to their shopping cart.
Log Files
Web site log files are used to store information such as: internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement within the site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. The log files are used by utility tracking software to analyze user movement.
Database download logs track which articles have been downloaded by which IP (for institutional subscriptions) or individual (for individual subscriptions). If downloads exceed a standard level, the individual or institution will receive a warning and service may be disconnected. This action is taken to ensure that the systems remain available to all subscribers. Individuals have access to a report that details the articles they have downloaded. Institutions have access to a report that details the articles downloaded by IP addresses at their institution.
Email Tracking
Link tracking is used within HTML-based emails to track which links have been clicked by the recipients. This tracking provides a means to measure the effectiveness of marketing campaigns.
Information Retention
SAS will retain personal information, customer and business information for as long as it is needed to provide services and/or products that you have requested; to communicate with you about a request you have made; to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, to demonstrate compliance, and to enforce SAS’ rights and agreements. Credit card information is not kept on file. Because we use the data we have collected for future marketing purposes, we do not delete contact information unless you specifically tell us to do so by contacting us in writing at sasadmin@s-a-s.org.
How We Share Your Personal Information
SAS may share your information with third parties in connection with the scholarly publishing peer-review process; with companies that provide services to help us with our business activities; in response to lawful requests from public authorities, including to meet national security, public interest or law enforcement requirements; or as may be necessary to protect third parties or SAS.
SAS will periodically offer and/or sell member contact information to organizations of an educational nature that would directly benefit the member. No contact information is ever provided or sold to any non-educational corporation with the exception of our member corporate sponsors.
Data Security
Safeguarding information you give to us or we receive about you is a priority for SAS. We take appropriate security measures to protect against loss, misuse and unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your information.  When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
SSL encryption software is used on forms requesting financial information. Full credit card numbers are not stored in our databases.
User information is restricted within the SAS offices. Staff, contractors, or volunteers who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. Servers that store personally identifiable information are in a locked facility.
Any information shared with third parties is subject to contractual obligations to ensure confidentiality and adequate security for such data.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes, or if a user no longer desires the services provided or wishes to restrict sharing or use of such data, contact SAS by email, telephone, or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Links
This Web site may contain links to non-SAS web sites. SAS is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by SAS-hosted and maintained web sites. We encourage you to be aware of the privacy practices of any non-SAS web site before disclosing any personally identifiable information on that site.
California Disclosures
Shine the Light Disclosures: Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  To do so, please contact us at the address below using the reference “Shine the Light Disclosure”.
Do Not Track Disclosures: Business and Professions Code Sections 22575(b) requires websites to disclose their practices with respect to the use of tracking technology by third parties and whether the site honors “web browser” do not track signals.  No third parties are able to collect personally identifiable information from this website.  At this time, SAS does not respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, please contact
SAS at:
Society for Applied Spectroscopy (SAS)
168 West Main Street
#300
New Market, MD 21774
301-694-8122 Ph
301-694-6860 Fax
email:  sasadmin@s-a-s.org.