http://www.beacon-dodsworth.co.uk/footer/legal/
Toggle navigation
Contact us
or call: 01904 701020
Tools
Consultancy
Clients
Industries
Home
Legal
Terms and Conditions
Beacon Dodsworth
By continuing to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Beacon Dodsworth’s relationship with you in relation to this website.
The terms ‘Beacon Dodsworth’, 'BD', ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Unit 5, Middlethorpe Business Park, Sim Balk Lane, Bishopthorpe, York. YO23 2BD.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website
The Royal Mail Cruciform (Data Suppliers) and Trade Marks of Royal Mail Group Ltd are reproduced by kind permission of Royal Mail Group Ltd. All rights reserved. No Trade Mark may be copied or reproduced in any way, without the further written permission of Royal Mail
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s)
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Scotland and Wales
MapVision.co.uk - Terms and Conditions of Use
The use of MapVision.co.uk is subject to the following:
Modification The content and operation of this website are subject to change without notice.
Cookies This website uses cookies to recognise you as an authorised user.
Disclaimers Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. We expressly exclude liability for any inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law. Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
Intellectual Property This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, appearance and graphics.
Availability We accept no liability for any disruption or non-availability of the website resulting from external causes including, but not limited to, ISP equipment failure, host equipment failure, communications network failure, power failure, natural events, acts of war or legal restrictions and censorship. Recommended browsers for MapVision: Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome, Firefox & Safari.
Law and jurisdiction Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Copyright All materials reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website. Maps downloaded from this web site must retain their copyright acknowledgements.
Unauthorised use Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
Unfair use We reserve the right to suspend a user’s account if we believe that their use is inappropriate or degrades the service to others.
Limitations 7 day free trial subscriptions are limited to 100 points and 100 tiles per import, and 30 miles or 30 minutes drive times. Free trial download images are watermarked. Paid for subscriptions are limited to 50,000 points and 10,000 tiles per import, and 100 miles or 120 minutes drive times. Paid for download images are free of watermarks. The maximum download image size is A3.
Free trial
Subscription
Maximum import points
100
50,000
Maximum import tiles
100
10,000
Maximum drive
30 miles/30 minutes
100 miles/120 minutes
Downloaded images
Watermarked
Watermark free
Maximum image size
A4
A3
These limits are subject to change but subscribed users will be notified in advance.
For full terms and conditions please refer to our Terms of Sale.
×
+44 (0)1904 701020
Contact Form
Check here if you want to receive marketing material from Beacon Dodsworth Ltd. (You can always change your mind later)
Close
Send
Beacon Dodsworth Ltd
5 Middlethorpe Business ParkSim Balk Lane BishopthorpeYorkYO23 2BD
+44 (0)1904 701020
info@beacon-dodsworth.co.uk
×
Sign up for our newsletter
Close
Send
We value your privacy and will keep your personal information confidential. It will only be used for communications about news, products and services provided by Beacon Dodsworth.
The Beacon Dodsworth site uses cookies to improve your user experience and to provide analysis of how our site is used.
Your continued use of this site is taken as implied consent to receive cookies from us and our analytics partners.
Close