http://www.foodsciencecentral.com/privacy-statement?hsLang=en-gb
Contact Us
FSTA - Trials and User Access
Close menu
FSTA
FSTA
FSTA User Training
Resources for Librarians
Journal Recommendation Service
Case Study
Advisory Board
Student Advisory Board
Research and Learning
Resources Hub
FSTA User Training
Effective literature searching
Getting published in journals
Blog: Research Skills
Content
Blog: Thought for Food
Escalex Limits Food Law News and Alerts
Meet the Food Law Experts
Whitepapers
Publications
IFIS
About IFIS
Our Purpose
Leadership and Trustees
Our Partners
IFIS News
FSTA - Trials and User Access
Arrange a trial for your organisation and discover why FSTA is the leading database for reliable information research on the sciences of food and health.
REQUEST A TRIAL
If you already have access to FSTA through your university or organisation, but aren't sure where or how to access it, we can help!
ASK ABOUT YOUR FSTA ACCESS
Privacy Statement
IFIS Home
Typography Page
At IFIS, we are committed to your right to privacy.
The following privacy statement applies to www.ifis.org and www.escalex.org, and it outlines how IFIS collects, uses, and safeguards personal information, including for:
Visitors to the IFIS website
Visitors to the IFIS website Users of our services, including free emails/e-newsletters/blog subscriptions and whitepaper/ebook/article downloads
Applicants for free trials
By using the IFIS and Escalex websites, you consent to the statements in the privacy statement.
1. Important information
1.1. Changes to the privacy statement
This privacy statement may be updated occasionally, and as such, we encourage you to periodically visit this page to review potential changes to ensure that you are aware of how we collect, use, and store personal information, where applicable. We have copies of previous privacy policies on file, should you wish to review in the future. Continued use of the website and provision of personal information is subject to the terms of the then-current privacy statement.
1.2 Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the privacy statement, please contact us at ifis@ifis.org or the relevant contact below:
Data Protection Champion
Rhianna Gamble, Head of Marketing
Data Controllers
Database Content: Jonathan Griffin, Managing Director and Head of Product Development
Finance: James Nash, Finance Manager
HR: Claire Peggs, HR and Admin Manager
Marketing: Rhianna Gamble, Head of Marketing
Sales: Carlos Gimeno, Head of Sales
2. Information we collect
2.1. When you visit our websites
You are able to explore the IFIS website without providing any information about yourself. When you carry out specific activities such as requesting product trials or pricing, downloading materials, or asking us to contact you, we request that you provide relevant personal information about yourself. We also collect navigational information about pages visited within www.ifis.org and www.escalex.org.
2.2. Personal information
Via online forms, you are prompted to enter various pieces of information in order to identify yourself. The data collected is strictly voluntary. However, not providing certain information may affect your ability to use our site and/or our ability to process any requests or orders you may place.
You may be asked to provide some or all of the following personal data, depending on the service:
First name
Last name
Company/University Name
Job Title/Occupation
Email
Phone Number
Personal information stored can also include content downloads, and information about you that is publicly available online, such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.
We do not gather information about paid transactions or financial information through the IFIS website or the Escalex website. Subscription information including financial is stored separately in Workbooks and Sage.
2.3. Navigational information
After visitors to www.ifis.org have completed a form and become a contact in our database, we receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. This refers to information about your computer and visits to www.ifis.org only, such as:
Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet
Geographical location
Browser type
Referral source
Length of visit
Date and time of visit
Pages viewed and searched for
2.4. Use of the email subscription service
We have used HubSpot to build webpages where visitors can learn more about IFIS, download content, request product trials and pricing, and provide their contact and demographic information.
This information is stored within the secure HubSpot system and we use it to contact visitors about their interest in our products and services, for marketing and lead generation purposes. In our agreement with HubSpot, HubSpot has no ownership over the information and cannot use the information for marketing or lead generation.
2.5. Children
The IFIS and Escalex websites are not intended for use by children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information about children under the age of 16. If you believe we have collected personal information about a child under the age of 16, please contact us at ifis@ifis.org so that we can investigate and delete if needed.
3. How we use the information we collect
3.1. Compliance with our privacy statement
We use the information we collect only in compliance with this privacy statement.
3.2. We never sell personal information
We will not under any circumstance sell, trade, or rent your personal information to a third party without your specific permission to do so.
3.3. Use of personal information
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this privacy statement, we may use your personal information to:
Allow you to purchase a product
Allow you to sign up for a free product trial
Request feedback from you
Improve the browsing experience through personalisation of the websites
Enable us to carry out internal analyses of customer types, customer and organisation locations, and organisation types
Send information to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other means
Send you marketing communications relating to our business, in accordance with your communication preferences and/or in our legitimate interest when not overridden by your data protection interests
If we collect and use your personal information under our legitimate interests, we will make it clear how the information was collected and what our legitimate interests are.
The information you provide or we obtain from you via the websites will be held primarily by IFIS.
3.4 Transfer of personal information outside of the EU
If you are based in one of the following countries and have submitted a product request such as a trial or pricing, we may transfer your personal data to our regional sales agent in order to process your request effectively. The sales agents are not allowed to use your data for any other purposes than to fulfil your request:
China: Eve Zhang
Japan: Reiko Ohsawa
Where you have explicitly requested information about a trial or pricing of FSTA, we will share the necessary personal data with the third party vendor of the platform, based on your request. The partner is not allowed to use the data for any other purposes than to fulfil your request, and they are required to safeguard your personal information. These partners include Clarivate Analytics (Web of Science), EBSCO (EBSCOhost), Proquest (ProQuest Dialog), STN and Wolters Kluwer (Ovid).
Where you have explicitly requested a trial or subscription to Escalex, we will share the necessary personal data with our product partner, Molecular Connections, who run the Escalex platform, and manage customer and trial access. Molecular Connections are registered and based in Bangalore, India. Molecular Connections is not allowed to use the data for any other purposes than to fulfil your request, and they are required to safeguard your personal information.
Please contact us at ifis@ifis.org if you have any questions about processes and/or data security, and we will be happy to share more details.
3.5. Use of navigational information
We use navigational information to operate and improve the IFIS website, based on visitor behaviour and needs. We may also use this information to provide you with personalised information.
3.6. Customer testimonials and comments
We post customer testimonials and comments on the IFIS website, which may contain their name and institution. We obtain each customer's consent via email prior to posting this information.
3.7. Blog
We offer a publicly accessible comment facility on our blog posts. Please bear in mind that any information you disclose on this facility may be collected and used by others.
3.8. Security of your personal information
Your personal information is stored on HubSpot's service providers' servers, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For more information about HubSpot's privacy statement and security, please go to www.hubspot.com/legal/privacy-policy and www.hubspot.com/security.
3.9. Social media features
Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook 'Like' button and 'Share This' button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features are hosted directly on our website, and this privacy statement does not apply to these features. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement and other policies of the companies providing them.
3.10. External websites
Our website provides links to other websites, which we believe may be of interest to visitors to www.ifis.org. Our provision of external links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices.
Our privacy statement applies solely to information collected by IFIS via our website. This privacy statement does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to their own privacy and other policies.
3.11. Retention of personal information
The length of time for which we retain personal information varies depending on the type of information.
We retain personal information that you provide us as long as we have a legitimate business reason to do so, such as to contact you about our products and to comply with legal obligations. For example, we retain transaction data for six years, plus the current year, which is a legal requirement.
When we no longer have a legitimate business reason to retain your personal data, we securely delete or anonymise the information.
Please contact us at ifis@ifis.org if you wish to request your information to be deleted from our servers. See Section 5 for more details.
If you have opted in to receive marketing communications from us (such as blog and product updates), we retain your personal information and marketing preferences for two years from when you last expressed interest in our products and services; such as when you last opened an email from us or viewed a webpage.
3.12. Compelled disclosure
We reserve the right to use or disclose your personal information if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or to comply with a law, court order, or legal process.
4. Navigational Information
4.1. Cookies
Like many other commercial websites, we use cookies. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Only the website where the cookie was setup can read the cookie.
Cookies enable our website to recognise personally identifiable information you have voluntarily given us. This may be used to present you with custom web pages, or to save you time; for example, if you download a whitepaper, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. When you return to www.ifis.org, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, saving you time.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies, if you prefer.
4.2. Clear gifs (web beacons/web bugs)
We employ a software technology called clear gifs, that help us better manage www.ifis.org by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages or in emails and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.
We use clear gifs in HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. We tie the information gathered by clear gifs in emails to our customers' personal information.
If you would like to opt-out of these emails, please use the 'unsubscribe' functionality on the bottom of our emails, or contact ifis@ifis.org with your request.
5. How to access and control your personal information
5.1. Reviewing, correcting, and removing your personal information
If you provide us with your personal information, you have the following rights with respect to that information:
To review the information that you have supplied to us
To request that we correct any errors, outdated information, or omissions in information that you have supplied to us
To request that your information not be used to contact you
To request that your information be removed from any solicitation list that we use
To request that your information be deleted from our records
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at ifis@ifis.org or by mail to IFIS, The Granary, Bridge Farm, Reading Road, Arborfield, Reading, Berkshire, UK, RG2 9HT, Attention: Privacy. We will promptly change, correct, or delete your information, and notify you of the action we have taken.
5.2. To unsubscribe from our communications
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by:
Clicking on the 'unsubscribe' link located on the bottom of our emails
Sending us an email at ifis@ifis.org
Sending us postal mail to IFIS, The Granary, Bridge Farm, Reading Road, Arborfield, Reading, Berkshire, UK, RG2 9HT, Attention: Privacy
Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with us or third-party vendors.
Related Links
Disclaimer
About IFIS
Contact Us
Vacancies
Privacy policy
Diversity Statement
FSTA
Research Skills Hub
JRS
Publications
Ground Floor, 115 Wharfedale Road, Winnersh Triangle, Wokingham, BerkshireRG41 5RB
Get in touch
© International Food Information Service (IFIS Publishing) operating as IFIS – All Rights Reserved     |     Charity Reg. No. 1068176     |     Limited Company No. 3507902     |     Designed by Blend