http://www.rpeptide.com/ordering/terms-conditions
We understand these are trying times and we are here to help keep your research moving forward.As we closely monitor the situation at hand, rPeptide will remain fully operational and continue to practice all safety protocol while taking precautionary measures to ensure there are no interruptions to your research. From our catalog products to our laboratory services, please let us know how we can assist with your research needs.
Terms & Conditions
ORDER ONLINE  •  CALL 866.753.0747  •  FAX
678.753.0746
OrderingOverviewOrder OnlineInternational DistributorsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy
Ordering>Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use
Please Read Carefully Before Using This Website:
rPeptide, LLC maintains this site for information and communication purposes. This webpage contains the Terms of Use governing your access to and use of the rPeptide.com (the “Website” or “Site”). If you do not accept these Terms of Use or you do not meet or comply with their provisions, you may not use the Website.
Terms and Conditions are subject to change at any time without notice.
rPeptide LLC may terminate user accounts in violation of Terms and Conditions at rPeptide LLC’s sole discretion.
1. User E-Mail
E-mail submissions over the Internet may not be secure and are subject to the risk of interception by third parties. Please consider this fact before e-mailing any information. Also, please consult our Privacy Policy. rPeptide, LLC shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding any information or materials that you submit online except as specified in these Terms of Use, or as otherwise specifically agreed or required by law.
2. Copyrights and Trademarks
The materials at this Site, as well as the organization and layout of this site, are copyrighted and are protected by United States and international copyright laws and treaty provisions. You may access, download and print materials on this Website solely for your personal and non-commercial use; however, any print out of this Site, or portions of the Site, must include rPeptide LLC’s copyright notice. No right, title or interest in any of the materials contained on this Site is transferred to you as a result of accessing, downloading or printing such materials. You may not copy, modify, distribute, transmit, display, reproduce, publish, license any part of this Site; create derivative works from, link to or frame in another website, use on any other website, transfer or sell any information obtained from this Site without the prior written permission of rPeptide, LLC.
3. Links
For your convenience, we may provide links to various other Websites that may be of interest to you and for your convenience only.
However, rPeptide, LLC does not control or endorse such Websites and is not responsible for their content nor is it responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice, or statements contained within such Websites. Please read the terms and conditions or terms of use policies of any other company or website you may link to from our website. These Terms of Use policy applies only to rPeptide, LLC’s website and the products and services rPeptide, LLC offers.
If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Website, you do so at your own risk. rPeptide, LLC reserves the right to terminate any link or linking program at any time. rPeptide, LLC disclaims all warranties, express and implied, as to the accuracy, validity, and legality or otherwise of any materials or information contained on such sites.
4.
No Warranties
rPeptide, LLC does not warrant that the functions contained in the service provided by the Website will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected or that this service or the server that makes it available will be free of viruses or other harmful components.
5. Governing Law
These Terms of Use shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Georgia USA, without reference to its choice of law rules. If an applicable law is in conflict with any part of the Terms of Use, the Terms of Use will be deemed modified to conform to the law. The other provisions will not be affected by any such modification.
6. Pricing
Products and prices are subject to change without notice.
7. Shipping
Orders within the continental US ship by FedEx Standard Overnight where available. International orders ship FedEx International Priority. Actual delivery times depend on FedEx and recipient’s location. Shipping costs will be prepaid and included on your invoice. To ensure stability of our products, we reserve the right to ship on dry ice as needed, which could increase shipping cost. rPeptide, LLC is not responsible for any damage sustained during shipping.
8. Payment Term
Net 30 days with approved credit.
9. Returns
Customer will notify rPeptide, LLC in writing of any claims for damages, defects, or shortages as soon as possible. If rPeptide LLC is not notified within 3 business days of receipt, the products will be deemed acceptable to the customer. Any return needs a written authorization from rPeptide, LLC. All returns are subject to a 25% restocking charge.
10. Product Warranty
rPeptide, LLC warrants materials to be of the stated quality at the time of sale. The buyer assumes all responsibility for the use and handling of the product and any liability for consequential, special, indirect or incidental damages resulting therefrom. rPeptide makes no express or implied warranties that the use of the products will not infringe any patent, copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights.
11. Product Usage
All products listed are for “Research Use Only” and are not intended for use in humans or animals. By purchasing products from rPeptide, LLC you agree to follow proper handling and disposal guidelines. MSDS is available upon request.
Products may not be resold without express written permission from rPeptide, LLC.
The information available on the Website is intended to be a general information resource regarding the matters covered, and is not tailored to your specific circumstance. You should not construe this as legal, accounting or other professional advice.
Contact us: If you would like to request additional information regarding these Terms of Use, please contact us at sales@rpeptide.com