http://www.laser2000.co.uk/privacy-policy
Search:
Click here to close
Register / Log In
0
0 item(s)
Markets
Aerospace, Security, and Defence
Education & Scientific Research
Energy & Marine
IT, Telecoms, & Datacom
Life Science, Medical, and Healthcare
Manufacturing, Integration, and Industrial
Applications
Active Spectroscopy and Imaging
Cold Atoms
Confocal Microscopy
DNA Sequencing
Fibre Optic Sensing
Flow Cytometry and Cell Sorting
Fluorescence Microscopy
Gas Spectroscopy
Holography
Interferometry
IPL and Laser Treatments
LIDAR
Materials Processing
Optical Tweezers
Optogenetics
Pharmaceutical Cleaning Validation
Pulse Shaping & Ultrashort Pulse
Raman Spectroscopy and Raman Imaging
Ruggedised Communications
Super-resolution Microscopy
Two-photon Microscopy (Multiphoton)
Networks - Attenuation Profile Testing
Networks - Amplification
Networks - Chromatic Dispersion
Networks - Connector Hygiene
Networks - Couplers
Networks - Lab and Field Testing
Networks - Network and Application Monitoring
Networks - Optical Return Loss Testing
Networks - Polarisation Mode Dispersion
Networks - Transceivers
Networks - Voice and Data Testing
Networks - Wavelength Multiplexing (WDM)
Products
Telecoms & Networks
Optical Fibre - Install & Test
Lasers
LED Light Sources
Laser Test & Measurement
Laser Safety
Laser Accessories
Optics & Optomechanics
Stages & Positioners
Spectroscopy
Microscopy & Imaging
Mid-IR
Company
About Us
Delivery
Events
Careers
Quality
Suppliers
Latest News & Blogs
Contact Laser 2000
Custom Build
Resources
Semrock SearchLight
White Papers
Laser Safety
Glossary
Click here to close
Menu
Privacy Policy
For us, privacy isn't just a word but the right of each individual
Laser 2000 (UK) Ltd takes your privacy rights very seriously.
This Privacy Notice is intended to set out your rights and answer any queries you may have about your personal data. If you need more information, please contact: QCM@laser2000.co.uk
At Laser 2000 we are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain personal information when using our website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
If you have entered into a contract with us or given any additional consent, the controller of your data will be Laser 2000 (UK) Ltd.
Our personal information handling policy and procedures have been developed in line with the requirements of the 1995 European Union Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC) and the General Data Protection Regulation (in force from 25 May 2018) and applicable national law.
This policy is effective from 11. Dec 2019.
1. What information do we collect?
We collect and process personal data about you when you interact with us and our products and when you purchase goods and services from us. The personal data we process includes:
your name;
your username and password;
your home or work address, email address and/or phone number;
your job title;
your payment and delivery details, including billing and delivery addresses and credit card details, where you make purchases from us;
information related to the browser or device you use to access our website (e.g. IP address, cookies);
and/or any other information you provide
2. How do we use this information and what is the legal basis for this use?
We process the personal data listed in paragraph 1 above for the following purposes:
as required to establish and fulfil a contract with you, for example, if you make a purchase from us. This may include verifying your identity, taking payments, communicating with you, providing customer services and arranging the delivery or other provision of products or services. We require this information to enter into a contract with you and are unable to do so without it;
to comply with applicable law and regulation;
in accordance with our legitimate interests in protecting Laser 2000 (UK) Ltd.’s legitimate business interests and legal rights, including but not limited to, use in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation);
with your express consent to respond to any comments or complaints we may receive from you, and/or in accordance with our legitimate interests including to investigate any complaints received from you or from others, about our website or our products or services;
we may use information you provide to personalise our communications to you; our website; and products or services for you, in accordance with our legitimate interests;
to monitor use of our websites and online services. We may use your information to help us check, improve and protect our products, content, services and websites, both online and offline, in accordance with our legitimate interests;
if you provide a credit or debit card, we may also use third parties (such as POS payment providers) to check the validity of the sort code, account number and card number you submit to prevent fraud, in accordance with our legitimate interests and those of third parties;
we may monitor any customer account to prevent, investigate and/or report fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime, in accordance with applicable law and our legitimate interests;
we may use your information to invite you to take part in market research or surveys.
We may also send you direct marketing in relation to relevant products and services. Electronic direct marketing will only be sent where you have given your consent to receive it, or (where this is allowed) you have been given an opportunity to opt-out. You will continue to be able to opt-out of electronic direct marketing at any time by following the instructions in the relevant communication.
3. With whom and where will we share your personal data?
We may share your personal data with the below third parties:
our professional advisors such as our auditors and external legal and financial advisors;
our suppliers and business partners (for the purposes of contract fulfilling)
search engine and web analytics
if you are based outside of the United Kingdom & Ireland, we may forward your details on to one of our sister Laser 2000 companies which cover your area, or the supplier of the product you are interested in.
Personal data may be shared with government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if required for the purposes above, if mandated by law or if needed for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws. Personal data may also be shared with third party service providers who will process it on behalf of Laser 2000 (UK) Ltd for the purposes above. Such third parties include, but are not limited to, providers of website hosting, maintenance, and identity checking.
If our business or any part of it is sold or integrated with another business, your details will be disclosed to our advisers and those of any prospective purchaser and will be passed to the new owners of the business.
4. How long will you keep my personal data?
We will not keep your personal information for any purpose for longer than is necessary and will only retain the personal information that is necessary in relation to the purpose. We are also required to retain certain information as required by law or for as long as is reasonably necessary to meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions.
Where you are a customer, we will keep your information for the length of any contractual relationship you have with us and after that for a minimum period of 10 years in line with our Product Warranty lifecycle.
Where you are a prospective customer and you have expressly consented to us contacting you, we will only retain your data until you unsubscribe from our communications; or, if you have not unsubscribed, while you interact with us and our content.
For website user activity data, the retention period is a minimum of 50 months.
In the case of any contact you may have with our customer services team, we will retain those details for as long as is necessary to resolve your query.
We will retain your data for a short time beyond the specified retention period, to allow for information to be reviewed and any deletion to take place. In some instances, laws may require Laser 2000 (UK) Ltd to hold certain information for specific periods other than those listed above.
5. Where is my data stored?
The personal data that we collect from you is stored in the UK and Republic of Ireland only.
6. Is my data secure?
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
7. What are my rights in relation to my personal data?
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data, clicking the unsubscribe button on any communication we have sent to you or by contacting us.
Where you have consented to us using your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
If the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you can notify us and ask us to correct or supplement it.
You also have the right, with some exceptions and qualifications, to ask us to provide a copy of any personal data we hold about you.
If you have a complaint about how we have handled your personal data, you may be able to ask us to restrict how we use your personal data while your complaint is resolved. In some circumstances you can ask us to erase your personal data by withdrawing your consent for us to use it; if it is no longer necessary for us to use your personal data; if you object to the use of your personal data and we don't have a good reason to continue to use it; or if we haven't handled your personal data in accordance with our obligations.
8. Where can I find more information about Laser 2000 (UK) Ltd's handling of my data?
Should you have any queries regarding this Privacy Notice, about our processing of your personal data or wish to exercise your rights you can contact us using email address: QCM@laser2000.co.uk or please write to Laser 2000 (UK) Ltd, Unit 9, Avro Court, Ermine Business Park, Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, PE29 6XS, United Kingdom. If you are not happy with our response, you can contact the Information Commissioner's Office: https://ico.org.uk/
You may request details of personal information that we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A fee of £10 will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Laser 2000 (UK) Ltd, Unit 9, Avro Court, Ermine Business Park, Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, PE29 6XS, United Kingdom.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Please get in touch with us, should you have any questions in regards to our Privacy Policy or download here.
Whitepaper
View more
Whitepaper
3D Mapping of Neural Circuits In Vivo Opens the Window on Neurological Disease
Modifications with SLMs to existing two-photon microscopes can provide noninvasive probes deep...
Read more
A small selection of companies that trust us:
Get in touch