http://www.paulmckenna.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Thin
Sleep
Confidence
Hypnotic Gastric Band
Ultimate Golf Success
McKenna Made LLC, McKenna Holdings LLC and Paul McKenna Online LLC
Privacy Statement
Paul McKenna respects your privacy and your rights to control your personal data. Our principle guidelines are straightforward. We will
be clear about the data we collect about you and why. Your data is sacredly protected by us. We have never, do not and will not sell your
data to third parties.
The prime purpose of collecting your data is to improve your Paul McKenna experiences. Whether we're collaborating with health consultant
industry professionals to ensure you have access our products, providing you with industry insight or offering highly responsive customer
support when something goes wrong, our aim is for you to use Paul McKenna products and services as effortlessly as possible.
This Privacy Statement (the 'Statement') explains the personal information we collect from you, either directly or indirectly, and how
we will use it. Personal information is any information that can be used to identify you or that we can link to you. The Statement also
elaborates on the choices you can make about the data we collect, and how you can control these decisions. It applies to all products
offered by McKenna Made LLC, McKenna Holdings LLC and Paul McKenna Online LLC (collectively referred to as 'McKenna’ and ‘McKenna Product(s)'),
including our Paul McKenna app ('Paul McKenna app' or 'app'). It also applies to any McKenna-controlled websites, as well as other offline
interactions, such as visiting a McKenna office, attending a store selling Paul McKenna products or attending a Paul McKenna
event (collectively referred to as, 'Services'). Please read this Statement carefully to understand how Paul McKenna may collect,
use and share your personal information. The terms 'we', 'us', or 'McKenna' are each intended as reference to Paul McKenna.
The Types of Personal Information We Collect
Information you provide to us
We collect information you voluntarily provide to us, such as your name, phone number and email address; for instance, when you want to learn more
about McKenna Products and Services or when you contact us for assistance with your McKenna Products.
Information we collect automatically
We automatically collect information about you, such as Functional Data and Additional Usage Data this regards your use of your McKenna
Product or information collected by cookies and similar technologies when you use, access or interact with us via our website or app. We
may, for example, collect information about the type of device you use to access our websites, the operating system and version, your IP
address, your general geographic location, as indicated by your IP address, your browser type, the webpages you view on our websites,
whether you interact with content available on our websites and how.
Information obtained from other sources
We may receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, such as industry health partners and partners with
whom we offer co-branded services or engage in joint-marketing activities. We may also receive information about you from social media
platforms, for instance, when you interact with us on those platforms or use them to sign into our apps. We protect data obtained from
third parties according to the practices described in this Statement and we also apply any additional restrictions imposed by the source of data.
Information of children
McKenna does not target and is not intended to attract children under the age of sixteen. Although visitors of all ages may navigate
through our websites or use our app, we do not knowingly collect or request personal information from those under the age of sixteen
without parental consent. If, following a notification from a parent, guardian or discovery by other means, a child under sixteen has
been improperly registered on our site by using false information, we will cancel the child's account and delete the child's personal
information from our records.
Customer Interactions with McKenna
To make the information in this Statement easy to understand, we have highlighted different occasions when McKenna could potentially
collect personal information from customers. The customer interactions with McKenna are broken down into the following segments:
Learning about McKenna
As you gather more information about McKenna, you may virtually or physically visit a site that we own. Examples include browsing our website,
calling our in-house sales representatives, physically visiting stores that stock McKenna products or attending McKenna-sponsored events. To
learn more about McKenna Products, you may voluntarily provide personal information, such as your name and email address during these interactions.
We may also collect information about you online via cookies or similar technologies when you visit our websites.
We collect: name, gender, source of sign up, downloads site, HTML/Non HTML preferences, source of sign up, date joined,
email address, IP address, and information provided by cookies or similar technology.
Why: We use this information to share news about events and products offered by McKenna. Additionally, the IP address
helps us to understand geographic information about our website visitors better, so that we can improve our website and app for everyone.
It is our legitimate interest to process your personal data for these purposes.
Buying McKenna Products
Once you have decided to buy a McKenna Product, we offer a way for customers to buy through third party sellers that are listed on our
site at www.paulmckenna.com/. As we do not sell McKenna products directly from our site, you won’t
ever be asked for any payment information
from our site. Some of our apps require payments that are undertaken by third party providers.
For example, in-app purchases are done by
third party providers such as Google and Apple.
We collect: your name and email address.
McKenna respect your privacy and your rights to control your personal data. Our principle guidelines are straightforward. We will
be clear about the data we collect about you and why. Your data is sacredly protected by us. We have no, do not and will not
sell your data to third parties.
We use this information to help you with your transaction, carry out any follow up with you about your purchase, help with any delivery
issues, handle returns, and other issues related to the purchase of McKenna Products. Processing your personal data for this purpose is
necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you. Please note, we do not store any payment or credit card information. We do not
ask for any payment information in connection with the purchase of McKenna Products from the website.
Registering your McKenna App
Once you receive your McKenna Products, you will be required to submit the following; name, email address and gender. Some McKenna Products
needs to be connected to the internet for set-up. As part of the initial set-up, you will be asked to download the McKenna app from a
third-party website, such as the Chrome Web Store. The McKenna apps offer health based consultancy services. During the set-up process,
the McKenna app will ask you to set up an account and register with McKenna. You must register with McKenna in order for your products to work.
As part of registration, you will need to set up a McKenna account. We collect your password to your McKenna account which is only used for
authentication and McKenna account access.
We collect: your name, email address, gender, date joined, HTML/Non HTML preferences, any changes made to the above information.
Why: We collect this information to help get your McKenna Product working securely (which helps prevent unauthorised access
to your McKenna Products) and to make sure that we enable you to select the right service options based on your geographic
location (e.g. products available in your country, or products you offer to other countries). This processing is necessary for the
performance of the contract we have with you. We also use your email to send you McKenna-related notifications, such as promotional
messages, software updates, information about McKenna Products and/or Services, and to share exciting McKenna news and Product offerings. It
is our legitimate interest to process your personal data for these purposes.
Using McKenna Products
There are three main reasons we collect information from your McKenna Products: (1) to offer you health and lifestyle consultancy
services (e.g recommendations)
which is necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you, (2) to offer you control over your
McKenna product which is necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you, and (3) to make your McKenna Products better over
time which is our legitimate interest.
Using McKenna Products involves submitting the aforementioned data.
You can also use social media profiles to link to McKenna apps. The
addition of any of these services requires you to link your social media profile to your McKenna apps. Once you have started using Paul
McKenna Products, the data we receive is dependent on your preferences.
Functional Data:
This data is absolutely necessary for your McKenna Product to perform its basic functions in a secure way and you will not be able to opt
out from this data collection, sharing and/or processing if you want to continue to use your McKenna Products.
We collect:
Registration data. This data includes your email address, gender, date joined, name, source of sign up, downloads site, HTML/Non HTML preferences.
Service data. The service data we require will be specific to the service you are purchasing from McKenna. This includes push notifications.
Why we collect Functional Data: We collect this information to help ensure that your Products are working properly,
to provide you with customer support, to honour your app preferences, and to guide product improvement and customer support decisions. We
also collect this information to guide product improvement and customer support decisions which is our legitimate interest.
Additional Usage Data
In order to improve your experience with McKenna Products and to offer better McKenna Products and Services that meet the needs and
expectations of our customers, we collect the following Additional Usage Data. You can opt out of sharing this data by emailing info@McKenna.co.uk
We collect:
Performance Information. This includes things like, how often you use McKenna’s services and McKenna’s app, information about how often you use
the McKenna app, flow of interactions within the McKenna app and the duration of McKenna Product use.
Why: We collect this information so that we can ensure McKenna Products are functioning properly, determine what types of
Product or feature improvements would please our customers most and to help predict potential problems with McKenna Products. Collecting
this data is our legitimate interest to help you with issues you may experience. It is your choice if you want us to collect this
information and therefore you can opt out of sharing this data by emailing info@McKenna.co.uk.
Getting Help from McKenna
From time to time, you may decide to contact us for assistance with your McKenna Products. To be able to offer you the best service possible, we
may collect certain data from you or your McKenna Products.
We collect: This may include contact information, such as your name, email address, phone number, social media
identifiers (if you contact us using a social media channel), and the content of your chats and other communications with
McKenna (including voice recording if you phone). In certain situations, it is useful for the team to have a 'Diagnostic' of
your McKenna app. This is essentially a technical system snapshot of all relevant information leading up to the incident and
includes information such as the ecommerce store being used, Product configuration, error codes, device information (e.g. the
operating system, and version of the McKenna app being used). Collecting the above described information is necessary to provide
customer support. You will be informed in advance before we make a snapshot. We do not capture snapshots without telling you first. If
you are a Beta tester, we take a daily diagnostic of your McKenna app automatically (as per the terms of the Beta tester agreement).
Why: We collect this information to give you the best and most efficient customer support possible. For instance,
for customer inquiries and technical questions, we use contact information to respond to the customer in their preferred
channel (phone, email, social). For technical problems, we use system diagnostic data to effectively troubleshoot the issue. For
product returns and/or exchanges, we use contact information to ensure successful product receipt and/or delivery. Using these types
of data is necessary to fulfil the agreement we have with you.
How We Use Personal Information
McKenna uses the data we collect to provide you with the Products and Services we offer, which includes using data to improve and
personalise your experiences. We also use the data to communicate with you, for example, informing you about your account, new products
or services available, security and other types of updates.
McKenna uses the data for the following purposes:
Providing our Product Experience
Customer Support
Product Improvement
Security, Safety, and Dispute Resolution
Business Operations
Communication, Marketing and Advertising
Providing our Product Experience
We use data to provide, operate, support and improve the McKenna Products and Services we offer to ensure our customers can use our
Products as effortlessly as possible. This processing is necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you.
Customer Support
We use data to respond to customer enquiries, diagnose Product problems, repair customers' McKenna Products and provide other
customer care and support services. This processing is necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you, as
well as to serve our legitimate interest.
Product Improvement
We continually use data for research purposes and to develop and improve our McKenna Products and Services, including maintaining and
improving the performance of our McKenna Products and Services, developing and adding new features or capabilities, such as using
error reports to improve security features, using search queries and clicks to improve the relevance of search results and using
usage data to determine what new features to prioritise. This processing is necessary to serve our legitimate interest.
Security, Safety and Dispute Resolution
We use data to protect the security and safety of our McKenna Products and our customers, to detect and prevent fraud, to resolve
disputes and enforce our agreements. This processing is necessary to serve our legitimate interest.
Business Operations
We use data to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions, and
report on the performance of our business. This processing is necessary to serve our legitimate interest.
Communication, Marketing and Advertising
We use the data we collect to deliver and personalise our communications with you. For example, we may contact you by email or other means
of electronic communication (including through the McKenna app) to inform you about new McKenna Products or Services, new health based
consulting services available in your area, security or software updates, update you on a support issue, invite you to take part in a
survey. This processing is necessary to serve our legitimate interest. We also use cookies and similar technologies	to provide the most
relevant McKenna advertising to you. For information about managing email subscriptions and promotional communications, please
email info@McKenna.co.uk.
To give you a better understanding of the personal information we collect and use in different occasions you may interact
with McKenna, please see the sections below.
How We May Share Personal Information
McKenna does not and will not sell personal information about our customers. We only disclose your data as described in this Statement. We
may share information with the following types of third parties.
Third Party Vendors
McKenna uses a variety of third-party vendors to carry out services like website management and hosting, online Product purchases and shipping,
app downloading and email communications. We only share your personal data as necessary. To complete a transaction, provide a Product or
Service you have requested or authorised and only with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this Statement.
In this case, your personal information will be shared with these agents or contractors but only for the purpose of performing services on
behalf of McKenna and in accordance with this Statement. It is our legitimate interest to process your personal data for these purposes. For
questions about third-party vendors, please send an email to support@mckenna.com.
McKenna-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries
We share information with McKenna-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries for business purposes, such as, internal administration,
promoting McKenna Products and providing customers with our McKenna Products and Services. It is our legitimate interest to process your
personal data for these purposes.
Compelled Disclosure
When legally required, strictly necessary for the performance of the services or to protect our rights, or the rights of our affiliates or
users, we disclose your personal information to law enforcement authorities, investigative organisations, our affiliates or in legal proceedings.
Sale or Merger
We may share your personal information in the event of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets. Of course, we shall
notify you via email and/or a prominent notice on our website and inform you of your rights.
Sharing and Disclosure of Aggregate Data
We share data in aggregate form and/or in a form which does not enable the recipient of such data to identify you, with
third parties, for example, for industry analysis.
Please note, our Products include links to Products or applications of third parties whose privacy practices may differ from McKenna.
If you provide personal data to any of those third parties or their products, your data is governed by their privacy statements, and we
encourage you to read these privacy statements carefully.
When sharing data with third parties, your personal information may be transferred to countries where data protection laws may provide a lower
standard of protection for your personal information than your country. We take great care in protecting your personal information and have put
in place adequate mechanisms to protect it when it is transferred internationally. We will transfer your personal information in compliance with
applicable data protection laws and will implement suitable safeguards to ensure that your personal information is adequately secured by any third
party that will access your information (for instance, by using the Standard Contractual Clauses as approved by the European Commission). If you
have questions or wish to obtain more information about the international transfer of your personal information or the implemented safeguards,
please send us an email to support@mckenna.com.
The Legal Bases for Using Personal Information
There are different legal bases that we rely on to use your personal information, namely:
Performance of a contract
The use of your personal information may be necessary to perform the agreement you have with us. For example, to complete your
purchase of your McKenna Product, to register and maintain your account, and to make sure that your McKenna Product performs its
basic functions in a secure way or to respond to your requests.
Legitimate interests
We may use your personal information for our legitimate interests. For example, we rely on our legitimate interest to analyse and improve
our McKenna Products and Services and the content on our websites and app, to send you notifications about software updates or information
about McKenna Products and Services or to use your personal information for administrative, fraud detection or legal purposes.
Where we process your personal information based on our legitimate interest and no opt-out mechanism is available to you (e.g. in your McKenna
Product settings), you may exercise your right to object by sending an email to support@mckenna.com.
Security, Storage and Retention of Personal Information We Collect
Security
McKenna is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. However, while we take reasonable precautions to guard the
personal information we collect, no security system is impenetrable.
While no Service is completely secure, McKenna takes precautionary measures to help prevent information about you from loss, theft, misuse and
unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have
limited access and that are in controlled facilities. We also ensure that our third-party data centre vendors provide adequate security
measures. Additionally, your data is protected with encryption, such as Transport Layer Security (TLS), during transition over the Internet.
You should always log out and close your browser when you finish your session. If you have any questions about the security of your personal
information, you can contact us at support@mckenna.com.
Storage
Personal data collected by McKenna may be stored and processed in your region, in the UK, or in any other country where McKenna or its affiliates,
subsidiaries or service providers are located or maintain facilities. McKenna has put in place adequate mechanisms to protect personal
information when it is transferred internationally, for example by using the Standard Contractual Clauses as approved by the European Commission.
Retention
McKenna will retain your personal information for as long as we deem it necessary to enable you to use the website and your McKenna Product, to
provide services to you, to comply with applicable laws (including those regarding document retention), resolve disputes with any parties and
otherwise as necessary to allow us to conduct our business. All personal information we retain will be subject to this Privacy Statement and our
internal retention guidelines. If you have a question about a specific retention period for certain types of personal information we process
about you, please send an email to support@mckenna.com.
Your Rights and Choices
Your Rights
We want you to be in control of how your personal information is used by us. Subject to local law, you can do this in the following ways:
you can ask us for a copy of the personal information we hold about you;
you can inform us of any changes to your personal information, or if you want us to correct any of the personal information we hold about you;
in certain situations, you can ask us to erase, block or restrict the personal information we hold about you, or object to particular ways
in which we are using your personal information; and
in certain situations, you can also ask us to send the personal information you have given us to a third party.
Where we are using your personal information on the basis of your consent, you are entitled to withdraw that consent at any time. Moreover,
where we process your personal information based on legitimate interest or the public interest, you have the right to object at any time
to that use of your personal information.
We rely on you to ensure that your personal information is complete, accurate and up to date. Please do inform us promptly of any
changes to or inaccuracies in your personal information by contacting support@mckenna.com.
We will respond to your request as soon as possible but certainly within 30 days. For more information about how you can control
the collection and use of Additional Usage Data and your Communication, Marketing and Advertising Preferences, please visit Your
Choices sections below.
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern you may have about our use of your
personal information. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you may have
the right to file a complaint with the data protection authority in your country (if one exists in your country) or supervisory authority.
Your Choices
McKenna Account and McKenna App
If you wish to access, edit or remove profile information, close your account or request deletion of your personal data, you can do so by
logging in to your McKenna account or McKenna app or sending an email to support@mckenna.com. If you cannot access certain personal
information collected by McKenna, via the McKenna account, the McKenna app or directly via the McKenna Product you use, you can always
contact us by sending an email to support@mckenna.com. We will respond to any request to access or delete your personal data as soon as
possible, certainly within 30 days.
Your Communication, Marketing and Advertising Preferences
You can opt out of receiving direct marketing communications from McKenna by following the instructions included in every email
sent to you via the “Unsubscribe” tab. You can also opt out of email subscriptions or in-app messaging by updating your Profile
and Contact Options in your McKenna account. We respect your choice, and we will stop sending you promotional emails once you unsubscribe.
Please note, regardless of your communication settings, we will continue to communicate with you regarding changes to terms and conditions,
policy updates, McKenna Product software updates, routine customer service messages such as information about current or past purchase,
delivery of products, service interruptions, data breaches or other significant information about a Product you own, such as discontinuation
of support or safety issues.
You can adjust the amount of interest based advertising you may receive by changing your cookie settings and opting out of certain advertising
networks. If you have opted out of receiving emails from us, we will not use your email for interest-based advertising activities.
Our Use of Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, tags, web beacons, and other identifiers to help us personalise our website for you,
remember your preferences, understand how users are using our website or app, and help customise our marketing offerings.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the
website again, the cookie allows that site to recognise your browser. The length of time a cookie will stay on your computer or mobile
device depends on whether it is a "persistent" or "session" cookie. McKenna uses both types of cookies. Session cookies will only stay on
your device until you stop browsing. Persistent cookies stay on your computer or mobile device until they expire or are deleted. We use the
following types of cookies on our website.
Strictly necessary cookies. These cookies are essential for you to browse our website and use its features. Without these cookies,
services like shopping baskets cannot be provided.
Performance cookies. These cookies collect information about how you use our websites. This data may be used to help optimise our
website and make it easier for you to navigate.
Functional cookies. These cookies allow our websites to remember choices you make while browsing and personalise your experience.
We may store your geographic location in a cookie for instance, to ensure that we show you the website relevant to your area.
Third Party cookies. Third party cookies are those placed by websites and/or parties other than McKenna. These cookies may be used
on our website to improve our products or services or to help us provide more relevant advertising. These cookies are subject to the
respective privacy policies for these external services, for example, Facebook Data Use Policy.
Analytics cookies. We use analytics cookies, like those offered by Google Analytics, to help us understand things like how long a
visitor stays on our website, what pages they find most useful, and how they arrived at McKenna.com. To learn more about Google
Analytics and your data, visit this Google webpage.
How to control Cookie settings
Most web browsers allow you to control cookies through their settings preferences. However, if you limit the ability of websites to set
cookies, you may impair your overall user experience, as it will no longer be personalised to you. Some browsers offer
a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signal where you can indicate your preference regarding tracking and cross-site tracking. Although we do
not currently employ technology that recognises DNT signals, we will only process your personal data in accordance with this Statement.
Below you can learn about how to control cookie settings on popular web browsers:
Google Chrome
Internet explorer
Safari
Firefox
Pixels
In addition to cookies, we sometimes use small graphic images known as 'pixels' (also known as web beacons, clear GIFs, or pixel tags). We use
pixels in our email communications to you (if you have selected to receive such communications) to help us to understand whether our email
communication has been viewed. We also use third party pixels (such as those from Google, Facebook, and other advertising networks) to help
us provide advertising that is relevant to your interests. Learn more about our advertising and marketing activities below.
Other Identifiers
When you use our app, we collect a unique ad-tracking identifier from your device (the Advertising Identifier or “IDFA” on iOS devices and the
Google Ad ID or “AID” on Android devices) so that we can learn more about users of our app and provide the most relevant messaging and
marketing. Although these identifiers are unique to your device, they do not contain any of your personal information such as your
name or email address.
How to control Identifier Settings
You can control how these identifiers are used, including the ability to reset them, through your device settings. Below you can learn about
how to control cookie settings on popular web browsers:
Apple iOS
Android
Advertising and Modern Marketing Tools
To help more people use health based consulting products from McKenna, we use several modern marketing tools in support of our advertising efforts.
McKenna may work with third-party advertisers that use cookies and similar technologies to provide more relevant advertising about McKenna Products
and Services on our websites and across the internet. To provide this “interest-based advertising”, parties combine non-personal data about your
online activities over time which helps cater advertising that we deliver to you. Examples of this may include a McKenna advertisement on a
Facebook page, or a Google owned page such as a search results page or YouTube, or on a site within Google’s advertising network. We do not
share your personal information as part of this process. Where necessary, we obtain your consent for this process. At all times, you can opt
out of these personalised ads from third-party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who
follow the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the
NAI websites and DAA websites. Opting out may make the ads you see across the internet less relevant to you.
If you have opted out of receiving communications from us, we will not use your email for interest-based advertising.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about the use of your personal information, please email support@mckenna.com.
Unless otherwise stated, McKenna Made LLC, McKenna Holdings LLC and Paul McKenna Online LLC is a data controller for personal data we collect
through the McKenna Products and Services subject to this Privacy Statement. Our address is 8383 Wilshire Blvd., Suite #500 Beverly HIlls, CA 90211.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
McKenna may modify or update this Statement when necessary, to reflect customer feedback and changes in our McKenna Products and Service.
Please review it regularly. When we update this Statement, we will revise the 'Last Update' date at the top of the Statement. If there are
material changes to the Statement or in how McKenna uses your personal data, we will inform you either by posting a notice of such changes,
prior to them taking place, or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to regularly review this Statement to learn more how
McKenna is using and protecting your information.
FAQ
The following are basic questions you may have about our privacy statement. We recommend that you read the detailed statement above for additional details.
Why is McKenna updating its privacy statement?
We now meet the high standards required by the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and have updated our privacy statement to
reflect that. We also strive to simplify language and remove jargon, to make our privacy statement easier to read and understand.
What is the GDPR?
The GDPR is a regulation intended to strengthen and unify data protection for everyone within the European Union (EU). As we believe that all
our customers can benefit from its mandates, we're implementing it globally. The GDPR requires greater openness and transparency from
companies on how they collect, store and use personal data, while also imposing tighter limits on the use of personal data. You can learn more here.
How often do you anticipate updating your privacy statement?
We will update our privacy statement as necessary to ensure that our policies are in line with international regulations, our product and business practices.
What information does McKenna collect about me?
McKenna collects your name, email address, location data, IP address, social identifiers, data provided by cookies and other similar technologies,
functional data such as registration and system data, as well as additional usage data, for instance, performance and activity information.
Why does McKenna need my information?
McKenna uses data to provide you with the best experience from the products and services we offer, which includes using data to improve and
personalise your experiences. We also use data to communicate with you, for example, informing you about your account, new products or
services available, security and other types of updates.
How is my information used?
McKenna uses data for the following purposes:
Product Improvement
Future Product Development
Customer Support
Security, Safety, and Dispute Resolution
Product Performance Analysis
Communication and Marketing
How does collecting my information help McKenna improve its products?
We use the information to help get your product working and to make sure that we are offering you the right health consultancy service options
according to your geographic location. We also collect error reports, so that we can make improvements to eliminate potential bugs and problems.
Finally, understanding how and when our customers collectively use their systems helps us design new ways to create health consultancy products.
Do I need to register my McKenna products for them to work?
Yes. This is fundamental to providing a secure internet–based home sound system.
Does McKenna sell information to third parties?
No. We never have. And we never will.
Can I opt out of sharing my information with McKenna?
Yes, you can opt out of submitting certain types of personal information to McKenna, for instance, additional usage data such as performance and
activity information. Certain types of data that we collect are a necessity in order for your McKenna Product to perform its basic functions
in a secure way and you will not be able to opt out from this data collection, sharing and/or processing ('Functional Data').
How do I delete my personal data from McKenna and what are the consequences?
You can always send us an email via support@mckenna.com or contact our employees and request that your data be deleted. Please note, however,
that by deleting your personal data your McKenna products will stop working.
Does McKenna provide my information to other health services?
McKenna shares data necessary to facilitate health consulting services on McKenna, for example, when you want to purchase a Paul McKenna Book.
This is only with the products you have authorised. An exception would be if you have an issue that requires us to engage with the product,
with your permission, to troubleshoot your problem.
Does McKenna keep or share my credit card information?
No. McKenna does not accept any payments on the website. All McKenna purchases are done by third party providers. For example, in-app purchases
are done by third party providers such as Google and Apple.
How long does McKenna keep my information?
McKenna retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide Services, support your Product and fulfil transactions you have requested, or for other
essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, and resolving disputes and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can
vary for different data types in the context of different Products or Services, actual retention periods can vary significantly. For example,
we will keep all functional data on file as long as you have an active McKenna.
How is information stored and secured on McKenna’ servers?
McKenna is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help
protect your personal data from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer
systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. Any data we transmit over the internet is protected using encryption.
Is McKenna using cookies or pixels to gather information?
We use cookies and other similar technologies like pixels, tags and web beacons when you visit our website or use our App. By visiting our website or
using our app, you agree to the use of cookies and similar technologies for the purposes described in our privacy statement. This helps us to
provide you with the best experience and allows certain parts of our website to function properly. You can always adjust your browser or
device settings to not accept cookies and similar technologies if this concerns you.
Does McKenna use interest-based advertising?
Yes. We work with third-party advertisers that utilise cookies and similar technologies to provide more relevant advertising about McKenna
on our website and across the internet. To provide interest-based advertising, advertisers combine non-personal data obtained about your
online activities over time to customise the advertising delivered to you. We do not share your personal information to do this.
What safeguards are in place for children who have access to McKenna products?
McKenna does not target and is not intended to attract children. McKenna does not knowingly solicit personal information from children or send them
requests for personal information. Although visitors of all ages may navigate through our website, we do not intentionally collect personal
information from those under the age of sixteen. If, following a notification by a parent or guardian, or discovery by other means, a child
under sixteen has been improperly registered on this site by using false information, we will cancel the child's account and delete the
child's personal information from our records.
How can I contact McKenna if I have questions regarding McKenna' privacy statement?
If you have any questions about the use of your personal information, please send us an email to support@mckenna.com.
About Paul McKenna
Over the past twenty years, Paul McKenna, Ph.D has helped people lose weight, quit smoking, overcome insomnia, eliminate stress and increase their self-confidence.
Find out More
Subscribe to the Newsletter
Enter your Email Address Below to receive the latest News!