https://www.plugpower.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Copyright © since 2002 Plug Power Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, or in the text on the Site without the prior written permission of Plug Power Inc. as expressly provided. Plug Power Inc. neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Plug Power Inc.
While Plug Power Inc. uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, Plug Power Inc. makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Plug Power Inc. assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the Site. Plug Power Inc. undertakes no duty to update the information contained on the Site.
Your use and browsing of the Site is at your risk. Neither Plug Power Inc. or any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANT ABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. Plug Power Inc. also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the Site.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used without restriction by Plug Power Inc. or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Furthermore, Plug Power Inc. is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information.
Images of people or places, displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, Plug Power Inc. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statues.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the “Trademarks”) displayed on the Site, including those of Plug Power Inc. are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Plug Power Inc. and others. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the advance written permission of Plug Power Inc. or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the Site. Your misuse of the trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Plug Power Inc. will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
Plug Power Inc. is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Although Plug Power Inc. may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards and the like on the Site, Plug Power Inc. is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger or inaccuracy contained in any information contained within such locations on the Site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. Plug Power Inc. will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Plug Power Inc. to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
Plug Power Inc. may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.