http://www.rss.org.uk/policy-campaigns/campaigns/statistics-of-the-year/
Introducing the RSS
A short, two minute video introduction
Watch our video
Who we are and what we do
Our history and where to find us
View our about section
Consultants Directory
Find a professionally qualified statistical consultant
Find a consultant
President and staff
Meet our personnel
Meet our president and staff
About RSS
Home
Campaigns
Statistics of the Year
< Back to Campaigns
In this section
Statistics of the Year
Pre-release access to statistics
Parliament Counts
Statistics of the Year
The Royal Statistical Society will be announcing its Statistics of the Year in December 2020.
We have a judging panel comprising eminent statisticians, journalists, economists and pollsters, chaired by the RSS vice president for external affairs, Professor Jennifer Rogers.
Last year’s winning and highly commended statistics covered a diverse and fascinating range of topics – such as deforestation, life expectancy and productivity.
Read about last year’s winning statistics.
Criteria
Your nominated statistic should ideally have a public interest dimension to it
The statistic does not need to have an established media profile – it could be a number that is newsworthy but, in your view, has not previously received the attention it deserves
The statistic should be accurate, coherent and not misleading
It should ideally provide an interesting insight into a specific issue
Examples could include:
A statistic that debunks a popular myth
A statistic relevant to a key news story or social trend
Your nominated statistic does not necessarily need to have been produced within 2020 but it does need to have become relevant in that time
The RSS particularly welcomes nominations that reflect a wide breadth, geographic spread and diversity of topics. We particularly encourage nominations covering topics or issues that have been under-represented in previous Statistics of the Year.
The judges will consider any potential limitations or criticisms of the statistic they select – you are urged to address any such potential drawbacks proactively in your submission to help strengthen its chances of success
In its announcement of the winning and ‘highly commended’ entries, the RSS will set out the statistics’ significance and what, in the judging panel’s view, they do and don’t convey.
Nominations are now closed.
An award-winning initiative
Statistics of the Year was awarded MemCom's 2019 'Best Campaign' award. In the words of the judging panel, it was 'A very well executed campaign. The results and impact have been staggering, with a relatively small original outlay generating impressive results ... In relation to increasing media and public awareness of statistics that have real-world impact, the results have been phenomenal!
Follow the hashtag #StatsoftheYear on social media for updates!
News
Press releases
RSS in the news