http://www.closeup.org/privacy-policy/
UPDATES ON CORONAVIRUS (COVID-19): MORE INFO
Donate
Request Info
Skip to content
Toggle navigation
About
Mission
Our Story
Leadership
Alumni Network
Close Up Hall of Fame
Curriculum Team
Work with Us
Close Up in the News
High School Programs
High School Programs
High School Teacher Info
Parent Info
Student Info
High School Curriculum
High School FAQ
Register Your School
Lasting Impressions
Middle School Programs
Middle School Programs
Middle School Teacher Info
Parent Info
Student Info
Middle School Curriculum
Middle School FAQ
Register Your School
Lasting Impressions
Virtual Learning
Overview
Virtual Programs
Classroom Resources
Professional Development
Register to Vote
Free Resources
Partner with Us
Current Partnerships
Giving Opportunities
Donate
Request Info
Login
Privacy Policy
1. Privacy Policy Summary
This privacy policy outlines the primary practices of the Close Up Foundation and closeup.org. We do not give, share, sell, or transfer any personal information to a third party unless required by law.
Some of the forms on our website let you submit personal information. In those cases, we will provide a specific notice, explaining how your information will be used.
If you want to know more about how we record non-personal information about your visit or how we use information that you voluntarily submit, read on.
2. Non-Personal Information We Record
As you browse through the website, read pages, or download information, our website’s operating system will automatically record some general information about your visit.
During your visit, our web operating system will record:
The Internet domain and an IP address for your Internet service, such as “xcompany.com” or “xcompany.net” if you use a private Internet access account, or “yourschool.edu” if you connect from a college or university domain.
The type of browser that you use (such as Macintosh, Unix, or Windows).
The type of operating system that you use (such as Macintosh, Unix, or Windows).
The date and time of your visit, and the web pages that you visit on our site.
The address of the previous website you were visiting, only if you linked to us from another site.
We use this information for statistical analysis, to help us make our site more useful to visitors. This tracking system does not record information about individuals.
3. Cookies
When you visit any website, its server may generate a piece of text known as a “cookie” to place on your computer. Placing cookie text allows websites to “remember” visitors’ preferences, surfing patterns and behavior while they are connected.
The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of Web pages. Cookies from closeup.org Web pages only collect information about your browser’s visit to the site; they do not collect any personal information about you.
There are two types of cookies: single session (temporary) and multi-session (persistent). Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open. Once you close your browser, the cookie disappears. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods.
Session Cookies: We use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through our site. These cookies let our server know that you are continuing a visit to our site.
Persistent Cookies: We use persistent cookies to enable Google’s Universal Analytics to differentiate between new and returning visitors to our site. A Google’s Universal Analytics (a third-party analytics provider) persistent cookie remains on your computer between visits to closeup.org for six months. Knowing if a user visited closeup.org within the past six months tells us the difference between visitors and “unique visitors” or those who visit our website more than once during this time period). This is an industry standard and provides high-level information on the breadth of traffic to and content usage of our given digital services. It is a powerful, invaluable metric because it’s the only measure that accurately calculates how many individual users visited closeup.org website in a given time. Combined with total visits, it tells a more comprehensive story about closeup.org users and their visit patterns.
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies stored on your machine, you can opt out or disable cookies in your browser. You will still have access to all information and resources. However, turning off cookies may affect the functionality of the website. Be aware that disabling cookies in your browser will affect cookie usage at all other websites you visit as well.
Close Up Foundation uses a third-party analytics provider (Google’s Universal Analytics) to analyze the data collected through the session and persistent metrics cookies. The third-party analytics provider does not receive personally identifiable information through these cookies and does not combine, match, or cross-reference closeup.org information with any other information. Please review for additional information.
These cookies collect information similar to that automatically received and stored on the servers hosting closeup.org; they do not collect personally identifiable information. Close Up Foundation does not access or store the raw information collected through these cookies. We do view aggregate statistical analyses prepared by our third-party analytics provider, but these analyses do not include any personally identifiable information. We do not sell, rent, exchange, or otherwise disclose this information to persons or organizations.
4. Information from E-Mail You Send to Us
If you decide to send us an electronic mail message (e-mail), the message will usually contain your return e-mail address. If you include personally identifiable information in your e-mail because you want us to address issues specific to your situation, we may use that information in responding to your request. In other limited circumstances, we may be required by law to disclose information that you submit.
E-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. Please send only information necessary to help us process your request.
5. Information Collected from Interactive Forms
On some of our web pages we offer interactive forms that let you submit personal information (such as your e-mail address, name, phone number or organization). In those cases, all submitted information is used only for the expressed purposes for which it is intended.
6. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule (“COPPA”)
For all program participants under 13 years of age, the parent(s) or guardian(s) will receive direct notice of the collection and use of any information about the child and parent/guardian must authorize such collection and use on the participants enrollment form.
7. Links to Other Sites
Our policy discloses the privacy practices for the Close Up Foundation website. But we do provide links to other websites. When you leave the Close Up Foundation website (www.closeup.org), you will be going to sites that are beyond our control. We try to ensure that links that leave our site are clearly labeled. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. The privacy policies and procedures described here for closeup.org do not apply to any external links. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of any site you link to from ours, especially if you share any personal information. You are the person best qualified to protect your own privacy.
8. Social Media
Close Up Foundation is using third-party social media sites to provide content in formats that may be useful or interesting. Close Up Foundation cannot attest to the accuracy of other information provided by these or any other linked sites. Using these third-party sites does not constitute an endorsement of the sponsors of the sites or the information and products presented on the sites by Close Up Foundation or any of its employees. Also, please be aware that the privacy protection provided at closeup.org may not be available on these third-party sites. Please note that when Close Up Foundation uses social media sites, Close Up Foundation does not collect or in any way use personally identifiable information.
9. Questions?
If you have questions about this policy, please contact info@closeup.org.
FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA
Follow Us
View More
Contact Us
Work with Us
Merchandise
Close Up Foundation
1330 Braddock Place, Suite 400
Alexandria, VA 22314
703-706-3300 or 800-CLOSE-UP
Looking for more information?
E-mail us
Search Sitemap
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Close Up Foundation. All Rights Reserved.