http://www.mbresearch.com/privacy.htm
Cookies and Privacy Policies
Cookies and Privacy Policies
Details and Definitions:
MB Research acknowledges that various laws and regulations around the world
govern data protection. Protecting your privacy is important to us.
For those
reasons, we created this Website Privacy Policy.
Please review this policy
to learn about how we collect, use, and protect information.
This website (not including externally linked websites) is controlled by MB Research Labs.
All materials and content that comprise this website, including the website design,
text, graphics, photographs, illustrations, images, icons and other materials, such as, data,
and information are protected by copyright under United States and international
copyright laws and treaties and are exclusive property of MB Research.
When browsing our website, you do so anonymously.
Please note, we do not automatically
collect personal information, such as your identity, physical address or email address.
We may log IP addresses in order to
to gauge the effectiveness of our websites.
A standard technology called a "cookie" is used to collect information about how you use this website.
We utilize Google Analytics and Conversions to monitor web traffic which helps us better your web browsing experience when using our site.
Only contact information, if you choose to give it to us, is collected.
We do not share any of your contact information with third parties for their
own use unless you explicitly give us permission to do so.
This Website Privacy Policy applies only to contact information collected online from our websites. Self Provided Personal Data/Information
-
(such as your name, company, address, telephone number, and e-mail address) when you choose to submit it to us will only be used for
contacting you in regards to our services.
We may combine this data with other information to produce anonymous, aggregated
statistical information helpful to us in improving your experience on our websites and with our products and services.
Automatically Collected Data
MB does perform automatically collection of certain types of
information whenever you interact with us on our websites and in some e-mails we may send
each other.
We utilized Google Analytics and Adwords as automatic technologies that include, for example, web server logs, IP addresses,
cookies, and web beacons.
IP Addresses and Server logs:
Server log files are stored in a secure location,
and can only be accessed by authorized employees. An IP address is a number assigned
to your computer/terminal whenever you access the Internet that allows computers and servers
to communicate with each other. MB may collect IP addresses to conduct system administration
and report aggregated information to conduct website and performance analysis.
This information is kept indefinitely for historical purposes.
Data Storage:
MB may utilizes multiple databases to record and retrieve information sent
to us through web forms (such as contact information, products and services requested,
and billing/payment information). This information is kept indefinitely for historical
purposes and is used for billing purposes and to fill customers' orders.
Cookies:
A cookie is a piece of information that is placed on your computer when you
access certain websites.
The cookie uniquely identifies your browser to the server. Cookies
allow MB to store information on a server to help customize your web experience and to
conduct website analysis and performance reviews. We make use of a web browser cookie
for the sole purpose of providing a visitor to our websites a more efficient browsing experience.
Web Beacons:
MB Research may utilize a common Internet technology called a "web beacon". A web beacons
aids in analyzing the effectiveness of websites.
This policy may be amended at any time. If a modification is required of our Website Privacy Policy,
MB Research will post those changes to this policy so website visitors are always aware of what information
is collected, how this information is used. MB will use information in accordance with the privacy
policy under which the information is collected. Any such changes will comply with the EU Safe Harbor Program.
References:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/smedataprotect/index_en.htm
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites