http://www.mirusbio.com/legal/privacy-policy
Our products speak for themselves in quality and performance. REQUEST A FREE SAMPLE
Mirus Bio Privacy Policy
UPDATED: 6/2018
Welcome to mirusbio.com. We respect your privacy and are committed to maintaining your trust. We use information collected about you to enhance our service to you and provide a better experience.
This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about Mirus Bio's collection, use, and dissemination practices regarding information that you provide to us through mirusbio.com, which we will refer to as "the Site".
By using the Site, you are consenting to our collection and use of both automatically and voluntarily collected information. If we change or update our policies, we will post the changes here.
Information Automatically Collected
In the course of your navigation of the Site, we will automatically collect certain information from you, such as the URL of the site you just came from, the browser version you use, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, IP ports, date/time, size of data transferred, pages you visit, and other "clickstream" data. This information may also include other information that you have linked to your web browser.
We collect contact information such as name, IP address, physical address, title, department, telephone number, areas of interest and e-mail address. In addition, when you visit the Mirus Bio website, we may place a "cookie," a small computer file, on your computer to help us recognize and serve you better when you return. We keep this information to make it easier for you to utilize our site. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being placed on your computer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the features of the Site.
Information Voluntarily Provided
If you register on our site, subscribe to one of our mailing lists, enter one of our contests, or place an order on our online store we will ask you for personal information like your name, address, institution, phone and fax number and possibly your credit card number. It will be clear to you that you are providing this information and you can cancel the session at any time until you release the information to us.
Other Information
Mirus Bio sometimes obtains information from other sources. For example, we may purchase an e-mail list of attendees from a scientific conference or obtain names and e-mail addresses from published literature. We treat this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Protecting Your Information
Mirus Bio does not sell, trade, rent or otherwise provide your personal information to third parties including other vendors, mailing list companies or other similar database organizations, except Mirus Bio distributors. Certain information (name, address, telephone and fax number, email address, professional profile, and product interest) is provided to Mirus Bio distributors. A current list of these distributors is available at /contact/distributors.
Mirus Bio takes all reasonable steps to safeguard the information you provide to us. For example, all web pages transmitting personal or financial information are encrypted from your client PC to servers using the standard known as SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). We may disclose personally identifiable information that you provide via this Site to respond to law enforcement requests or where required by applicable laws, regulations, or court orders.
Because no system is 100% secure or error-free despite taking commercially reasonable steps, Mirus Bio can not promise, and you should not expect, that information you provide to Mirus Bio shall remain private under all circumstances. It is your responsibility to safeguard any passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features associated with your use of the Site.
How We Use Information about You
From time to time, Mirus Bio uses contact information obtained via this Site to send e-mail and postal mail supplying customers with the most recent product and service information. If you order products or services via our Site, Mirus Bio may contact you to send you information about your order (e.g., order confirmations, shipment notifications, etc.). Mirus Bio may also contact Site visitors regarding their account status and about changes to any relevant agreements or policies.
Opting Out
If you do not wish to receive certain communications from Mirus Bio, you may opt out by: (1) declining the service offered when registering or at other information collection points on the Site, or (2) informing us that you no longer wish to receive such communications via email: maildesk@mirusbio.com or phone: 608.441.2852, or (3) following the instructions to opt out on any of our e-mail communications. We will comply with such requests unless such communications are required by law or do not require your consent under applicable laws, for example notifying you of a product defect. If you opt out of certain communications, you may not be able to access certain Mirus Bio products or services. If you would like to opt out of receiving communications from any third party, including our distributors, you should contact them directly.
Access to Your Personal Information
You have the right to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold about you. To request access please email: maildesk@mirusbio.com. We will provide the information free of charge and within one month, except in the event that the request is unfounded, excessive or repetitive, in which case we reserve the right to charge a proportionate administration fee or refuse.
Rectification of Personal Information
If any of the information we hold on you is inaccurate or incomplete, you make ask us to correct or complete it at any time.
Your Right of Erasure, or To Be Forgotten
You may request the deletion of any information we hold on you at any time.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Other Web Sites
This Site contains links to the web sites of other organizations. Mirus Bio is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other web sites, and unless otherwise specified, does not imply any relationship, sponsorship, or affiliation between Mirus Bio and these linked sites, or adoption or approval of the content of such sites.
By using or accessing Mirus Bio’s Facebook page, you agree to comply with Facebook's Terms and Conditions. We will delete any content that is a violation of these terms or is contrary to our company values. Personal attacks, vulgarity or racism will not be tolerated and will be deleted immediately. If the behavior continues, we reserve the right to block you from posting on our Facebook page.
How To Contact Us:
For any requests or questions related to this Privacy Policy, or if you have concerns about how information you provide to Mirus Bio is being used, please contact us at the following address: maildesk@mirusbio.com
Close
Please Wait...
Your request is processing