https://www.essgroup.com/privacy-policy/
Group 10
ESS Group, Inc. > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how ESS Group, Inc. (ESS) uses and protects information that you give ESS when you use this website.ESS is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.ESS may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page periodically to review any changes. This policy is effective from January 7, 2011.What We CollectTo access certain features on this site, you may be asked to provide some or all of the following information:name and job titlecontact information, including email addressdemographic information, such as zip code, preferences, and interestsother information relevant to customer surveys and/or our business offeringsWhat we do with the information we gatherWe collect this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service. The information may be used to:improve our products and servicessend promotional emails about new services or other information we think you may find of interestcontact you for market research purposesSecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect online.How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added, and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes, and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic, improve our website, and tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes, and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites, and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:Do not provide personal information when you are asked to fill in a form on the website; instead call us at 781.419.7696 to request the desired information in an alternative format.If you have previously provided information to us, you may email us at info@essgroup.com and request that we delete the information from our files.We will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.