https://www.danoneinstitute.org/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
We at Danone Institute international, also called in the following privacy policy DII, are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to both our website (https://www.danoneinstitute.org, also called DII website) and our newsletter. This Privacy Policy governs our data collection, processing and usage practices. By using the Website or registering to the newsletter, you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Website or the other DII Service.
The term “you” and its declination (“your”, “yours”…) or the term user will refer to anyone that will use or surf on our website or subscribe or receive our newsletter.
1. Important Information
1.1. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time by posting a new version online. You should check this page once in a while to check any changes.
1.2. Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please write to us by email at contact@danoneinstitute.com or by mail to Danone Institute International
Danone Institute International
128 avenue de la Vauve – RD – 91767 Palaiseau Cedex – France
2. Information We Collect
2.1. When You Visit our Website/Register for the newsletter
You are free to explore our Website without providing any information about yourself. When you register for the newsletter, we request that you provide Personal Information about yourself, and we also collect Navigational Information.
2.2. “Personal Information”
This refers to any information that you voluntarily submit to us and that identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, and other information about yourself or your business. Personal Information can also include information about any transactions, both free and paid, that you enter into on the Websites, and information about you that is available on the internet, such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.
2.3. “Navigational Information”
This refers to information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed. Please see the “Navigation Information” section below.
3. How We Use Information We Collect
3.1. Compliance with Our Privacy Policy
We use the information we collect only in compliance with this Privacy Policy. Customers who subscribe to our newsletter are obligated through our agreements with them to comply with this Privacy Policy.
3.2. We Never Sell Personal Information
We will never sell any of your Personal Information to any third party.
3.3. Use of Personal Information
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Information to: (a) improve your browsing experience by personalizing the Websites and to improve the Subscription Service; (b) send information to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other mean.
3.4. Use of Navigational Information
We use Navigational Information to operate and improve our Website and the Newsletter Service. We may also use Navigational Information alone or in combination with Personal Information to provide you with personalized information about the DII.
3.5. Customer Testimonials and Comments
We post users comments on our Websites, which may contain Personal Information. In this case, we consider that the users in posting a comment agree to share the personal information they use in their own comment. We do not post Personal Information that is not directly written on the comments posted by the users.
3.6. Service Providers
We employ other companies and people to provide services to visitors to our Website, our users, and users of the Newsletter Service and may need to share your information with them to provide information, products or services to you. In all cases where we share your information with such agents, we explicitly require the agent to acknowledge and adhere to our privacy and customer data handling policies.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing automation platform. By subcribing to our newsletter, you aknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing in accordance to their privacy policy and terms.
3.7. Security of your Personal Information
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When sensitive Personal Information (such as a credit card number) is collected on our Websites and/or transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
3.8. Social Media Features
Our Website includes widgets, such as the Twitter Share and Linkedin Share button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them. (for afterwards)
3.9. External Websites
Our Websites provide links to other websites. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have.
3.10. Public Comments
We offer publicly accessible message comments. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through your comments published on our website, this information may be collected and used by others. We will correct or delete any information you have posted on the Websites if you so request, as described in “Opting-Out and Unsubscribing” below.
3.11. Retention of Personal Information
We retain Personal Information that you provide us as long as we consider it potentially useful in contacting you about the Newsletter Service or our other services, and we then securely delete the information once we consider that they are not anymore potentially useful. We will delete this information from the servers at an earlier date if you so request, as described in “Opting-Out and Unsubscribing” below.
3.12. International Transfer of Information
To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access Personal Information from around the world, including the United States. This Privacy Policy shall apply even if we transfer Personal Information to other countries.
3.13. Compelled Disclosure
We reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Information if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or to comply with a law, court order, or legal process.
4. Navigational Information
4.1. Cookies
A cookie is a small file saved on your computer or mobile device by our Service. It has a unique ID assigned to your device, but does not contain any of your personal information like name or email address. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as location, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the website or browse from one page to another, or to customize your browsing experience.
We use cookies and similar technologies for different purposes. We use technical cookies to provide services on our websites. These services include setting language preferences and security protection. These cookies are essential to the operation of the site, and are consequently always active. As described above, we use Social Media Widgets. Finally, we use Google Analytics. Information on how data are collected and processed by « Google Analytics » can be found here : https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
All non-technical cookies need your consent to be installed. You may express your consent via the cookies banner on our homepage, following its instructions (scrolling, clicking on any element of the homepage or on ok). You can also manage cookies configuring your browser so that cookies are stored in your computer or other device, or alternatively so that they are rejected, either systematically or according to their origin. You can also configure your browser so that a message appears each time a cookie could potentially be stored on your computer or other device asking you whether you wish to accept or reject it.  If you don’t know how to manage your preferences, you can make reference to websites as www.allaboutcookies.org.
If you refuse permission for cookies to be stored on your computer or other device, or if you delete those that are already stored, you will no longer be able to use certain functions required to browse various areas of our Services. This will affect, for example, content or services which can only be accessed by logging in. Also we, and our service providers, will be unable to identify for technical compatibility purposes the type of browser your computer or device is using, your language and display settings, and the country from which your computer or other device appears to be accessing the internet. We are unable to take any responsibility for the consequences of our Services functioning less efficiently because we are unable to store or read cookies required for it to operate where you have rejected or deleted them.
5. Opting Out and Unsubscribing
5.1. Reviewing, Correcting and Removing Your Personal Information
If you provide us with your Personal Information, you have the following rights with respect to that information:
To review the user information that you have supplied to us
To request that we correct any errors, outdated information, or omissions in user information that you have supplied to us
To request that your user information not be used to contact you
To request that your user information be removed from any solicitation list that we use
To request that your user information be deleted from our records
To opt out of being solicited by DII or third parties
You may unsubscribe from DII newsletter by clicking on the unsubscribe link located on the bottom of the newsletter.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us by email at contact@danoneinstitute.com. We will promptly change, correct, or delete your information and notify you of the action we have taken.
5.2. To Unsubscribe From Our Communications
You may unsubscribe from our communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our emails/newsletter, or by sending us an email at contact@danoneinstitute.com
By scrolling this page or clicking on any of its element, you consent to our use of cookies in order to build traffic statistics. For more information and to learn how to change your settings, please click here. Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.