https://www.casanz.org.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home /
Privacy Statement:
The Clean Air Society of Australia and New Zealand (hereafter referred to as CASANZ) respects the privacy of your information. Any information collected is handled with respect to the Privacy Act 2000 (Victoria).
CASANZ collect personal information to provide and administer the services and events offered. These services include, but are not limited to, the quarterly journal publication, monthly E-newsletters, Society conference, training courses, seminars, workshops and Branch notices, employment/tender notices and other information relevant to the membership. From time to time, information from other organisations with which CASANZ have a professional relationship with, may be circulated. We do not disclose any personal information provided to us to third parties outside of CASANZ’s normal activities without obtaining express permission.
Collecting information:
The personal information we require to provide service to you are:
Your name
The name of your employer or of your company if you are self-employed
Occupation / Position title
Workplace address and/or Personal address
Telephone / Fax / Mobile Telephone numbers
E Mail Address
If you wish to pay for the goods you have purchased via credit card, we will need to collect your credit card details from you to process the transaction, including but not limited to the card number, expiry date, type of card, name appearing on the card and credit card verification number.
Security of Information:
CASANZ will take all reasonable precautions to ensure that all data is stored in a secure environment where only authorised persons can access the data. All printed material containing your personal and credit card information is stored securely and held at CASANZ’s office in accordance with the relevant legislation concerning the storage of accounting records.
Account payment details such as credit card numbers should not be emailed or transmitted other than through our secure server payment options. These servers use the highest available encryption methods to protect the transmission of sensitive information.
CASANZ cannot guarantee the security of any data transmitted through the internet and cannot be held liable for unauthorised access of your information received from you or delivered to you using the internet.
CASANZ has made every effort to implement security policies, rules and measures to protect your information from unauthorised access, improper use, alteration, destruction and loss. Your personal information will be removed from CASANZ databases and systems when no longer required.
Choice/Opt-out
Upon request, we will allow any user to “opt-out” of further promotional contacts at any time.
Also, upon a user’s request, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user’s entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions.
Access to the database containing personal information is restricted to CASANZ personnel with direct responsibility for customer service or management of the website.
Cookies
Cookies are used throughout the CASANZ website. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes.
We use cookies:
To determine if you have previously visited our site; and
To identify the pages and Third Party Websites you have accessed.
Visitors who do not wish to accept cookies can set their browser to refuse cookies. However, cookies allow you to fully utilise all services provided on this site and we encourage all visitors to accept them.
Home
About
Executive Committee
Council Committee
Fellows
CAQP
Awards
Distinguished Service Medalists
Clean Air Medalists
Innovation Award Winners
2019 Award Winners
Contact Us
Branches & SIGs
Branches
VIC/TAS
NSW/ACT
QLD
WA
SA/NT
NZ
Special Interest Groups
ANZAA
Indoor Air
Measurement
Modelling
Biomass Burning
Special Interest Groups
Air Quality and Health
Odour
Policy
Transport
EAQP
Training/Events
Events Calendar
Upcoming Training
Training Course Transcripts
Resources
E-News
Publications
Air Quality and Climate Change Journal
CASANZ Conference Proceedings
Legislation Summaries
Submissions
Consultants Directory
Useful Links
Membership
Benefits
Join CASANZ
Certified Air Quality Professional CAQP
CAQP Profiles
Conference 2021
Abstracts
Login
Jobs
Conference 2021