https://www.gardenhealth.com/terms-of-use
Consumer helpline
01480 443789
10am-4pm, Mon-Fri
HomeTerms of Use
Terms of Use
Legal Notice
Westland Horticulture Ltd maintains this web site (the ‘Website’) for your personal entertainment, information, education and communication. Please feel free to browse the Website. You may download material displayed on the Website for non-commercial; personal use only provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost or use the content of the Website for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio and video without Westland Horticulture Ltd’s prior written permission.Your access to and use of the Website is also subject to the following terms and conditions (‘Terms and Conditions’) and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreements between you and Westland Horticulture Ltd are superseded and of no force or effect.
Terms and Conditions
You should assume that everything you see or read on the Website is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Website without the prior written permission of Westland Horticulture Ltd. Westland Horticulture Ltd neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Website will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Westland Horticulture Ltd.
While Westland Horticulture Ltd uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information in the Website, Westland Horticulture Ltd makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Westland Horticulture Ltd assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Website, including the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, reliability or availability of any information you receive as a result of your use of the Website.Your use of and browsing in the Website are at your risk. Neither Westland Horticulture Ltd nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the Website is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, special or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Website. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Website and data available to you through the Website is provided to you ‘as is’ without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. Westland Horticulture Ltd also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable, for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Website or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the Website.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Website by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by Westland Horticulture Ltd or its affiliates for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Furthermore, Westland Horticulture Ltd is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Website for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
Images of people or places displayed on the Website are either the property of, or used with permission by, Westland Horticulture Ltd. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Website. Any unauthorised use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity and communications regulations and statutes.
The trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively the ‘Trademarks’) displayed on the Website are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Westland Horticulture Ltd and others. Nothing contained on the Website should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Website without the written permission of the Trademark owner. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Website, or any other content on the Website, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Westland Horticulture Ltd will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
Westland Horticulture Ltd has not reviewed all the sites linked to the Website and is not responsible for the content of any other sites linked to the Website. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk, and is subject to these terms and conditions.
Although Westland Horticulture Ltd may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the Website, Westland Horticulture Ltd is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations, nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on the Website. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libellous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law. Westland Horticulture Ltd will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Westland Horticulture Ltd to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
Westland Horticulture Ltd may at any time revise or delete the contents of the Website, including these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound. Westland Horticulture Ltd reserves the right to revoke your access to the Website.
These Terms and Conditions are the only understanding and agreement we have regarding your use of the Website. It supersedes all other communications or agreements we may have had prior to this Agreement.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy