http://www.visitron.de/privacy-policy.html
Browse our Products
Scroll down for more
Visitron Systems GmbH offers a broad range of different solutions, from single documentation of macroscopic and microscopic compounds up to multidimensional confocal high-speed microscopy. The modularity of our systems always keeps them open for upgrades to newest technologies and recent applications.
Science lives from discovery. Visitron Systems offers solutions for today and for the future. With the development of fluorescence proteins, microscopy reaches new horizons and outlooks, Visitron Systems GmbH keeps up. For newest techologies in microscopy e.g. TIRF, FRAP, FRET, Confocal, we offer newest microscopy components like scientific CMOS or EMCCD- cameras, 1D and 2D-scanner, high-speed spinning disk confocal, multi-spectral laser systems. We are happy to help our customers to be leading in biologyRead more...
VisiScope - Confocal
Real-Time Confocal System based on Dual-Disc Microlens Technologymore ...
Light Sheet
High Resolution Light Sheet Imaging. The Tilt from Mizar Imaging is a modular...more ...
ViRTEx
The Realtime Experiment Control Device ViRTEx-100/200 provides sophisticated electronic for...more ...
VisiScope - 4Elements
System based on Inverted Mic. with Spinning-Disc Confocal, VisiTIRF/FRAP and Widefield.more ...
FRAP
2D-VisiFRAP Realtime Scanner - Fluorescence Recovery After Photobleaching Imaging Systemmore ...
VS-LMS
Flexible Multiple Laser Engine with up to 8 lines and highly stable Laser Outputs.more ...
VisiFLOUR
High Performance Calcium, Ion and FRET Imaging. The measurement of intracellular...more ...
TIRF
Total Internal Reflection Fluorescence Imaging Systemmore ...
VisiView® Software
High Performance Imaging Software for BioImaging Applications.more ...
VisiView® is a high performance imaging software from Visitron Systems GmbH for BioImaging applications. It is specially designed to meet the needs for high-speed image acquisition and processing with ease of use. Our software controls complex automated microscopes and microscope equipment in combination with multidimensional acquisition and analysis. Its multitasking ability supports simultaneous image acquisition and analysis. The VisiView®
software represents the philosophy of simple operations and seamless integration of applied standards.read more...
Pr
Products
Visitron systems fully automated multi-dimensional microscopy solutions.more...
Ap
Applications
Find application notes and videos about our systems and the powerful Visiview software.more...
Se
Services
Find your local distributor or support contactmore...
Ne
News
Actual informations about Visitron Systems, current events and microscopymore...
Offering the best technology, Visitron Systems GmbH needs strong partners. Together with our international partners, we bring the best technologies together for your research. For highest flexibility, we have the power to implement nearly every hardware driver into the VisiView software for e.g. 6D multidimensional microscopy. Even development of customized hardware, optics and laser combinations shows the vision we are looking forread more...
KontaktFormular
First name
Last name
Email*
Company
Your Message
Privacy*
Yes, I have taken note of the
privacy policy and agree that the data specified by me will be electronically collected and saved. My data will only be used if strictly related to processing and responding to my requests. By submitting the contact form I agree with the processing.
Don't fill this field!
Visitron Systems GmbH Benzstraße 36 D-82178 PuchheimTelefon: +49(0)89/8902450 Fax: +49(0)89/89024518 E-Mail: info@visitron.de