https://www.trifield.com/terms-and-conditions/
+1 (801) 487-9492
mail@trifield.com
Terms and Conditions
mail@trifield.com
3005 South 300 West Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 USA
© AlphaLab, Inc. 2020
0 Items
Terms And Conditions
These Terms and Conditions are effective as of March 1, 2018.
Warranty Information
We at AlphaLab are very proud of our products and back each one we sell with the following warranty:
AlphaLab warrants this product, when purchased from an authorized AlphaLab dealer, to be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal use and service.  This warranty is valid to the original purchaser only and is non-transferable.
AlphaLab liability under this warranty is limited to repairing or replacing defective materials that show evidence of defect, provided the product is returned to AlphaLab, where all parts and labor will be covered up to a period of one year. The company shall not be liable for any consequential damage as a result of the product’s use.
The consumer forfeits the benefits of this warranty if the product’s main assembly is opened and tampered with by anyone other than a certified AlphaLab technician.
The foregoing is in lieu of all other warranties, expressed or implied, and AlphaLab neither assumes nor authorizes any person to assume any obligation or liability in connection with the sale of this product. In no event shall AlphaLab or its dealers be liable for special or consequential damages or from any delay in the performance of this warranty due to causes beyond their control.
Return Policy
Meters in new condition may be exchanged or refunded within 30 days of delivery, subject to a 15% restocking fee. Shipping fees are not refundable. Any returned meter that is damaged through customer misuse, is missing parts, or is in unsellable condition due to customer tampering may result in the customer being charged a higher restocking fee based on the condition of the product.
Ship the merchandise to:AlphaLab, Inc.3005 South 300 WestSalt Lake City, Utah 84115
Shipping Information
Local authorities may assess additional charges (e.g. VAT, duty, etc.) on international orders. Addressee of orders from this website is solely responsible for payment.
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
AlphaLab, Inc.3005 South 300 WestSalt Lake City, Utah 84115United Statesmail@trifield.com+1 (801) 487-9492
General Provisions
Trademarks
“TriField, and the TriField logo and any other AlphaLab, Inc. product or service names, logos or slogans that may appear on the Services are trademarks of AlphaLab, Inc. in the United States and in other countries, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of AlphaLab, Inc.  Third party marks appearing on the Services are owned by their respective companies and may not be used without permission of the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or other “hidden text” utilizing “TriField” or any other name, trademark or product or service name of AlphaLab, Inc. without our prior written permission.  In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the service mark, trademark and/or trade dress of AlphaLab, Inc. and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission.  All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners.  Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation by AlphaLab, Inc.
Hyperlinks
You are granted a limited, nonexclusive right to create a text hyperlink to the Services for noncommercial purposes, provided that such link does not portray AlphaLab, Inc. or any of our products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner and provided further that the linking site does not contain any adult or illegal material or any material that is offensive, harassing or otherwise objectionable.  This limited right may be revoked at any time.  You may not use an TriField logo or other proprietary graphic of TriField to link to the Services without the express written permission of AlphaLab, Inc.  Further, you may not use, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any TriField trademark, logo or other proprietary information, including the images found on the Services, the content of any text or the layout/design of any page or form contained on a page on the Services without express written consent from AlphaLab, Inc. Except as noted above, you are not conveyed any right or license by implication, estoppel or otherwise in or under any patent, trademark, copyright or proprietary right of AlphaLab, Inc. or any third party.
AlphaLab, Inc. makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature or reliability of third-party websites accessible by hyperlink from the Services, or websites linking to the Services.  Such sites are not under the control of AlphaLab, Inc. and AlphaLab, Inc. is not responsible for the contents of any linked site, any link contained in a linked site, or any review, changes or updates to such sites.  AlphaLab, Inc. provides these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply affiliation, endorsement or adoption by AlphaLab, Inc. of any site or any information contained therein.  When you leave the Services, you should be aware that our terms and policies no longer govern.  You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any site to which you navigate from the Services.
Third-Party Content
AlphaLab, Inc. may provide third-party content on the Services and may provide links to web pages and content of third parties (collectively, “Third-Party Content”) as a service to those interested in this information.  AlphaLab, Inc. does not control, endorse or adopt any Third-Party Content and makes no representation or warranties of any kind regarding the Third-Party Content, including without limitation regarding its accuracy or completeness.  You acknowledge and agree that AlphaLab, Inc. is not responsible or liable in any manner for any Third-Party Content and undertakes no responsibility to update or review any Third-Party Content.  Users use such Third-Party Content contained therein at their own risk.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL ALPHALAB, INC. BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT CONTAINED IN OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RESULTING FROM RELIANCE BY ANY USER ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM ALPHALAB, INC., OR THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES OR EMAIL, ERRORS, DEFECTS, VIRUSES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, WHETHER OR NOT RESULTING FROM ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO ALPHALAB, INC. RECORDS, PROGRAMS OR SERVICES.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF ALPHALAB, INC., WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR TO THESE TERMS EXCEED ANY COMPENSATION YOU PAY, IF ANY, TO ALPHALAB, INC. FOR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SERVICES.
Termination
Notwithstanding any of these Terms, AlphaLab, Inc. reserves the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your right to use the Services, or any portion of thereof, and to block or prevent your future access to and use of the Services or any portion thereof.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.