https://www.ise-online.org/ISE-privacy-policy.php
MEMBERS AREA
DIVISIONS
PUBLICATIONS
JOBS & POSITIONS
CONTACT
Home
About ISE
About ISE
Individual Membership
Corporate Membership
ISE History
Past Presidents, Treasurers & General Secretaries
Honorary Members
Cooperating Societies
Constitution & Bylaws
Conflict of interests
ISE Privacy Policy
Membership Application
Membership fee payment
ISE Committees
Executive Committee
Divisions Officers
Divisions Officers Guide
Regional Representatives
Regional Rep. Guide
Publications Committee
Scientific Meetings Com.
ISE Conferences
Next ISE Conferences
Past ISE Conferences
Rules & Guidelines
Conference Proposals
Special Meetings
Sponsored Meetings
Sponsored Meetings
Past Sponsored Meetings
Student Meetings
Sponsoring Request
Electrochemical Calendar
Awards
ISE Fellows
Society Funds
New Books in Electrochemistry
ISE Data Protection Policy
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
- Members
In compliance with the European Commission directive on personal data protection
the International Society of Electrochemistry (ISE) has to change its operations to ensure that the privacy of the members personal data is not violated. This process has prompted a restructure of our data privacy policies as outlined below:
1)
The ISE collects and keeps record of the personal information of its members to ensure the members can enjoy fully the benefits of membership. This personal information includes the member's name, affiliation, e-mail and phone contact. This information is collected to ensure timely communication between the members, elected ISE officials and the ISE office to ensure that the members can exercise all membership benefits guaranteed by the ISE constitution and Bylaws.
2)
This communication includes:
a)
Dissemination of the information about ISE organized or ISE sponsored events like such as conferences, workshops etc..
b)
Distribution of ISE financial statements and reports of the ISE elected officials.
c)
Distribution of the credentials for electronic elections and approval of the ISE Budget and Financial Statement.
d)
Dissemination of news of general interest to the Society.
e)
Membership and/or registration dues records.
3)
Members can update/modify their personal information via their membership account.
4)
This personal information, or part of it, may be made available to the ISE active members in the ISE address book.
5)
The personal information is retained securely by the ISE and the ISE will not share it with third parties. The ISE may be forced to provide this information if compelled by law to do so.
6)
Unless otherwise requested by email to the ISE office, the ISE will keep electronic records of any expired membership for a period of 5 years.
7)
By paying the annual membership dues you provide an explicit consent to this data privacy policy.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
– Conference participants
1)
The ISE collects and keeps record of the personal information of its conference participants to ensure they can enjoy fully the benefits of the conference. This personal information includes the participants’ name, affiliation, e-mail and phone contact, the submitted abstract information and registration payment records. This information is collected to ensure timely communication with the particpants and for the conference program.
2)
Members can update/modify their personal information via their abstract submission account.
3)
ISE only keeps track of the payment type and does not retain any payment transaction record such as credit card accounts and bank accounts.
4)
The personal information is retained securely by the ISE and the ISE will not share it with third parties. The ISE may be forced to provide this information if compelled by law to do so.
5)
By paying the conference registration fees you provide an explicit consent to this data privacy policy.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
– ISE website
While maintaining and running the ISE website, the ISE collects the following technical information to improve its services and the user experience. The collected technical information cannot be used for the user identification and does not, therefore, constitute personal data in the sense of Data Protection 1998. The ISE, however, does not collect and maintain personal information allowing the identification for the access to
i) members’ portal gateway and
ii) to the meeting submission portal. There are separate privacy policies applicable to these situations.
The ISE website contains links to third-party websites and services. The ISE does not share any information with these servers and accepts no liability regarding the content or data protection policies of these sites.
Cookies
All ISE
sites use cookies to distinguish you from other users after login on an ISE site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. We only use (and store) non-essential cookies on your computer's browser or hard drive if you provide your consent.
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Except for essential cookies, all cookies will expire after 2 years.
Registration cancellation policy
Delegates with paid registrations who do not participate or who
cancel less than 30 days before the conference start will forfeit the full refund
of their registration fees. In the event of cancellation of participation in the ISE Meeting by the delegate, the registration fee will be
refunded according to the figures below. However, all processing cost
have to be covered by the registrant. Refunds are not given for
no-shows.
Registration fee refund
Until 30 days before Early Registration deadline: Full refund
Until Early Registration deadline: 50% refund
After Early Registration deadline: 30% refund
Later than 30 days before the conference start: No refund
(All refunds are minus bank and handling fees of at least Euro 25)
Liability
ISE is not liable for travel, health, accidents
or injury to delegates or damages caused by delegates while attending
and travelling to or from the meeting. Delegates are advised to carry
adequate personal insurance covering damages, travel and health.
Governing law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of Switzerland. You hereby submit to and agree
that the sole jurisdiction and venue for any actions that may arise
under or in relation to the subject matter hereof shall be the courts
located in Switzerland.
ISE Office contact: info@ise-online.org
Copyright © International Society of Electrochemistry   –    ISE Privacy Policy