http://www.aczonpharma.com/eng/privacy-policy-pa-152.html
This website uses profiling cookies to send advertising messages in line with your online navigation preferences and allows sending third-party cookies.If you continue browsing on the website you consent to the use of cookies. Learn more >>
Close
Privacy Policy
We use Analytic and Targeting cookies. A "cookie" is a small text file that websites send to a visitor's computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor's browser or to store information or settings in the browser. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website. Analytic cookies, also known as technical cookies, allow us to collect data relating to your use of the website, including the content on which you click while browsing the website. These cookies allow us to improve the performance and design of the website. Although analytic cookies may be provided our third party analytic tool provider, they are only used for purposes related to our websites.Targeting cookies, also known as profiling cookies, remember information regarding your use of the website so that we can serve promotional and other targeted information to you on our website. Click on the link for information on how you can opt out of targeting cookies:Internet ExplorerFirefoxGoogle ChromeSafariSome content or applications, including advertisements, on the website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's website.