http://www.prehistoricplanet.com/policy.php
HOME  |  NEWS  |  INTERACTIVES  |  FEATURES  |  STORE
New Bird-Like Dinosaur Related to Archaeopteryx
Three Feathered Tyrannosaurs Discovered
Woolly Mammoth DNA Adapted for Ice Age Survival
Rare Find: Three New Dinosaurs From Australia
Flute Belonged to Early Humans
Jurassic Dino Provides Clues to Bird Wing Evolution
Hobbit-Like Human Ancestor Found
Evolution Can Occur in Less Than Ten Years
Gigantic Trilobite Fossils Found in Portugal
Woolly Mammoth DNA Sequenced
Policies
PRIVACY POLICY:
We respect and are
committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect personally identifiable
information when you visit our site. We also automatically receive and record
information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address,
cookie information and the page(s) you visited. We will not sell or share your
personally identifiable information to anyone for any reason except to process a sale or comply with law enforcement agencies as required by law. Read more details below.
SECURITY POLICY:
Your payment and personal information is always
safe.  Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and
among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It
encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name,
and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
REFUND POLICY:
We offer a 30 Money
Back Guarantee on every sale unless otherwise noted. Please contact us within 30 days of purchase date to receive a full refund of your purchase price plus original shipping (return shipping will not be refunded). All refunds will be provided as a credit to the credit card used at the time of
purchase within five (5) business days upon receipt of the returned
merchandise.
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to
us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining
our online information practices and the choices you can make about the
way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to
find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where
personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This
notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the
Prehistoric Planet website. On some pages, you can order products, make
requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal
information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
(etc.)
On
some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example,
if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient,
you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance,
the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
(etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We
use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order
only to complete that order. We do not share this information with
outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else
when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery.
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the
extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift-cards by which you can personalize a
product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to
create a gift-card is only used for that purpose, and it is only
disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we
receive. Such addresses are not
shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to
receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and
services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for
this purpose unless you fill out the registration form or place an order. If you do order products from us, we may send you special offers (usually less than once a month), and you may choose not to receive these specials at any time.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to
better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example,
we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a
certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of
women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose
anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally
identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the
ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to
opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To
prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the
correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical,
electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting
the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason,
we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we
actually know are under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You
can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect
online and maintain by contacting us.
We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To
protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps
to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should
you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies,
please call us at 304-282-2306 or send us an email.
Advertisements
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when
you visit our website. These companies may use information (not
including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about
your visits to this and other websites in order to provide
advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you
would like more information about this practice and to know your
choices about not having this information used by these companies,
click here.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to
your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the
Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Roadside Geology of West Virginia book
Spinosaurus Skull, Life-Size Wall Relief Sculpture
Velociraptor slashing & killing claw
5.5 InchTyrannosaurus rex Tooth
Free Book Download:
Geologic History of West Virginia by Dudley H. Cardwell (1977)
>> Download the Book
HOME | NEWS | INTERACTIVES | FEATURES | ABOUT | CONTACT
PREHISTORIC PLANET
Your Source for Dinosaur and Fossil News and Information
Copyright 1999-2020 by PaleoClones, LLC. POLICIES. All rights reserved. Site by Stage 2 Studios.