http://www.dpsi.com/privacy/
Skip to content
PrivacyDPSI Admin2019-05-14T20:50:05-04:00
DPSI Privacy Statement
DPSI is committed to maintaining the trust of our users. This statement explains how we collect information from you and what we do with it.
Information Requests
Through its Web site, DPSI offers a variety of online resources, including product information, technical support, and event registration. In order for you to make full use of the resources on our site, we ask you to provide some basic information.
If you wish to receive news and information from DPSI, you can sign up for our mail list at no cost; you can also opt-out from our mailings at any time.
E-mail Promotions
Unless you opt out, we may use your DPSI registration information to send you periodic e-mails to tell you about new products, site updates, and events.
These e-mails may contain references to or messages from DPSI partners, but will only be sent by DPSI. We never provide or sell user names, e-mail addresses, or registration information to any outside organization.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that most Web sites, including DPSI’s, place on your computer. Cookies help us identify your interests. They also prevent you from having to register repeatedly on DPSI.
DPSI is not able, and does not wish, to use cookies to track your activities on the Web outside of our site. No cookie delivered by us will interfere with the operation of your computer.
Links
DPSI’s site contains links to other sites, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
Shared Information
Except as described above or as expressly stated at the time you provide information to DPSI, we do not provide individual information about you to others. DPSI may share information gathered from its users, in aggregate form, with others such as partners and resellers. No individual information is provided.
General Considerations
DPSI cannot guarantee that the information you provide to us is completely safe, although we are careful to try to prevent problems. There may be technical problems beyond our control that may make it accessible to unauthorized persons. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job — for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative — are granted access to personally identifiable information.
If DPSI is acquired, our user information will be included among the assets transferred to the buyer in the sale. There also may be occasions on which DPSI is required to provide information by order of a court or when the law requires that user information be treated as a transferable asset, as in bankruptcy. Internet-based commerce is dynamic and changing. We may change our privacy policy in the future in order to adjust to these changes. We recommend that you check it frequently.
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy or this Web site’s practices in general, e-mail the site’s Administrator, or send a letter to DPSI, attn Web Administrator, 1801 Stanley Road, Suite 301, Greensboro, NC 27407.
[ Placeholder content for popup link ]
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close
Go to Top