https://www.kinemetrics.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Kinemetrics’ Commitment to Online Privacy
Last updated: February 27, 2017
Your right to privacy is important. At Kinemetrics we believe that personal information you choose to furnish online should only be used to help us provide you with the highest quality of products, services and support. We display this Privacy Statement to make you aware of the information practices for Kinemetrics websites, including what type of information is gathered and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared. We may update our Privacy Statement from time to time to stay current with changes in our business and to better serve you. We encourage you to visit this page frequently to inform yourself of any changes.
This Privacy Statement covers Kinemetrics’ family of corporate websites, which include:
www.kinemetrics.com
www.kmi.com
www.metrozet.com
www.metrozetvbb.com
www.eqmet.net
www.q330.com
www.quanterra.com
These web sites are operated by Kinemetrics Inc. from its facilities in the United States.
Consent to Use and Transfer Personal Data
Please note that if you submit personal data through the Kinemetrics websites, you will send it to us (Kinemetrics Inc.), in the United States. We will collect, process and transfer your personal data in accordance with this Data Privacy Statement but possibly not in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which your reside. By submitting your personal data through a Kinemetrics web site you consent to Kinemetrics’ collection, use, storage and transfer of your personal data to our company databases and other repositories, wherever located, for the purposes for which it is submitted and in accordance with the policies set forth in this Privacy Statement.
Types of Data Collected Online
You can browse most of our web sites without entering any personal information. Only general, non-personally identifiable information that Kinemetrics logs from all site visits, such as Internet service provider, operating system/browser type, and pages accessed, will be collected in those instances. This means that a user’s session will be tracked, but the user will not be individually identified.
There are times, however, when we or our business partners (such as our external service providers identified below) may need information from you.
For example, you may choose to give us personal information when you:
Access or register for access on some of our websites.
Purchase products or services.
Register as a user of Kinemetrics products.
Make requests for materials, customer and other services, and product support, repairs and upgrades.
Subscribe to newsletters and online services.
Enter Kinemetrics-sponsored contests, sweepstakes and other promotions.
Create a user profile to receive future information, special offers and communications.
Apply to be considered for employment in connection with a job opening at Kinemetrics.
Register for a Kinemetrics User Conference.
At such times you may be asked to provide contact and billing information (e.g., your name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card number and expiration date), as well as information about the product or service purchased (e.g., product I.D., serial number, customer number, product version). Demographic or other personal information may also be requested, however, volunteering such information is optional. By providing the information to Kinemetrics you consent to our transfer of this information to our company databases and other repositories, wherever located.
Use of Data
Kinemetrics uses personal information collected on its websites for the purposes for which it is requested or as necessary or permissible under applicable law (e.g., in some jurisdictions we may have to keep invoices under tax laws). We also may use the information you provide to notify you later about new developments with respect to the products and services you have purchased or to inform you about new products, special offers and services offered by Kinemetrics, its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Kinemetrics Companies”) or its business partners. It is important to note that you may opt out of receiving further information from Kinemetrics, as discussed in detail below. We use non-personal information to analyze sales trend data as it relates to geography, time and demographics.
In connection with a job application or inquiry advertised on a Kinemetrics Website, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume or curriculum vitae. We may use this information throughout Kinemetrics and the Kinemetrics Companies for the purpose of employment consideration or your inquiry. Except where you tell us not to, we will keep the information for future consideration.
Specific uses of personal information that vary from this Privacy Policy (if any) may be found in the Terms of Use or Terms of Service or privacy policies applicable to a particular service, contest or promotion. To the extent that you are notified of potential uses of your personal information that are different from those described in this Privacy Policy during your service agreement with us or enrollment in a particular contest or promotion, the uses of information set forth in that agreement, contest or promotion will supersede this Privacy Policy. Please review carefully the Terms of Use, Terms of Service and privacy policies applicable to the service(s) that you have purchased or the contests or promotions for which you sign-up or in which you participate.
With Whom We Share Information
In the ordinary course of business Kinemetrics will not sell, trade or rent your individual identifying information to others absent your consent to do so. Kinemetrics may share the personal data you provide online with Kinemetrics Companies and as described below:
Affiliated Companies and Business Partners. We work together with affiliated companies and business partners who are acting on our behalf for the uses described above. For example, an external service provider listed below may host or operate an online Kinemetrics service, or process credit card transactions. When an affiliated company or one of our business partners is involved in a transaction with you, we may share personal identifying information related to this transaction.
Agents. We use agents to act on our behalf. For example, agents may fulfill orders, provide support, or organize sweepstakes. Agents are only given access to the information necessary to perform their functions and Kinemetrics requires that its agents keep confidential any personal identifying information disclosed to them.
Mergers and Reorganizations. In the event of a corporate reorganization, such as a merger, acquisition or sale or transfer of assets by Kinemetrics outside the normal course of business, customer information may be transferred to third parties.
Other Situations. Finally, Kinemetrics may release personal identifying information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of our user agreements (e.g., Kinemetrics website Terms of Use), or (iii) to protect the rights, property or safety of Kinemetrics, our website users, or others.
External Service Providers
The following external service providers collect information through our websites:
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a website statistics service that Kinemetrics uses to track our site activity including traffic sources, visitors’ information, their activity and sales. This helps us in understanding our audience and improving the customer experience on our sites. For further information about Google Analytics data privacy practices, please view its privacy policy at http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Active Campaign
Active Campaign provides a marketing platform that allows Kinemetrics to reach our customers, to understand how our customers interact with those communications and other content, and to customize marketing based on our customers’ interests. For further information about Active Campaign data privacy practices, please view its privacy policy at http://www.activecampaign.com/privacy-policy/
Links
Please note that our websites contain links to other sites. When you access a third party’s website, even one that may contain the Kinemetrics logo and content regarding Kinemetrics’ products and services, please understand that the website is independent of Kinemetrics. We do not control the privacy policies of any third party sites. If you click-through a banner ad or link to a third party site and submit your information, you will be subject to the privacy policies of those third parties. We assume no responsibility or liability for any third party policies or the actions of third parties. A link to a third-party website is not an endorsement.
Choice
Kinemetrics will not share personal identifying information provided to us online except as stated above without allowing you the opportunity of consenting to or opting out of such disclosures. When you place an order for Kinemetrics products, register as a user of Kinemetrics products, services or promotions, or when you submit a user profile you are given the opportunity of notifying us as to whether you would like to receive future information, special offers and communications via email. Additionally, at any time you can opt-out of receiving such further information from Kinemetrics by sending your opt-out request to privacy@kmi.com. Kinemetrics will use its best efforts to comply promptly with all such requests.
Cookies and Options for Controlling Use of Your Personal Information
Cookies are small pieces of information stored through your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Some Kinemetrics pages use cookies, sent by Kinemetrics or its third-party agents, to better serve you when you return to the site. If you prefer not to receive cookies you have the option of setting your browser to warn you before accepting cookies or to reject them altogether. If you do so, however, some areas of some sites may not function properly.
You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose personal information online in a public area, such information can be collected and used by others. We do not control the actions of our visitors and registered users. If you disclose personal information in a review, bulletin board or any other publicly accessible portion of a Kinemetrics website, you do so at your own risk and you understand that your submitted information may be collected and used by others to send you unsolicited messages or advertisements, or for other purposes. Please remember that protection of your privacy begins with you. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any password you use, and you should always be careful and responsible whenever disclosing information online. Although we will use commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard the privacy of your personal information, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. Kinemetrics assumes no liability for the disclosure of data due to errors in transmission or actions of unauthorized third parties. Kinemetrics cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our services.
How to Contact Us
If you have requests or questions in connection with this Privacy Statement you may contact us at privacy@kmi.com.
Newsletter Signup
Main Menu X
Products
Digitizers and Recorders
Quanterra Q330HRS
Quanterra Q330HR
Quanterra Q330S+
Quanterra Q330
Dolomite+
Packet Baler 44 (QB44)
Obsidian 4X
Accelerographs and Accelerometers
EpiSensor (ES-T)
EpiSensor (ES-U2)
EpiSensor 2 (ES-T2)
ETNA 2
Force Balance Accelerometer (FBA-3)
HypoSensor (FBA ES-DH)
iCOBI 3
Obsidian
SBEPI (Shallow Borehole EpiSensor)
SBEPI 2 (Shallow Borehole EpiSensor 2)
Broadband Sensors
MBB-2
STS-2.5
STS-5A
STS-6A
Specialized Systems and Devices
Aspen
Condor2
Marmot
OASIS
Slate
VIE
Software
Antelope
Rockhound
SMA
PSD
NMS
Seismic Triggers
MitiGator+
MitiGator+IND
Clearance Items
Solutions
Seismology
Earthquake Early Warning Systems
High-Availability Data Centers and Situation Room
Permanent Seismic Networks
Portable Seismic Networks
Earthquake Engineering
Building Code Compliance
California Strong Motion Instrumentation Program (CSMIP)
Seismic Risk Governance
Structural Health Monitoring
Industry
Dams
Geothermal
Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) Plants
Nuclear Power Plants
Oil and Gas
Vibration Monitoring
Business Continuity Solutions
OasisPlus
Performance Based Engineering Services
Services
Portfolio
Support
About Us
Our Story
Our Vision
Our Divisions and Partners
Upcoming Events
Upcoming Webinars
News
Careers
Contact
Search