http://www.battelle.org/site/privacy-policy
arrows
arrow-right
arrow-left
menu
search
rss
youtube
linkedin
twitter
facebook
instagram
arrow-play
linkedIn
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. By continuing to browse our
site without changing your settings, you are agreeing to accept all cookies on the site.
Continue
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyThe site www.battelle.org, as applicable (a "Site"), is brought to you by Battelle. “Battelle”, or “we” or “us” refers to Battelle our affiliates, subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures and other corporate entities
under common ownership and/or any of their agents, consultants, employees, officers and directors. This Privacy Statement describes the types of information we collect on the Site, how we use it, and the circumstances under which we may disclose it.
By accessing the Site on any computer, mobile phone, tablet, or other device, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to this Privacy Statement, please do not use the Site.  We may modify this Privacy Statement at any time and will post the current version on the Site. We encourage you to periodically review our Privacy Statement to stay informed about how we are using the information we collect.  Personal Data, DefinedFor purposes of this Statement, ‘personal data’ means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly,
in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of
that natural person.Information We Collect and How We Collect ItInformation You ProvideIf you choose to provide us with personal data, we may use that information for the purpose you provided it.  In some jurisdictions, individuals may have the right to withdraw consent from certain uses. If you reside in such jurisdictions, you may
have additional rights which are detailed in the section entitled “How to Access, Update and Manage Your Information.”Information We Collect AutomaticallyWhen you visit the site, we may automatically collect and store certain data that cannot not identify you personally. Such data may include:Internet Protocol (IP) address;Type of browser and operating system accessing our Website;Date and time you accessed the website;Pages on the website you access;The address of a referring website (if linked from a third party);Cookies; andWeb beacons.In addition, we may collect information about your browsing behavior, such as the date and time you visit the Site, the areas or pages of the Site that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the Site, the number of times you return to the Site
and other clickstream data. We may also use non-personal or aggregated information for statistical analysis, research, and other purposes. How We Use the Information We CollectWe primarily use the information that we collect to provide you with information, products, and services.  Specifically, we may use the information we collect from, and about, you (including your personal data) for any of the following purposes:To fulfill your requests for our products and services;To respond to your inquiries;To operate, improve and optimize the site, our business or our services;To review site usage and operations;To address problems with the site, our business or our services; To protect the security or integrity of the site and our business; To monitor the site for compliance with our terms and conditions and the law; To notify you of new services, updates, newsletters and other informational and promotional materials from us;To comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or others, and to enforce our agreements with third parties; andTo conduct research.With Whom We Share Your InformationWith Your ConsentWe may disclose information collected from, and about, you (including your personal data) with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Battelle with your express consent. We may share aggregate, non-personal data about Site users with third
parties.  For External ProcessingWe may disclose information collected from, and about, you (including your personal data) with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Battelle to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Statement and
any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.  Such disclosures may be madeTo our related companies and service providers, to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us; andTo our marketing partners, advertisers, or other third parties.For Legal ReasonsWe may share information collected from, and about you (including your personal data) with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Battelle if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably
necessary to:Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;Respond to legal process (such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order);Enforce our terms of service, including investigation of potential violations;Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; orProtect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Battelle, third parties, our customers, or the public as required or permitted by law.We may disclose your personal data with another entity to:Outsource a legitimate business function;Confirm or update information you provided;Notify you of events, and information about our services;For other purposes, if disclosed at or before we collected the information; andTo comply with a legal obligation.In Connection with a Sale or Merger of BattelleIf Battelle undergoes a business transition (including proposed transactions), like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part its assets, we may disclose or transfer information collected from, and about, you (including your personal
data), to the successor organization in the transition. We will make reasonable efforts to let you and other players know (in the way described in the section entitled “Changes to This Privacy Statement”) of the business transition before
transferring your personal data.How Long We Keep Your InformationHow long we retain your information depends on why we collected it and how we use it. We will not retain your personal data for longer than is necessary for our business purposes or for legal requirements (unless otherwise provided in agreements between
you and Battelle). How to Access, Update and Manage Your InformationAccess, Correction, and DeletionWe respect your right to access and correct your personal data. You may exercise your rights, subject to applicable laws, to request that we delete or restrict access to your personal data. We may need to retain certain records, for example those relating
to inquiries or customer service matters, for legal and accounting purposes and this will be explained to you if necessary.If you need assistance correcting or updating your personal data, please contact us using the contact information detailed in the “Contact Us” section below.  Opting Out of Promotional Emails If you do not wish to receive communications from us about updates and services, you can opt-out of receiving these communications by following the instructions contained in the messages you receive. Even if you opt-out of receiving these messages, we
reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the services we provide, and we may send you service announcements and administrative messages. We do not offer you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving those communications.Cookie TrackingWe use cookies, pixel tags, and other digital markers on our websites. A cookie is a very small piece of information in the form of a text file placed on your computer. A pixel tag is a small image file that allows us to know that you
have visited one of our pages. These digital markers allow us and our service providers to recognize that you have previously visited our website.Website PerformanceWe use cookies to create aggregated statistics on visitors to our websites and their browsing behavior. We use this information to understand what portions of our website are relevant to visitors and to make improvements.This Website uses
a web analytics tools provided by SalesFusion, Oktopost, HotJar and Google Analytics.SalesFusion. Salesfusion collects and uses personal information to operate Salesfusion websites, respond to inquiries and requests, distribute administrative information, and to deliver services in a personalized and tailored manner. Salesfusion
may also use personally identifiable information to send marketing communications, including information on products or services available from Salesfusion and its affiliates, contests or promotions, or business and industry insights. Click here to read the SalesFusion privacy policy.Oktopost. The Personal Information collected (i.e. information that may allow the identification of the User) includes information voluntarily submitted by the User, including the Users' name and email address, phone number, billing
address and certain payment information (e.g. credit card's expiration date and last four digits, etc.). Oktopost may also collect Personal Information from your device, such as your IP address. View the full Oktopost privacy policy here.HotJar. Hotjar may collect and process information which is automatically and passively collected, whilst You navigate through and interact with the content on a Hotjar Enabled Site, together with information on Your device or computer
(such as cookies). Read the HotJar privacy policy here.Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses cookies to measure user-interactions on our Website. It uses first-party cookies to (i) determine which domain to measure, (ii) distinguish unique users, (iii) throttle the request rate, (iv)
remember the number and time of previous visits, (v) remember traffic source information, (vi) determine the start and end of a session, and (vii) remember the value of visitor-level custom variables. You can view Google Analytics privacy policy and a description of how Google Analytics uses cookies.AdvertisingOnline behavioral advertising describes a broad set of activities companies engage in to collect information about your online activity (like webpages you visit) and use it to show you ads or content they believe to be more relevant to you. Our service
providers use cookies and digital markers to assist us with our advertising programs. If you prefer not to receive any further communications, please email. Opting Out of Cookie TrackingLike many commercial websites, we analyze how visitors use our Site through what is known as "cookie" technology. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer when you access the Site and allows us to recognize you each time you visit
the Site. We may use cookies to:Monitor Site usage;Manage the Site; andImprove the Site and our services. If you choose, you can set your browser to reject cookies or you can manually delete individual or all of the cookies on your computer by following your browser’s help file directions. However, if your browser is set to reject cookies or you manually
delete cookies, you may have some trouble accessing and using some of the pages and features that are currently on our Site, or that we may put on our Site in the future. Note that browser-management tools for cookies are outside of our control and
we cannot guarantee their effectiveness. You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer or limit the type of cookies you allow. If you disable cookies, you may lose some of the features and functionality of the Site because Battelle cookies are necessary to track and enhance the Site and our services.Security of Your InformationWe maintain reasonable and appropriate measures designed to maintain information we collect in a secure manner. We have taken certain physical, electronic, and administrative steps to safeguard and secure the information we collect from Site visitors.
Even though we follow reasonable procedures to try to protect the information in our possession, no security system is perfect and we cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your information will be secure in all circumstances. Our Policies Concerning ChildrenWe do not intentionally gather Personal Data about Users who are under the age of 13.  If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such data from our records.Third Party WebsitesThe Site may contain links to third-party websites, such as social media sites like Facebook and Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, etc. which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the activities and practices that take
place on these websites. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy statement posted on any external site before disclosing any personal data. Please contact those websites directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.
Visitors from Outside the United States—Cross-Border TransferThe Site is hosted in the United States. If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, your information may be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States or other countries in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
The data protection and other applicable laws of the United States or other countries may not be as comprehensive as those laws or regulations in your country or may otherwise differ from the data protection or consumer protection laws in your country.
Your information may be available to government authorities under lawful orders and law applicable in such jurisdictions. By using the Site and/or providing personal data to us, you consent to transfer of your information to our facilities as described
in this Privacy Statement. Contact UsIf you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement or how we collect and use the information of our customers, please contact Battelle at privacy@battelle.org. Our postal address is:BattelleAttn: Privacy Officer505 King AvenueColumbus, Ohio 43201If we need, or are required, to contact you concerning any event that involves your information, we may do so by email, telephone, or mail.Compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)In addition to the notice provided above, the following notice applies to EU data subjects. In the event there is a conflict between the two, this section shall take precedence. The Types of Personal Data That We Collect:Personal data that you provide to us;Internet Protocol (IP) address;Type of browser and operating system accessing our Website;Date and time you accessed the website;Pages on the website you access;The address of a referring website (if linked from a third party);Cookies; andWeb beacons.In addition, we may collect information about your browsing behavior, such as the date and time you visit the Site, the areas or pages of the Site that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the Site, the number of times you return to the Site
and other clickstream data. We may also use non-personal or aggregated information for statistical analysis, research, and other purposes.Purposes for the Processing of Personal Data; Legal BasisWe primarily use the information that we collect to provide you with information, products, and services.  Specifically, we may use the information we collect from, and about, you (including your personal data) for any of the following purposes:To fulfill your requests for our products and services;To respond to your inquiries;To operate, improve and optimize the site, our business or our services;To review site usage and operations;To address problems with the site, our business or our services; To protect the security or integrity of the site and our business; To monitor the site for compliance with our terms and conditions and the law; To notify you of new services, updates, newsletters and other informational and promotional materials from us;To comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or others, and to enforce our agreements with third parties; andTo conduct research.Battelle has determined that the foregoing uses represent a legitimate interest of the company to advance its products, services, and business relationships.With Whom We Share Your InformationWe may disclose information collected from, and about, you (including your personal data) with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Battelle to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Statement
and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.  Such disclosures may be madeTo our related companies and service providers, to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us; andTo our marketing partners, advertisers, or other third parties.We may also share information collected from, and about you (including your personal data) with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Battelle if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information
is reasonably necessary to:Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;Respond to legal process (such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order);Enforce our terms of service, including investigation of potential violations;Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; orProtect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Battelle, third parties, our customers, or the public as required or permitted by law. We may disclose your personal data with another entity to:Outsource a legitimate business function;Confirm or update information you provided;Notify you of events, and information about our services;For other purposes, if disclosed at or before we collected the information; andTo comply with a legal obligation.Your Access and ChoicesFor questions about the collection personal data by Battelle, or to exercise the right to access, correct, update, or delete such data or object, for legitimate purposes, to the processing of personal data, as provided under applicable law, please
contact Battelle at privacy@battelle.org. Our postal address is: BattelleAttn: Privacy Officer505 King AvenueColumbus, Ohio 43201There may be cases where restrictions on the amount of data that can be disclosed to data subjects under applicable law (for example, if that would necessarily involve disclosing data about another person). Battelle is permitted to withhold some types
of personal data in certain circumstances, subject to applicable local law requirements.  If there is a dispute, please contact the Battelle privacy manager at the above address.  In addition, data subjects have the right to lodge a
complaint with a supervisory authority.  Within the United Kingdom, you may obtain more information about how to protect your rights and lodge a complaint by contacting the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, see https://www.gov.uk/data-protection/make-a-complaint.
Transfer of Personal Data to a Third Country; Appropriate SafeguardsPersonal data collected by Battelle may be stored or processed in the United States or in any other country where Battelle or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or third-party service providers maintain facilities. EU data subjects who provide personal
data to Battelle consent to the processing and transfer of that data to the United States and around the world. Battelle may execute agreements with third parties for the transfer of personal data outside of the EU using European Commission-approved
Standard Contract Clauses and/or employ additional appropriate safeguards.