http://www.co.multnomah.or.us/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Multnomah County
Previous
Pause
Next
The Multnomah County Elections Division conducts all local, city, county, state and federal elections for the citizens of Multnomah County.
Site
Multnomah County is committed to building equity and justice in our community by transforming systems, affecting policies, meeting the needs of overlooked communities and making strategic investments.
Site
Multnomah County is responding to the COVID-19 pandemic. Protect yourself and slow the spread.
Site
Updates on warming and winter shelters
Page
Are you a Multnomah County resident unable to pay rent because of COVID-19? If you answered yes to any of these questions, then you may be eligible for the COVID-19 CARES Rent Relief Program (CVRRP).
Page
Learn about board meetings, sign up to testify or submit testimony, and watch meetings. The Board considers and votes on County business on Thursdays at 9:30 a.m. Briefings are held on Tuesdays at 10.
Livestream meetings
Page
Information and resources about student healthcare, learning supports and child safety, and household financial support for families with children learning from home during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Site
503-988-4888
Toll-free: 800-716-9769
Hearing-impaired dial: 711
24/7 crisis counseling by phone, with interpretation services for non-English speakers.
County service
Aging, Disability, & Veteran Services is looking for input from older adults to share thoughts and opinions related to your experience living in Multnomah County.
Page
A place for county employees and residents to report suspected fraud, abuse of position, and misuse of county resources.
Report online
County service
Bring your skills to Multnomah County and help us lead the way in public service. Learn about our challenging career opportunities and the benefits of working with us.
Site
Multnomah County's project to renovate a building at 333 SW Park Avenue to be a behavioral health resource center is in the design phase.
Page
Frequently Asked Questions about what is happening with the Multnomah County Campaign Finance Charter Amendment passed by voters in November 2016.
Page
County Chair and Commisioners
Deborah KafouryCounty Chair
Sharon MeieranCommissioner, District 1
Susheela JayapalCommissioner, District 2
Jessica Vega PedersonCommissioner, District 3
Lori StegmannCommissioner, District 4
Jennifer McGuirkAuditor
Michael ReeseSheriff
Mike SchmidtDistrict Attorney
Most Requested Services
Marriage Licenses
Public Records Requests
Primary Care Clinics
Pay Property Taxes
Locating Records
Property Records Websites
STD Services
Dental Clinics
Mental Health Crisis Intervention
Syringe Disposal
Information about the population, geography, cities, employees and functions of Multnomah County.
Page
Want to know what Multnomah County district you live in? Type your address in to our interactive map to find out.
Page
Recent News
Joint Office opens 24-hour winter shelter in Old Town's former Greyhound Station
Multnomah County partners with community organizations to get CARES Act business relief out quickly, equitably
Multnomah County directs funds to East County food pantry
Multnomah County, Rosewood Initiative partner on free flu shot clinic Dec. 8
Two Juvenile Services staff test positive for COVID-19,
no youth exposed
All news
1573