https://www.syngenta-us.com/legal/privacypolicy.html
Privacy Statement
Introduction.This site is managed by Syngenta Crop Protection, LLC (Syngenta) - the “data controller”.
Your privacy is important to us.
Syngenta has therefore developed this privacy statement (this “Statement” or “Privacy Statement”) to inform you how Syngenta collects, stores, uses and processes the personal data and information you provide us through this website.
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Scope of this Statement.
This Statement covers the personal data and information (hereinafter “Personal Information”) we collect through this site.
Personal Information is data that identifies you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us.
Examples of Personal Information include your name, address, email address, tax identification number, if applicable, and the information you provide when you use our site to create an account or a personal profile.
Your Consent.
By using this site you are accepting the practices described in this Statement (including the Cookies Policy available on this site).
If you do not agree to this Statement or the Cookies Policy, please do not use this site.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Statement or the Cookies Policy at any time.
Any changes will be posted in this Statement or the Cookies Policy and material changes will generally apply only to activities and information collected on a going forward basis.
We encourage you to regularly review this Statement and the Cookies Policy to make sure you are aware of any changes and how your information may be used.
What Personal Data and Information Do We Collect Through Our Site?
Personal Information refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. Personal Information is requested when you order a service, register for an account and send us feedback. For example, this information might include your name, address (both billing and registered), email address, industry and product details, and credit card or other payment information. Such information may be held on our contacts and administration databases either because of the work we have done with you or are currently engaged in, or because we believe you might be interested in receiving material from us about our business, products, programs and services. This allows us to manage our relationship with you efficiently, improve our site and the services which we offer to you and to target items of interest we may send to you.
Non-personal identifiable information refers to information that is statistical in nature only and that does not, by itself, allow to identify a specific individual or entity, and which depends upon the visiting you do on the site. For example, this information may include the domain from which you access the internet, the date and time you access the site, and the internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the site. This information is used in an aggregate form to make the site more useful and attractive to its users.
Agreements governing your use of special features and password-protected areas.
This site may include special features and password-protected areas. When you sign up to use a special feature or password-protected area, you may be asked to agree to special terms governing your use of the special feature or password-protected area. In such cases, you will be asked to expressly consent to the special terms, for example, by checking a box or clicking on a button marked "I agree." This type of agreement is known as a "click-through" agreement. If any of the terms of the click-through agreement are different than the terms of this Statement, the terms of the click-through agreement will supplement or amend this Statement, but only with respect to the matters governed by the "click-through agreement."
Cookies and similar technologies.
We use "cookies" and other web technologies to collect information and support certain features of our sites. “Cookies” provides us with information about the ways visitors use our sites – which pages they visit in what order, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page
We do this to:
analyze and improve the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns;
support and enhance the features and functionality of our sites – for example, to save you the trouble of reentering information already in our database or to prompt the settings you established on previous visits to our sites; and
personalize your experience when you use our sites.
Generally, the information we collect using these web technologies does not identify you personally.
If, however, you have created a user identity, for example, by signing up to use a password-protected area on one of our sites, we may link the information we collect using web technologies to other information that identifies you personally.
If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. You may also delete our cookies as soon as you leave a site. Although you are not required to accept our cookies when you visit our sites, if you set your browser to reject cookies, you will not be able to use all of the features and functionality of our sites.
Please see the Cookies Policy on this site for more details.
How does Syngenta use your Personal Information?
Generally, we use the Personal Information we collect through our site:
To provide the products, information and services you request from us
For security, credit or fraud prevention purposes or any other legal obligation;
To contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you where you have given us permission to do so.
Based upon a legitimate interest we have:
To provide you with effective customer service;
To provide you with a personalized experience when you use our site;
To display personalized advertising when you visit our site;
To contact you with information and notices related to your use of our site;
To invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us;
To better understand your needs and interests;
To improve the content, functionality and usability of our site;
To improve our products and services;
To improve our marketing and promotional efforts; and
For any other purpose identified in an applicable privacy notice or other agreement between Syngenta and you.
How does Syngenta share my Personal Information?
Service providers. We share Personal Information with companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf, for example, companies that provide support services to us (such as credit card processing services, data storage services, and web hosting services) or that help us market our products and services (such as third-party e-mail marketing companies). These third parties are required by contract to use the Personal Information we share with them only to perform services on our behalf and to take commercially reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality and security of your Personal Information.
Within Syngenta. We may share the Personal Information we collect through our Site within Syngenta or with other affiliates of Syngenta for cross-marketing and other purposes. If you do not want us to share your Personal Information with another member of the Syngenta family of businesses you may "opt-out" at any time by sending an email or writing to our data privacy officer – see the contact details on this page.
Business transfers. Your Personal Information may be transferred to a company that has acquired the stock or assets of Syngenta, one of its affiliates, or one of our businesses, for example, as the result of a sale, merger, reorganization or liquidation. If such a transfer occurs, the acquiring company's use of your Personal Information will still be subject to this policy and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us.
Compliance with laws and protection of our rights and the rights of others. We may disclose Personal Information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose Personal Information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce or apply our online terms of use or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.
Aggregate information. We may share aggregated demographic or survey information with third parties, but this information is in anonymous form and does not contain any Personal Information. The aggregate information that we share may include anonymous information that is captured through the use of cookies and other similar tracking technology, as explained in the section entitled “cookies and similar technologies.”
As described in a privacy notice. We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as described in any additional privacy notice posted on the web page (or area) where you provide that information. By providing your Personal Information on that web page you will be consenting to the disclosure of your Personal Information as described in that privacy notice.
As described in a click-through agreement. We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as described in any click-through agreement to which you have agreed.
Your choices
In General
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose your Personal Information. In most cases, we will ask you to indicate your choices at the time we collect your Personal Information. We will also include an "opt-out" link in newsletter or promotional email we send you so that you can inform us that you do not wish to receive such communications from us in the future. If you have created an account or a personal profile on our site, you may be able to update some or all of your privacy choices by changing the settings on your account settings or profile page.
Direct marketing
Before we use your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes (or permit our affiliates to do so), we will offer you the opportunity to choose whether to have your information used in this way. If at any time you wish to be taken off our direct marketing mailing lists, please send an email or write to our Global Data Protection Officer– see the contact details on this page. Please provide your full name, address and email address so that we can find you on our mailing lists. Once we have the information we need, we will remove you from our mailing lists. Please give us a reasonable amount of time to honor your request.
Sharing your personal information..
Please review the section entitled "how does Syngenta share my Personal Information?" to learn how we share your Personal Information with third parties and what choices you have.
How can you exercise your rights in relation to your Personal Information?
We strive to maintain a high level of transparency about the data we process. As regards our processing of your Personal Information described in this Statement, you have the following rights:
To confirm Syngenta is processing your Personal Information, to get access to or receive a copy of the Personal Information we may have about you;
To require us to rectify or update any inaccurate Personal Information, or complete any incomplete Personal Information;
To require us to delete or erase your Personal Information;
To restrict our processing of your Personal Information;
To require us to transmit certain of your Personal Information to you or to transfer or have the information
transferred to another data controller (data portability); and
•	To require that we stop processing your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes. Subject to other legitimate interests which we may be able to rely on (e.g. in the context of legal claims pending or threatened against us), we will then no longer be allowed to process your Personal Information
If you wish to exercise any of your above rights, you can contact us at no cost by sending an email to the Global Data Protection Officer – see the contact details on this page.
We will respond to your reasonably specified request as quickly as possible after validating the request.
We will without undue delay modify your Personal Information if we agree that it is either inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, after taking into account the purposes for which it was collected. If we correct it and had previously disclosed it to a third party, we will also notify that third party if required to by law.
If we disagree with your request to correct your Personal Information, we will explain the reason for refusal and the ways you can complain.
How long does Syngenta store your Personal Information?
We intend to keep your Personal Information accurate and up-to-date. We do not wish to store your Personal Information for any longer than necessary for the relevant purposes in relation to the use of our Website. How long we need to keep your Personal Information depends on the purpose for which we collect it, and therefore there is no standard retention period. Thus, the retention period may vary depending on the circumstances. For other legal reasons, e.g. in the context of legal claims, we may need hold Personal Information beyond the term required to meet the defined purpose for which they were collected in the first place. However, in these cases we will no longer actively process the Personal Information for the originally specified purpose.
Should you wish to obtain more information on where and how long your Personal Information is stored, and on your right of erasure please contact our Global Data Protection Officer – see contact details on this page
How does Syngenta protect Personal Information?
We maintain a comprehensive data security program, including commercially reasonable administrative, physical and technological security measures, to protect Personal Information from unauthorized access, unauthorized use, and unauthorized or accidental destruction, modification or disclosure. Although we take commercially reasonable precautions to provide an appropriate level of security, we cannot guarantee the security of Personal Information provided over the internet or stored in our databases.
Links to other Syngenta websites
This Site may contain hyperlinks to other websites operated by Syngenta or other Syngenta entities ("Other Syngenta Website(s)"). These Other Syngenta Websites are separate and distinct websites. Each serves a different purpose. Each Other Syngenta Website is therefore governed by its own terms of use and its own privacy statement. If you access Other Syngenta Websites through links on this site, please take a few minutes to review the terms of use and privacy statement posted on each Other Syngenta Website you visit.
Links to other web sites
This site may contain links to web sites operated by other companies, including websites operated by our third-party service providers, our affiliates, and other third parties. This Statement does not apply to Personal Information collected on any of these third-party web sites. When you access third-party web sites through a link on this site, please take a few minutes to review the privacy policy posted on that site.
Children
Our Site is not directed nor targeted to children under the age of 13. We do not use our Site to knowingly solicit Personal Information from, or market to, children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, do not provide us with any Personal Information. If we learn that someone under 13 has provided Personal Information through one of our sites, we will use reasonable efforts to remove such Personal Information from our databases.
Special notice for visitors who reside outside the United States
Syngenta uses web servers and stores data in Switzerland, France, the United States or in other countries. We may transfer your Personal Information to our service providers and others located in Switzerland, France, the United States or other countries for the purposes described in this Statement. Different countries have different privacy laws and requirements, and some provide less legal protection for your personal information than others.
Please know, however, that no matter where your Personal Information is collected or processed, if it was collected through this Site, we will ensure that it is protected by the terms of this Statement and any privacy notices or click-through agreements that apply to you.
By using this site, you are consenting to the collection, use, and transfer of your Personal Information in or to the United States or any other country in the world.
Governing law & Jurisdiction
This Statement is governed under the laws of Delaware without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. The United States District Court for the District of Delaware, Wilmington, Delaware, shall have exclusive jurisdiction for any claims relating to these Statement.
Questions, concerns and complaints concerning our privacy practices
Should you have any question or concern on how Syngenta utilizes your Personal Information, you can contact our Global Data Protection Officer – see the contact details on this page.
You also have a right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (in particular in the State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement).
Requests:
To exercise your privacy rights:
To know what personal information is collected about you through this site;
To access any personal information collected about you;
To Opt out of the sale of your personal information;
The return of any personal information collected about through this site;
The deletion of any personal information collected about you through this site
Contact the Global Data Privacy Officer: data.privacy@syngenta.com
Read Google’s privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US.