http://www.m-vac.com/privacy-policy
Home
Why M-Vac
Markets
Products
News
About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyM-Vac® Systems is committed to protecting your privacy. At various locations on our site, you will be asked to provide information about yourself and your preferences. We do our best to ensure that all transfers of information are secure. Transfer of data to third parties: The information you submit and other information about our visitors or registrants will not be sold, rented, exchanged, transferred or otherwise disclosed to any party outside M-Vac® Systems. However, we reserve the right to disclose data to a law enforcement officer or in connection with any legal proceedings if we believe that such disclosure is required by law. Unsolicited Communications: We may use the information you provided to notify you about products and services which may be of interest to you, to ask for your participation in surveys and to keep you informed about forthcoming events and promotions. You can opt-out of receiving future communications like these by contacting the Sandy office as indicated on the "contact us" page and asking us to remove your name from our mailing list. For your security, we reserve the right at all times to contact individuals if evidence of account tampering or improper account activity is discovered.Cookies: Like many web sites, we make use of browser "cookies" to enable you to navigate around the site. None of the cookies we use enable third parties to access any of your information. HyperlinkingThis site contains links that allow the user to leave this site and access third-party material or bring the third-party material into this site via "inverse" hyperlink technology (a "linked site"). M-Vac® Systems has no discretion to alter, update, or control the content on a linked site. The fact that M-Vac® Systems has provided a link to a site is not an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or affiliation with respect to such site, its owners, or its providers. M-Vac®
Systems is not responsible for the content on a linked site or for any communications between you and such third parties. If you wish to link your site to our site, you may do so provided you observe the following: You must use a text link clearly marked "M-Vac® Systems"; You must not use "framing", so your link should not create a browser or border environment around the web site content; and The appearance, position or context of your link must not misrepresent your relationship with M-Vac® Systems or bring M-Vac® Systems into disrepute.M-Vac® Systems reserves the right to alter these guidelines or to notify its withdrawal of consent to any individual link at any time. Disclaimer of Warranty, Remedy and LiabilityYour use and access of this Web site is at your own risk. Microbial-Vac Systems, or employees or agents involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Web site will not be liable, for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive or special loss or damages, arising out of your access to, visit of or use of the Web site. There is no warranty that your access to or use of this Web site will be uninterrupted or error free. M-Vac® Systems also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any loss or damages caused by any viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to or use of the Web site, or your downloading of any Materials, images, content, data, video or audio files, etc., from the Web site or any web sites linked to or from this Web site. There may or may not be technical inaccuracies or typographical errors contained in this Web site, and M-Vac® Systems will correct such items at its sole discretion as they are discovered. CopyrightCopyright © 2008-2009 by M-Vac® Systems Inc. All rights reserved. This information is subject to change without notice. No part of this site may be reproduced without express written permission from M-Vac® Systems, Inc. Requests for permission should be directed to our Sandy office.