https://www.intbau.org/cookie-policy/
International Network
for Traditional Building,Architecture & Urbanism
Founder & Patron:
HRH, The Prince of Wales
Info
About Us
Charter
Chapters
Members
Congress 2018
Engelsberg Summer School
Latest
Events
News
Resources
Documents
Institutions
Listings
Join & Support
Become a Member
Corporate
Academic
More …
Shop
Contact
Home >
Cookie Policy
1. About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website. They can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website, and to identify users returning to a website. Some cookies are necessary for the website to work e.g. to remember what’s in your shopping basket while others are used for administration, reporting and advertising purposes.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
2. Cookies on this website
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies on this website.
By continuing to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
3. Types of Cookies
Cookies can be grouped into four categories:
1. Strictly necessary cookies Strictly necessary cookies are essential to enable the user to move around the website and use its features. Without these cookies services that have been asked for, like online payments, cannot be provided.
2. Performance cookies Performance cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for example which pages visitors look at most often, and if they get error messages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All the information these cookies collect are accumulated and kept anonymous. These are only used to improve how a website works.
3. Functionality cookies Functional cookies support the use of the site and enable enhanced and personalised features. Some of these cookies are necessary to enable the user to move around the website without encountering any problems when using certain functionalities.
These cookies are used to allow the website to remember the choices a user makes (such as user name, language or the region the user is in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For example, a website may be able to provide local weather reports or traffic news by placing a cookie stating the region in which the user is currently located. These cookies can also be used to remember changes that have been made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that can be customised. The information these cookies collect can be anonymised; they cannot track browsing activity on other websites.
4. Targeting cookies Targeting cookies are used to deliver adverts relevant to the user and their interests. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember those that visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation. (INTBAU DOES NOT use targeting cookies at the time of publication)
4. How we use cookies
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
We may use the information we obtain from your use of our cookies for the following purposes:
(1) to recognise your computer when you visit our website;
(2) to improve the website’s usability;
(3) to analyse the use of our website;
(4) in the administration of this website;
(5) to personalise our website for you.
5. Do I need cookies?
Yes and No – depending on what sites you are using
If the user would like to restrict or block the cookies which are set by INTBAU, or any other website, this can be done by amending the browser settings. Most browsers can be configured to refuse cookies, or to provide a warning before they are accepted by a computer.  The help function within the browser should state how to configure it to refuse cookies or to alert the user when they are used.
However with that being said, cookies can have their advantages: in many cases they enhance the user experience on-line.  INTBAU uses cookies to enhance the on-line experience. Disabling cookies when using the website will mean that the user will not be able to enjoy and take full advantage of the website’s functionality and services.
More information about cookie management can be found at All About Cookies.
If you wish you can also opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites.
6. Use of cookies by INTBAU
The standard cookie policy for INTBAU’s website is to allow all cookies. The privacy and security of your personal information is very important to us. INTBAU are not saving or sharing any personal information about users through cookies.
Internal Cookies
Online Payment System (Functional Cookie)
Performance Cookies
(By using the INTBAU website, the user agrees that INTBAU can place these types of cookies on the device(s) that are being used to engage with the website)
Functionality cookies
INTBAU uses a range of external services within its website, such as Facebook and Twitter. These third party cookies are categorised as functionality cookies
At the time of publication (of this policy) INTBAU is aware that the following third party services make use of functionality cookies:
Facebook
Twitter
Woo Commerce (used with the INTBAU online shop)
By using the third party services listed above from the INTBAU website, you are likely to come into contact with the cookies that these providers make use of. These third parties provide details of how to opt out of using the cookies that they make use of, from their own websites.
Third party cookies
When you use our website, you may also be sent third party cookies, or service providers may send you cookies. They may use the information they obtain from your use of their cookies:
(1) to track your browser across multiple websites;
(2) to build a profile of your web surfing;
(3) to target advertisements which may be of particular interest to you.
Most cookies encountered when browsing this website are considered third party cookies. This simply means the web site has used a feature supplied by an external provider, such as Google Maps which sets the cookie. Third party cookies are not inherently more or less risky than first party cookies. The only thing to bear in mind is that the external provider, not us, determines what type of information is stored and how it is used.
7. Blocking cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:
(1) in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector
(2) in Firefox you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, and un-checking “Accept cookies from sites” in the “Privacy” box.
Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use the shopping basket on this website.
8. Deleting cookies
You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer:
(1) in Internet Explorer, you must manually delete cookie files;
(2) in Firefox, you can delete cookies by, first ensuring that cookies are to be deleted when you “clear private data” (this setting can be changed by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Settings” in the “Private Data” box) and then clicking “Clear private data” in the “Tools” menu.
Obviously, doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions about our cookies or this Cookie Policy, please contact us directly – INTBAU, 19-22 Charlotte Road, London EC2A 3SG; info@INTBAU.org
INTBAU UK GRATEFULLY ACKNOWLEDGES THE GENEROUS SUPPORT OF THE RICHARD H. DRIEHAUS CHARITABLE LEAD TRUST.