http://www.opticsexpress.org/submit/review/open-access-policy-statement.cfm
Expand this Topic
clickable element to expand a topic
Login or Create Account
This website uses cookies to deliver some of our products and services as well as for analytics and to provide you a more personalized experience. Click here to learn more. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies. We've also updated our Privacy Notice. Click here to see what's new.
Allow All Cookies
×
Learn more about our response to COVID-19 including information for authors, reviewers, readers, and librarians
« Back to Author Resource Home
Optics Express
James Leger, Editor-in-Chief
Journal Home
About
Issues in Progress
Current Issue
All Issues
Feature Issues
OSA Publishing is committed to the Society's mission to promote the generation, application and archiving of knowledge in optics and photonics and to disseminate this knowledge worldwide. Our journals publish quality, trusted scientific content, and we support sustainable models of access that enable the long-term provision of and access to that content for the widest audience possible.
OSA Publishing launched its first gold open-access journal, Optics Express, in 1997. More than twenty years on, our program offers a range of gold and green open access options as well as multiple copyright and licensing options.
Gold Open Access Publishing
Biomedical Optics Express, Optica, Optical Materials Express, Optics Express, and OSA Continuum are all gold open access journals. As a result of the authors paying an article processing charge (APC), all content published in these journals is freely available. Beginning with content published in September 2017, we allow users of our gold open access journals to read, download, copy, distribute, print, search, or link to the full texts of the articles, or use them for any other lawful purpose, without asking prior permission from OSA Publishing or the author. This is in accordance with the BOAI definition of open access. Authors may also opt to make their articles freely available in our hybrid journals, Applied Optics, Journal of the Optical Society A, Journal of the Optical Society B, Optics Letters, and Journal of Optical Communications and Networking.
Green Open Access Publishing
OSA Publishing also supports green open access publishing.
Authors who publish in one of our subscription journals are welcome to make their accepted manuscript available after a 12-month embargo period.
Licensing
OSA offers two open access licensing options for our authors; an open access publishing agreement, and, where required, CC BY licensing.
Read More
Fees and refund policy
OSA's open access journals are freely and widely available to all readers via OSA Publishing's Digital Library. In lieu of paid subscriptions, authors or their institutions pay an Article Processing Charge (APC) after their paper has been accepted for publication.
Read More
Posting and reuse policies
OSA's policies afford authors, their employers, and third parties the right to reuse the author's Accepted Manuscript (AM) or the final published Version of Record (VoR) of the article as outlined.
Read More
Article Deposit Policies
OSA assists authors in complying with several funder deposit requirements.
Read More
Manuscript Preparation
Journal Descriptions
Style Guides & Templates
LaTeX Instructions
OSA Optics and Photonics Topics
Supplementary Materials
Submission Checklist
Tips for Publishing Your Manuscript
Open Access Information
Open Access Statement and Policy
Open Access Pricing
Copyright Transfer and Licensing Information
Terms for Journal Article Reuse
OSA Article Deposit Policies
OSA Statement on Plan S
Publication Charges
Article Processing Charges (APCs)
Overlength Fees
Color Charges
Voluntary Charges
Optional Open Access
Editorial Policies & Procedures
Peer Review Process Step-by-Step
Ethical Guidelines
Copyright Transfer and Licensing Information
Editorial Policies
Expanded Conference Papers
Comments and Replies
Transfers
Conflicts of Interest Policy
Corrections and Retractions
Permissions & Reprints
Other Resources
Impact Factors
Journal Metrics Guide
Time to Publication Statistics
Language Editing
Production Process Step-by-Step
Home
To Top
My Favorites
Go to My Account
Login to access favorites
Recent Pages
×
Field Error
Ok
Select
as filters
Select Topics
Cancel
Journals
Conferences
By Year
By Name
Regional Sites
OSA Publishing China
Information for
Authors
Reviewers
Librarians
Open Access Information
Open Access Statement and Policy
Terms for Journal Article Reuse
Other Resources
OSAP Bookshelf
OIDA Reports
Optics & Photonics News
Optics ImageBank
Spotlight on Optics
Regional Sites
OSA Publishing China
About
About OSA Publishing
About My Account
Contact Us
Send Us Feedback
© Copyright 2020 | The Optical Society. All Rights Reserved
Privacy | Terms of Use
×
Login or Create Account
Please wait...
Email
Password
Forgot your password?
Remember me on this computer
Login
Cancel
Institutional Login (OSA participates in eduGAIN)
China CARSI Member Access
China CAoS Member Access
OSA Privacy Policy
Need help?