http://www.civnet.org/privacy-policy
Shop Subscribe Donate
Little Citizens Demonstrate Democratic Knowledge and SkillsPreschoolers in Bosnia and Herzegovina demonstrated their democratic knowledge and skills through art and role play at Civitas BiH’s 6th Little Citizens Showcase. LEARN MORECivitas BiH Holds Democracy Summer CampAlmost 400 students, teachers, trainers, and young artists gathered in Brcko, Bosnia and Herzegovina for the Civitas five-day summer camp from June 28 to July 2, 2017. Civitas BiH, the Center’s Civitas International Programs partner, organized the event, which included educational workshops, games and sports, and musical and artistic courses.  LEARN MOREChilean Students Develop Policy SolutionsMore than 500 seventh grade students in Santiago, Chile, developed policy-based solutions to local issues in a Project Citizen program with support from the U.S. Embassy.LEARN MOREMoroccan Youth Showcase Project CitizenStudents in the English Access Microscholarship Program in Morocco presented public policy proposals at a Project Citizen showcase event in Casablanca.LEARN MORE
Program Description
Program Impact
Sites and Partners
Resources
About
This site is brought to you by the Center for Civic Education. The Center's mission is to promote an enlightened and responsible citizenry committed to democratic principles and actively engaged in the practice of democracy. The Center has reached more than 30 million students and their teachers since 1965. Learn more.
Center for Civic Education
5115 Douglas Fir Road, Suite JCalabasas, CA 91302
Phone: (818) 591-9321
Email: web@civiced.org
Website: www.civiced.org
.
.
.
.
.
Links
Learn.civiced.org
Civics Forum
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Subscribe to Newsletter
Login
PAW
Civitas Program Description Sites and Partners Professional Development Impact Delegation Exchanges National Academy Partner-Led Events Research and Evaluation Regional Balkans
Indonesia
Thailand Annual Civitas Studies
Success Stories Partner Developed Studies	 Events
International Project Citizen Showcase Thematic Events Ireland Colombia Morocco Student Events	 Center-Led Events World Congress History Southeast Europe Regional Project Citizen Showcase and Human Rights Camp Kosovo Youth Leadership Summer Camp Project Citizen Showcases Highlights Resources Instructional Materials	 Project Citizen	 Foundations of Democracy We the People Adaptations Adaptation Process	 Adaptation Highlights	 Reference Materials	 Res Publica CIVITAS: A Framework for Civic Education	 Elements of Democracy	 American Legacy California Civic Education Scope & Sequence	 National Standards Partner Developed Materials	 Civitas Lessons on Democracy	 Project Citizen and Human Rights	 Civic-Link	 Active Classroom	 Africa Lessons	 Comparative Lessons	 Media News Featured Civitas International Programs Videos About Us Profiles of Staff	 Contact
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies. Read more about our Privacy Policy.I accept