http://www.coolmath.com/global-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Global Privacy Policy
Effective Date: May 9, 2018We value your trust and take your privacy and protection of user information seriously. Furthermore, we treat user information as private and confidential. This Privacy Policy describes how we treat user information collected via our website.What Information We Collect and How We Use User InformationThe information we collect will depend on how you use our website. We, or third party advertisers we partner with, may collect information about our visitors’ web browsers. This includes certain types of tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons.Tracking InformationWhen users access our website, we record general data about usage, including, but not limited to, IP addresses on a temporary basis, the name of the web pages from which users entered our Website, the pages users visit within our Website, and the amount of time users spend on each page of our Website. We use this tracking information to help administer and analyze our web traffic in order to make improvements to our site.Cookies “Cookies” are pieces of data sent from a Web server to a Web browser that helps the Web server to understand usage patterns on its Website.  We use cookies so that we can provide the user with a better experience. We use Google Analytics to help us analyze how visitors use the site.For example, we will collect the following cookies:first party cookies that are necessary for operating our websitefirst party cookies that tag certain user information (for example, distinguishing between whether the user is a first-time visitor or a returning visitor)third party cookies that help our ad partners display relevant adsAt your discretion, you may configure your web browser not to accept cookies from our website. However, if you do not accept cookies from our website, you may experience decreased performance of the website.To learn more about these tools and how you can control them, click here .Other Ways In Which We Use User InformationWe use user information to respond to your requests or questions. For example, we might use your information to respond to your feedback.We use user information to improve our products and services. We may use your information to make our website and services better. We might use your information to customize your experience with us.We use user information for security purposes. We may use information to protect our company, our visitors, and our websites.We use user information to communicate with you about our relationship. We may contact you about your feedback. We might also contact you about this Policy or our website terms.We use user information as otherwise permitted by law.Sharing and Retention of InformationWe will not disclose our current and former customers’ information to affiliated or non-affiliated third parties, except as permitted by law. We are not in the business of selling our current or former customers’ information. However, to the extent permitted by law, we will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf, as described below:Service ProvidersWe may work with service providers that we do not control in order to expand the information we are able to offer you on the website. We may engage other entities and individuals to assist us maintaining and providing the website, including assistance with processing subscription payments of our subscribers and other items as needed. These entities and individuals will only have access to user information to the extent necessary to perform their obligations to us.Law EnforcementWe will share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests. We might share information when we are investigating potential fraud.Other Third Parties and Instances of Sharing InformationWe may share information with any successor to all or part of our business.We may share information for other reasons we may describe to you.Your Choices About Sharing and Marketing PracticesYou can control certain cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we - and our vendors - use cookies and other tracking tools, please click here.We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can email us at privacy@Coolmath.comYou can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy. Please mark your inquiries "User Information Request." Parents, to learn more about how to protect children's privacy on-line, click here.Your Rights Related to Data Collection and Retention Because we are web-based service, we may collect user information for our business records and as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy. We will not retain user information  for longer than is necessary for the above purposes, or for legal or regulatory requirements.  When we destroy the information, we will use appropriate organizational and technical safeguards to prevent unauthorized parties from gaining access to the information during the process.This Policy may not constitute your entire set of privacy rights, as these may also vary from country to country. To be certain of your privacy rights, you can contact the appropriate agency in your country that is responsible for overseeing privacy rights of consumers. Certain local laws require us to maintain and report demographic information on the collective activities of our registered users. We may also be required to maintain user information user information for at least seven years in accordance with applicable local laws regarding recordkeeping, reporting and audits.This Policy is compliant with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR). As such, all individuals whose user information is held by Coolmath have the right to:ask what information Coolmath holds about them and why;ask for a copy of such information or access to such information;be informed how to correct or keep that information up to date; andbe informed on how Coolmath is meeting its data protection obligations.Furthermore, for data collected in the European Economic Area (EEA), data subjects have the right to:ask for a copy of such information to be sent to a third party;ask for data to be erased if possible and required under the GDPR;ask for processing of user information to be restricted if possible and required under GDPR;object to processing of user information if possible and required under GDPR;object to automated decision-making where applicable; andcontact a supervisory authority in the EEA to lodge a complaint regarding Coolmath’s processing of your personal data.Links to Other SitesIf you click on a link to a third party site, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that website. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party sites. Our site may also serve third party content that contains their own cookies or tracking technologies. We do not control the use of those technologies.Questions or ConcernsIf you have any questions or concerns about this policy, please email us at privacy@Coolmath.comYou can also write to us at: Coolmath-games.com, LLC, Attn: Legal Department, 122 East 42nd Street, Suite 1611, New York, NY 10168.Policy ChangesFrom time to time we may change our privacy policies. We will notify you of any material changes to our Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates.
Popular Topics
What's a Prime Number?
Converting Fractions to Decimals
Order of Operations
How to Multiply Decimals
Lines: Finding a Slope With Just Two Points
The Quadratic Formula
Solving 2x2 Systems of Equations
Graphs to Know and Love
Graphing Functions Easily
The Unit Circle in Trig
welcome to coolmath
We use first party cookies on our website to enhance your browsing experience, and third party cookies to provide advertising that may be of interest to you.
You can accept or reject cookies on our website by clicking one of the buttons below. Rejecting cookies may impair some of our website’s functionality.
Accept All Cookies
Accept First Party Cookies
Reject All Cookies
To understand more about how we and our advertising partners use cookies or to change your preference and browser settings, please see our Global Privacy Policy.