http://www.online-fire-safety-training.co.uk/company/privacy-policy/
Contact Us
About Us
Testimonials
Resellers
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
View our privacy policy here
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of Online Fire Safety Training Ltd.
This statement discloses the privacy policy for the Online Fire Safety Training Ltd’s network of sites, which encompasses the following URLs:    http://www.ofst.co.uk  http://www.online-fire-safety-training.co.uk
http://www.training.ofst.co.uk
and subdomains of these websites.
This statement does not extend to sites that are linked to Online Fire Safety Training Ltd sites but which are not part of the Online Fire Safety Training Ltd network. You should refer to those sites for further details about their use of your personal information.
Our postal address is:   Lintot House,
20 Fairbank Road,
Southwater,
West Sussex.
RH13 9LA
We can be reached via e-mail at info@ofst.co.uk
Online Fire Safety Training Ltd (“We”) commit ourselves to protecting and respecting your privacy when visiting our website.
This privacy policy sets out how we will process and use any personal data that you provide to us, or that we may collect as a result of visiting our websites. Please read the following information to understand our practices with regards to your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, the identity of our data controller shall be available upon enquiry by email.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Any information that you provide by filling in forms on our site. This includes provided information at the time of registering to use our site, posting material, requesting further services or subscribing to any service offered by us on the site. We might also request further information and if you should report a problem with our site.
We may keep a record of any correspondence if you should contact us.
Details of the resources you access and of your visits to our site
Details of transactions you may carry out through our site and of the completion of your orders.
Personal information
We collect information about you only when necessary to process an order. The type of information we collect includes:
your name
address
phone number
email address
credit/debit card details
We only retain the information we need to service your order (address, telephone number etc). You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly. The personal information which we hold is held securely in accordance with our security policy and the law.
Credit card details
Sensitive credit card details are entered only on a secure server. Credit card details are handled not by us but by PayPal, on their secure server with stringent security protection.  Your payment details are processed in real time so we have no need to — and we do not — retain your credit card details.
Emails
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, writing to us at the above address.
Calling us at the number provided above, writing to us at the above address.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, writing to us at the above address.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, financial information (e.g., credit card account information) that we maintain about them, unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them , a description of information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by writing to us at the above address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
EMAILS ENTERED ON OUR ONLINE TRAINING SYSTEM
We use email addresses as a unique identifier for our online training system to log into the training. We do not disclose these addresses to anyone and they are only used for online training purposes.
We may from time to time use them to contact specific users about their training if the user is experiencing problems or if there is a problem or upgrade to the whole system, however for system upgrades and technical problems we would usually filter information through the companies Fire Safety manager first.
IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
We may collect information about your computer; this is statistical data concerning your browsing actions and does not identify you individually. This information includes your IP address where available, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report collective information to our advertisers.
We may also collect information about your general internet usage using cookie files stored on the hard drive of all computers. The cookies contain valuable information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. In collecting this information we are able to improve our site and deliver a better and more personalised service.
You can refuse to accept cookies but note that in doing this you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. You can do this by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Any data that we collect from you may be stored at, and transferred to, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). This data may also be processed by staff that operates outside the EEA working us or one of our suppliers. In submitting your personal data, you agree to such a transfer and the storing and processing of this data. To ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy we will endeavour to take all reasonable necessary steps in protecting your privacy.
We will do our best to protect your personal data, unfortunately, the transmission of information over the internet is not entirely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to our sites. Any transmission of data is at your own risk.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use the information held about you in the following ways:
To notify you of any changes to our service.
To ensure that the content of our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer.
Where you have consented to be contacted, to provide you with the information, products and services requested from us or in the event that we feel will be of interest to you.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, should you choose to do so.
In allowing ourselves to carry out our obligations concerning any contracts entered into between you and us.
We may also use your data to inform you and provide information on goods and services that may be of interest to you.
We do not disclose information which will identify individuals to our advertisers. We may however provide them with collective information about our users. We may also use collective data to help our advertisers reach their target audience. The data collected may also be used by us in order to comply with our advertiser’s wishes in displaying their advertisement to their target audience.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
To the prospective buyer or seller of any business or assets in the event that we sell or buy.
If we are under a duty to comply with any legal obligation to disclose or share your personal data. To protect the rights, property and safety of our customers or others, or to enforce our terms of use for the site. For the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction this may include exchanging information with other companies and organisations.
We do not and will not sell your information to any third party agencies, or provide it to third party marketing agencies. All information provided to us is done so in confidence.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
From time to time our site may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you visit any of these sites please note that they have their own privacy policies and you should check these before submitting any personal data. We cannot accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
In accordance with the Act you can exercise the right to access any information we hold about you. [Any request may be subject to a fee of  £5.00 in order to meet our costs in providing any details of the information we may hold about you.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We will where appropriate notify you by email of any changes made to our privacy policy and these changes will also be posted on this page.
CONTACT
We welcome any questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy and should be emailed to info@ofst.co.uk
Thank you for taking the time to read our privacy policy. Our privacy policy is based on a privacy policy provided by Privacy Policy Template who provides a range of free website documents. Promoting responsible website publishing.
© 2014 Online Fire Safety Training
Fire Training Home
Basic Fire Training
Fire Warden Training
Healthcare Fire Training
Bespoke Fire Training
Members Area
Training Home
Manual Handling
Other Training
Advice Home
Fire Safety Paperwork
Fire Extinguishers
Fire Safety Legislation
Fire Safety at Home
FAQs
Contact Us
About Us
Testimonials
Resellers
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy