https://www.nestgrp.com/legal.shtml#GDPR
User Agreement for The Nest Group, Inc
User Agreement
for The Nest Group, Inc..
This World Wide Web site with its home page in the
domain "nestgrp.com" (the "Website") is a complimentary information service
offered by The Nest Group, Inc. ("Nestgrp ") at no charge to users of the
World Wide Web, with the express condition that these users agree to be
bound by the terms and conditions set forth in this User Agreement. Nestgrp
reserves the right to change these terms and conditions any time, and you
must consult the most recent version of this User Agreement (not an older
cached version) each time you view the Website. Do no use the Website if
you do not agree to all of the following terms and conditions.
2. You acknowledge that the information on the Website
is provided "as is" for general information only. Nestgrp makes no warranties
of any kind regarding this Website, including but not limited to any warranty
of accuracy, completeness, currency, reliability, merchantability or fitness
for a particular purpose, or any warranty that these pages, or the server
that makes them available, are free of viruses or other harmful elements,
and such warranties are expressly disclaimed.
3. You agree that you will hold harmless Nestgrp
and its shareholders, officers, directors, and employees from all claims
arising out of or related to your access or use of, or your inability to
access or use, this Website or the information contained in this Website
or other websites to which it is linked, including but not limited to claims
that you have found something you have heard, viewed or downloaded from
this Website or another website to which it is linked to be obscene, offensive,
defamatory, or infringing upon your intellectual property rights. In no
event will Nestgrp or the contributors of information to this Website be
liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken by you
in reliance on such information or for any consequential, special or similar
damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
4. You acknowledge that opinions and recommendations
contained in this Website are not necessarily those of the Nestgrp or endorsed
by Nestgrp.
5. Nestgrp may provide links on the Website to other
websites which are not under the control of Nestgrp. In general, any website
which has an address (or URL) which does not contain "nestgrp.com" is such
a website. These links are provided for convenience of reference only and
are not intended as an endorsement by Nestgrp of the organization or individual
operating the website or a warranty of any type regarding the website or
the information on the website.
6. You may provide a hypertext link to this Website
on another website, provided: (a) that the link must be a text-only link
clearly marked "Nest Group," (b) the link must "point" to the URL "https://www.nestgrp.com"
and not to other pages within the Website, (c) the appearance, position
and other aspects of the link may not be such as to damage or dilute the
goodwill associated with Nestgrp's name and trademarks, (d) the appearance,
position and other aspects of the link may not create the false appearance
that an entity other than Nestgrp is associated with or sponsored by Nestgrp,
(e) the link, when activated by a user, must display this Website full-screen
and not with a "frame" on the linked website, and (f) Nestgrp reserves
the right to revoke its consent to the link at any time in its sole discretion
by amending this User Agreement. You agree that all other hypertext links
to this Website must be approved in writing by Nestgrp.
7. The works of authorship contained in this Website,
including but not limited to all design, text and images, are owned or
licensed by Nestgrp, and may not be copied, reproduced, transmitted, displayed,
performed, distributed, rented, sublicensed, altered, stored by subsequent
use or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner without Nestgrp
's prior written consent, except that the user may make such temporarily
copies in a single computer's RAM and hard drive cache as are necessary
to browse the Website, and the user may make one permanent printout of
each page of the Website (unmodified in form, with a copy of this User
Agreement attached) to be used by the user for personal and non-commercial
uses which do not harm the reputation of Nestgrp.
8. This Website (excluding linked sites) is controlled
by Nestgrp which is headquartered in the State of Massachusetts, United
States of America. It can be accessed from all 50 states, as well as from
other countries around the world. As each of these places has laws that
may differ from those of Massachusetts, by accessing this Website both
you and Nestgrp agree that the statutes and laws of the State of Massachusetts,
without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof, will apply to all
matters arising from or relating to use of this Website. You and The Nest
Group also agree and hereby submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction
and venue of the Superior Court of Worcester County, Massachusetts and
the United States District Court for Eastern Massachusetts with respect
to such matters. Nestgrp makes no representation that materials on the
Website are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing
them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those
who choose to access this Website from other locations do so on their own
initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
9. The mark, The Nest Group, Inc. is an unregistered
common law trademark of The Nest Group, Inc..
10. Automatic Information
: The Company receives and stores certain types of information, for
example,
whenever a User searches the site for information or
a product. As the User
navigates the Site, their activity is
recorded (User sessions, accessed pages,
downloads, etc) including
information regarding browser types and versions,
operating systems
and platforms. This information is not personally identifable, is European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), effective May 25, 2018 compliant,
and is only used to continually improve the Site, the Company's
service and products.
11. Each User of this Site acknowledges and
agrees that he or she is doing so in a
business, professional
or academic capacity, and
accepts that by accessing this Site,
they are subject to Nestgrp's
Terms and Conditions of Use, which may be modified by
Nestgrp from time to time and posted on this Site.
The Nestgrp Privacy Policy explains to Users how this Site should be used and the
data processing which it
carries out, namely, how
personal data is collected,
stored and used. By accessing this
Site, you consent to our collecting data about
you and using it.
12. Privacy Policy
In order to
fulfill GDPR compliant contractual obligations
to process
a data subject's requests
(e.g. for literature, technical bulletins,
posters, presentations
and trial product samples, order placement, etc.),
Nestgrp collects personal data
such as names, company names, addresses
and phone, fax and email information when
voluntarily submitted
by the User. Upon receipt of this information, the Nestgrp
stores
this information in a secure database, off-line. None of this information is sold to
third parties. On occasion this information may be used for Public Service
Announcements for academic or scientific discussion groups.
If requested these data would be promptly removed.
If a User chooses not to provide certain information, then the
Nestgrp might not
allow the User to take advantage of what the
Site has to offer. Full contact information
including a valid company
email address are required before your instructions are carried
out.
The Nestgrp uses the information provided by Users to fulfil instructions
for information
requested, to send out relevant marketing communications,
and to allow us to improve the
Site (monitor how the site is used
and to determine the profile of our customers).
Data is used for the purposes specified by the
User where the User provided it, e.g.
opting-in to receive regular e-mail communications from Nestgrp.
At any time, the User can stop us from
sending out marketing communications by
informing the list master. of this request.
Thank you for your patience. We hope you find the
Nest Group Website to be helpful and convenient to use! Questions or comments
regarding the Nest Group Website should be directed by electronic mail. For
More Information Call 1- 508-481-6223 or e-mail us
at webmaster
. Our postal address is:
The Nest Group, Inc.
10 Southville Rd, Suite 4
Southborough, MA 01772-4026
For more information or if you have problems or comments concerning our
WWW service, please send e-mail to
webmaster.
Copyright© 1995-2020 The Nest Group, Inc.™ All rights reserved (established 1984)
For more information or to place
an order contact:
The Nest Group, Inc.™   10 Southville Rd, Suite 4, Southborough, MA 01772-4026   USA
Tel: 1-508-481-6223
Fax: 1-508-485-5736
For your convenience, we accept Mastercard,
VISA, and American Express credit cards.
| Home
| IdeaBook
| Ordering
| Price/Applic
| Price/Vendor
| Protocols|
If you have problems or comments concerning
our WWW service, please send an e-mail to
webmaster.
About Us | GDPR Privacy Policy | Trademarks | Contact Us
Last Updated: 06/16/20