http://www.electronicdescaler.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyWho is Environmental Treatment Concepts Ltd?Environmental Treatment Concepts Ltd (ETC) operates from UK offices based at Knowle, Hampshire and provides electronic fluid conditioning for dealing with hard water.
As well as supplying of a range of different treatment systems, ETC also provide full training and support services.What information ETC collect?To work with customers effectively, information required includes contact’s name, job title, job role, company name, telephone number, physical and email addresses.
Records are kept of what ETC products have been supplied or in which interest has been shown by a contact.
All information is securely stored on a CRM system where records are maintained and all pertaining interactions such as phone calls, meetings and emails.How your information is used.Information gathered about customers and their representative(s) provides ETC with a comprehensive history of interactions thus enabling the provision of optimum advice and recommendations to the customer.With whom does ETC share your information.The information ETC record about customers will be accessible to all ETC employees on a need to know basis.
ETC also may need to share your basic contact details with a third party supplier who ETC are working with purely to provide you with the products and services you are interested in.
Any concerns about what information has been passed onto to a third party, are welcome at any time.How customer information is kept safe and secure.Online privacy and security is the most important aspect of any customer service and ETC take it extremely seriously. ETC use a variety of the latest technologies and procedures to protect personal information from unauthorised access, destruction, use or disclosure.
All data is stored in a CRM database, and only ETC employees based at our Knowle offices have access to this data.
No employee apart from an administrator can export or delete your information.If circumstances arise where ETC processes data on behalf a customer, this will be deleted and removed completely from the encrypted servers the instant the processing is completed.
Any data stored here is secure in line with this published data policy.Subjects’ rights to their data ETC hold.If at any stage customers need to ask any question about relevant data ETC hold, these queries should be submitted in writing by email to admin@electronicdescaler.com.For how long does ETC retain information?Personal information will only be kept for as long as it is needed to provide ETC products and services to which the customer has signed up. ETC may also retain such data as required to comply with legal obligations, dispute resolution and enforcement of ETC rights. These reasons can vary from one piece of information to the next and depend on the products or services provided. Thus the amount of time ETC keeps personal information may vary.
In all cases, the need to use personal information will be reassessed on a regular basis, and information which is no longer required for any purposes will be destroyed.