http://www.mistralni.co.uk/pages/terms-and-conditions
Mistral Industrial Chemicals
Terms and Conditions
Friday, December 11, 2020
Terms and Conditions
Product Categories
All Products
Acids (23)
Alkalis (7)
Alcohols (9)
Solvents (23)
Biocides (9)
Glycols (11)
Powders (92)
Dyes / Indicators (17)
Fragrances (83)
Surfactants (23)
Silicones / Silicates (11)
Clearance Sale (0)
Bottles & Packaging (2)
Areas of Use
Arts and Crafts
Horticulture
Aquaculture
Pottery
Electronics
Cleaning and Maintenance
Recent
articles
These
terms and conditions form the basis on which you can visit us and our website.
They also outline the terms and conditions which apply to all orders placed
with us and all Goods purchased from us. Please read them carefully as they
contain important information.  There are
separate terms and conditions for private individuals and for business Customers.  Please see section 30 for information on
which terms will apply to your order.
1. Legal Entity
These
terms and conditions apply to all websites operated by, and all Goods supplied
by R&D Laboratories Limited, trading as Mistral Chemicals, company
registration number NI29750 (‘the Seller’, ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’, ‘R&D
Laboratories Ltd.’ or ‘Mistral’).  If you
have any questions regarding us, our terms and conditions, our Goods or an
order that you have placed, please email sales_mistral@hotmail.com.
2. Acceptance of
Terms
By
using this website or by purchasing our Goods you agree to be bound by these
terms and conditions.  These terms apply
no matter what method you use to make your purchase, including but not limited
to: web checkout, telephone orders and purchase orders.
You
are advised to print a copy of these terms for future reference.  Please understand that if you refuse to
accept these terms and conditions, you will not be able to order our Goods.
3. The Contract
Between Us
We
must receive payment of the whole of the price for the Goods that you order
before your order can be accepted.  Your
payment of the price for the Goods represents an offer on your part to purchase
the Goods, which will be accepted by us when we send to you an email or
notification that the Goods have been sent to you.  Our acceptance of your order brings into
existence a legally binding contract between us.
4. Use of Goods
4.1 In placing an order for Goods through
this website or by any other means, you accept that none of the Goods sold by
R&D Laboratories Ltd. are for human or animal consumption.
4.2
You accept that you
are over 18 years old, or over the legal age in your country or territory
required to purchase or use our Goods, whichever is higher.
4.3 You agree not to use any of our Goods
in any of the following ways:
4.3.1 In the preparation or manufacture of
food or beverages; or in any other food applications.
4.3.2 For medicinal purposes;
4.3.3 In medical treatments or applications
(including ‘alternative’ or ‘holistic’ medicine);
4.3.4
In veterinary
treatments; or,
4.3.5 In the manufacture or use of
e-cigarettes or related Goods;
4.4 Furthermore, you agree not to resell
our Goods for use in any of the applications listed in 4.3.
4.5 By placing an order, you agree not to
use any of our Goods for illegal or illicit purposes or in the course of
carrying out such activities.  We work
closely with Police and Government bodies and reserve the right to report any
suspected misuse of our Goods.  We will
cooperate fully with any investigation by official agencies into suspected
misuse of Goods bought from us.
5. Licenses and
Restrictions
It
is the responsibility of the Buyer to ensure that they hold any relevant
licenses or registrations required to purchase or use our Goods.  Where possible, we will make such
requirements clear on product listings. However, we cannot be held liable for
any errors and omissions relating to such requirements, unless we have a
specific obligation under Northern Irish law to provide this information.
Where
Goods or their associated product listings or information are marked with
specific usage restrictions or limitations (such as ‘For professional use only’
or ‘Not for sale to the General Public’), it is the responsibility of the Buyer
to comply fully with these requirements.
The Seller can accept no liability for Goods which are purchased in
contravention of given usage restrictions.
5. Ownership of
Rights
All
rights, including copyright, in this website are owned by or licensed to
R&D Laboratories Ltd. Any use  of
this website or its contents, including copying or storing it or them in whole
or part, other than for your own personal, non-commercial use, is prohibited
without our permission. You may not modify, distribute or repost anything on
this website for any purpose.
Text,
labels, formulations and designs of any Goods purchased through this website or
by any other means will remain the sole protected intellectual property of the
Seller (or third-party owner) unless otherwise licensed to you through a formal
written agreement.
6. Supporting Documentation
Safety
data sheets are available for all Goods upon request.  It is the responsibility of the Buyer to
request and/or download the MSDS for any Goods purchased.
Certificates
of Analysis (CoA) are available for some Goods upon request.  We do not offer CoAs for Goods which are
reworked or repackaged by us.  If you
require a CoA please check with us before purchasing.
7. Accuracy of Content
We
have taken care in the preparation of the content of this website, in
particular to ensure that prices quoted are correct at the time of publishing
and that all Goods have been fairly described. However, orders will only be
accepted if there are no material errors in the description of the Goods or
their prices as advertised on this website. Any weights, dimensions and
capacities given about the Goods are approximate only.
The
information contained in this website, including product information and
descriptions, is given for general information purposes only.  While we endeavour to keep the information up
to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind,
express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability
or availability with respect to the website or the information, Goods,
services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any
reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
The
information contained within product listings is given for informational
purposes and is not an indication of the suitability of that product for any
given application.  Please contact us before
purchase if you have any specific requirements or applications that you would
like to discuss.
8. Advice and Recommendations
We are
happy to advise our Customers both before and after purchase.  Such advice may be provided through this
website, by e-mail or by telephone.
However, any advice or recommendations given by the Seller, its
employees or its agents relating to the use of the Goods is given in good
faith. It is the responsibility of the Buyer to satisfy himself that the Goods
will be suitable for his own particular use.
This includes selecting the correct grade of product required for any
given application and being aware of the differences between different grades
of chemical before purchase.
9. Damage to your Computer
We try to ensure that this website is
free from viruses or defects. However, we cannot guarantee that your use of
this website or any websites accessible through it will not cause damage to
your computer. It is your responsibility to ensure that the right equipment is
available to use the website. Except in the case of negligence on our part, we
will not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise to
computer equipment as a result of using this website.
10.
Third Party Websites
Through this website you are able to
link to other websites which are not under the control of R&D Laboratories
Ltd. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those
sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation
or endorse the views expressed within them.
11.
Website Availability
Every effort is made to keep the
website up and running smoothly. However, we take no responsibility for, and
will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to
technical issues beyond our control.
12.
Product Availability
All orders are subject to acceptance and
availability. If the Goods you have ordered are not available from stock within
10 days, we will contact you by e-mail or phone (if you have given us details).
You will have the option either to wait until the item is available from stock
or to cancel your order.
13. Ordering Errors
You are able to correct errors on your order up to the point on which
you click on “submit” during the ordering process.
14. Price
The
prices payable for Goods that you order are as set out in our website. All prices are inclusive of VAT at the current rates and are
correct at the time of entering information.
Wherever
it is not possible to accept your order to buy Goods of the specification and
description at the price indicated, we will advise you by email, offer to sell
you the Goods of the specification and description at the price stated in the
email and will state the period for which the offer or the price remains valid.
15.
Payment Terms
We
will charge your credit account (or other means of payment) for payment upon
receipt of your order. We accept no liability if a delivery is delayed because
you did not give us the correct payment details. If it is not possible to
obtain full payment for the Goods from your account then we can cancel the
contract and or suspend any further deliveries to you. This does not affect any
other rights we may have.
16. Delivery Charges
Delivery charges vary according to
the type of Goods ordered.
17. Delivery
17.1 Our delivery charges are set out on
the delivery information page of our website.
We aim to despatch Goods as quickly as possible, and in any case within
7 days of receipt of payment, or for credit Customers, within 7 days of our
acceptance of your order.
17.2 We use third-party carriers to
deliver our Goods.  While we try to
ensure that our carriers provide the best service possible, we have no control
over the Goods once they have been despatched with these carriers. We cannot
accept any liability for delay or damage which may occur while Goods are in the
possession of a third-party carrier.
17.3 We ship all hazardous Goods in
compliance with ADR regulations and the requirements imposed by our carriers.
17.4
Please note that we are only able to deliver to addresses within the United
Kingdom and Ireland, but excluding the Isle of
Wight, the Isle of Man, the Scottish Isles, parts of Scotland and the Channel
Isles.  If you believe that you may be
affected by these delivery restrictions, please contact us for further information
before placing your order.
17.5 We
will deliver the Goods to the address you specify for delivery in your order.
It is important that this address is accurate. Please be precise about where
you would like the Goods left if you are out when we deliver.  It is the responsibility of the Buyer to
notify us before dispatch of any specific delivery requirements, for example if
you will need a tail-lift for heavy Goods. We cannot accept any liability for
any loss or damage to the Goods once they have been delivered in accordance
with your delivery instructions (unless this is caused by our negligence). We
will aim to deliver the Goods by the date quoted for delivery but delivery
times are not guaranteed. If delivery is delayed due to any cause beyond our
reasonable control, the delivery date will be extended by a reasonable period
and we will contact you to arrange an alternative time.
17.6
In certain cases we will allow Customers to
arrange collection of their Goods from our warehouse, either in person or via
third-party couriers contracted by the Buyer.
If you wish to arrange a collection please contact us before ordering to
ensure that this will be possible.  Where
Customers arrange for Goods to be collected from us, the Goods will be
considered as having been delivered by us at the time when they are
collected.  Risk of damage or loss of the
Goods will pass immediately to the Buyer upon collection.
18. Risk and Ownership
Risk of damage to or loss of the Goods
passes to you at the time of delivery to you, or if you fail to take delivery
at the agreed time, the time when we tried to deliver. You will only own the Goods
once they have been successfully delivered and when we have received cleared
payment in full. Once Goods have been delivered to you they will be held at
your own risk and we will not be liable for their loss or destruction.
19. Acknowledgement and Acceptance of
your Order
You will need to provide us with your
e-mail address and we will notify you by e-mail as soon as possible to confirm
receipt of your order and e-mail you again to confirm details. An acceptance of
your order will take place on despatch of the good(s) ordered.
20. Cancellation Rights
20.1 Under the Distance Selling Regulations
you have the legal right to cancel your order within seven days of receipt of
your Goods (with the exception of any made to order items). You do not need to
give us any reason for cancelling your contract nor will you have to pay any
penalty. However, you will need to notify us in writing at sales_mistral@hotmail.com during
this period if you wish to cancel your contract.
20.2 If you have received the Goods before
you cancel your contract, then you must send the Goods back to our contact
address at your own cost and risk. If you cancel your contract but we have
already processed the Goods for delivery you must not unpack the Goods when
they are received by you and you must send the Goods back to us at our contact
address at your own cost and risk as soon as possible.
20.3 In the interests of health and safety,
all items returned under the Distance Selling Regulations should be sealed and
unopened.  You must observe ADR and other
transport regulations if returning hazardous items.
20.4 Once you have notified us that you
are cancelling your contract, any sum debited to us from your credit card will
be re-credited to your account as soon as possible and in any event within 30
days of your order.
21. Damage, Defect and Shortage
21.1 The Seller shall not be liable to the Buyer
for any loss or damage whether arising directly or indirectly from the late
delivery or short delivery of the Goods.
If short delivery does take place, the Buyer undertakes not to reject
the Goods but to accept the Goods delivered as part performance of the
contract.
21.2 Formal notice of any damage, defect
or shortage of the Goods must be notified to the Seller in writing within 7
working days of the Goods being delivered. It is therefore important that you
carry out a reasonable inspection of the Goods upon delivery.  Where requested, the Buyer agrees to supply
evidence of any damage, defect or shortage before claims will be granted.
21.3 If Goods are obviously damaged or
defective upon delivery, the Buyer should refuse delivery so that they may be
returned to us by our couriers.
21.4 Where Goods are found to be damaged,
defective or short upon delivery, the liability of the Seller will be limited
to the costs of refunding or replacing those Goods found to be damaged,
defective or missing.  The Seller
reserves the right to decide whether Goods will be refunded or replaced.
21.5 You will be re-credited for the costs
incurred in returning defective Goods.
22. Cancellation by Us
22.1
We reserve the right
to cancel the contract between us if:
22.1.1  we
have insufficient stock to deliver the Goods you have ordered;
22.1.2  we
do not deliver to your area;
22.1.3
we believe that you
may intend to use the Goods for one of the purposes prohibited under section 4;
or,
22.1.4  one
or more of the Goods you ordered was listed at an incorrect price due to a
typographical error or an error in the pricing information received by us from
our suppliers.
22.2     If
we do cancel your contract we will notify you by e-mail or telephone and will
re-credit to your account any sum deducted by us from your credit card as soon
as possible but in any event within 30 days of your order.
23. Liability
23.1     If
you do not receive Goods ordered by you within 30 days of the date on which you
ordered them, we will have no liability to you unless you notify us in writing
at our contact address of the problem within 60 days of the date on which you
ordered the Goods (unless this is not reasonably practicable).  If you notify a problem to us under this
condition, our only obligation will be, at your option:
23.1.1  to
make good any shortage or non-delivery;
23.1.2  to
replace or repair any Goods that are damaged or defective; or
23.1.3  to
refund to you the amount paid by you for the Goods in question in whatever way
we choose.
23.2     Both
parties shall only be liable under this contract for losses, which are a
reasonably foreseeable consequence of the relevant breach of contract.  The liability of the Seller for breach of
these terms or for any claim based on any defect in the Goods supplied shall
not exceed the price originally received for the Goods.
23.3     You
must observe and comply with all applicable regulations and legislation,
including obtaining all necessary customs, import or other permits to purchase Goods
from our site.  The importation or
exportation of certain of our Goods to you may be prohibited by certain
national laws.  We make no representation
and accept no liability in respect of the export or import of the Goods you
purchase.
23.4     Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing in these terms and conditions is intended to limit any
rights you might have as a consumer under applicable local law or other
statutory rights that may not be excluded nor in any way to exclude or limit
our liability to you for any death or personal injury resulting from our
negligence.
24. Notices
Unless
otherwise expressly stated in these terms and conditions, all notices from you
to us must be in writing and sent to our contact address (given at the end of
this document) and all notices from us to you will be displayed on our website
from time to time.
25. Changes to Legal Notices
We
reserve the right to change these terms and conditions from time to time and
you should look through them as often as possible.
26. Law, Jurisdiction and Language
This
website, any content contained therein and any contract brought into being as a
result of usage of this website are governed by and construed in accordance
with Northern Irish law. Parties to any such contract agree to submit to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Northern Ireland. All contracts are
concluded in English.
Where
the use of computerised translation services is made available on our website,
we shall not be held liable for any damages whatsoever resulting from
inaccuracies, errors or omissions which occur due to the use of these services.
27. Invalidity
If any
part of these terms and conditions is unenforceable (including any provision in
which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of
these conditions will not be affected.
28. Privacy
You
acknowledge and agree to be bound by the terms of our privacy policy.  A full copy of our privacy policy can be
found here.
29. Third Party Rights
Nothing
in this Agreement is intended to, nor shall it confer any rights on a third
party.
30. Terms Applying to Business-to-Business
Sales
30.1 For the purposes of this agreement, a
business-to-business sale will be defined as the following:
30.1.1 Any supply of Goods for use within a
business environment;
30.1.2
Any supply of Goods
to be used in the course carrying out a trade or service; or,
30.1.3
Any supply of Goods
which are intended to be resold or reworked to create a saleable product.
30.2 The terms and conditions which apply
to business-to-business sales are identical to those for business-to-consumer
sales, apart from the following substitutions:
30.2.1 Replace
the entire contents of section 14.
Price with the following:
"The
prices payable for Goods that you order are as set out in our website. All prices are inclusive of VAT at the current rates and are
correct at the time of entering information.
Where a purchase order is submitted, a sales quotation will
be provided on which prices will be exclusive of VAT.  These prices may differ from those shown on
our website if previously agreed by both parties.
Wherever
it is not possible to accept your order to buy Goods of the specification and
description at the price indicated, we will advise you by email, offer to sell
you the Goods of the specification and description at the price stated in the
email and will state the period for which the offer or the price remains valid.
Where
the Buyer holds a valid EU VAT registration, it may be possible to process the sale without VAT.  However,
this facility is not available on our website.
Please contact us first if you wish to make a VAT-exempt purchase."
30.2.2 Replace
the entire contents of section 15.
Payment Terms with the following:
"Credit
terms may be agreed before receipt of your order.  In the case of public bodies (such as
schools, universities and councils), we normally offer a 30-day credit facility
on official purchase orders.  Full
details of this facility can be found here.  Please contact us before purchase for more
information regarding the availability of credit terms.
Where
credit terms have been agreed, full payment will become due after the agreed
period.  Interest on overdue invoices
shall accrue from the date when payment becomes due calculated on a daily basis
until the date of payment at the rate of 5% of the amount due.  Such interest shall accrue after as well as
before any judgement.
The Buyer shall pay all accounts in
full and not exercise any rights of set-off or counter-claim against invoices
submitted by the Seller.
Where credit terms have not been agreed, we will charge your
credit account for payment upon receipt of your order. We accept no liability
if a delivery is delayed because you did not give us the correct payment
details. If it is not possible to obtain full payment for the Goods from your
account then we can cancel the contract and or suspend any further deliveries
to you. This does not affect any other rights we may have."
30.2.3 Replace the entire contents of section 20. Cancellation Rights with the following:
"Once an order has been placed and accepted by us, the
contract cannot be cancelled unless Goods are delivered in a damaged, defective
or short condition."
31. Contact Details
Formal notices
in writing and other official correspondence should be made to the following
address:
R&D
Laboratories Ltd., Unit U Enkalon Industrial Estate, Antrim, BT41 4LJ, Northern
Ireland
For
general enquiries and correspondence, we can also be contacted in the following
ways:
Telephone:
02894 465 753
Fax:
02894 467 502
E-Mail:
sales_mistral@hotmail.com
Or
using the form located on the ‘Contact Us’ page of this website.
32. Definition of Terms
Buyer  - the
person who buys or agrees to buy the goods from the Seller.
Seller - R&D Laboratories
Ltd, company registration number NI29750.
Goods - the articles which
the Buyer agrees to buy from the Seller.
Conditions - the terms and
conditions of sale as set out in this document and any special terms and
conditions agreed in writing by the Seller.
Customer - see Buyer.
These Terms and Conditions are applicable as of 10/03/2013.
Cart (0)
Quantity
Add to cart