http://www.sylentis.com/index.php/en/legal-info
Español (ES)
English (UK)
Cookies Policy Legal info Política de privacidad
Sylentis About Sylentis Mission & Vision
Awarded Management Corporate Values Our expertise Contact Technology Understanding RNAi.
Video Mechanism of action
Scientific Bibliography ARVO 2017 Posters Projects & Collaboration Individual Projects Collaborative Projects Finalized Projects Therapeutic Areas Dry Eye Syndrome Glaucoma Ocular Allergies Other research areas R&D Products R&D Pipeline Tivanisiran (SYL1001) Bamosirán People & careers What do
we search? What do we offer? Join us News General news Professional news
Sylentis
RSS sources Site Map Users
Legal info
Category: Legal
COMPANY REGISTRATION
In compliance with the provisions of Law 34/2002, of 11 July, on information society services and e-commerce, users of this website are advised that Sylentis, S.A., Sociedad Unipersonal (“Sylentis”)  is a Spanish corporation of indefinite duration, whose registered office is at Plaza: Descubridor Diego de Ordás, nº 3 , planta 5º 28003 (Madrid, Spain). It was originally incorporated by means of a public deed dated  27 April 2006, executed before the former Notary of Madrid, Mr. Antonio de la Esperanza Martínez-Radío, and protocol number 2.815.
It is registered at the Mercantile Registry of Madrid in 2006, in Volume 22.719, book 0, Leaf 121, Page M-406450 and Inscription 1st. Its tax identification number (N.I.F. number, similar to VAT number in other countries ) is A-84700236.
You may contact Sylentis by e-mail address info@sylentis.com  telephone +34 91 804 7667 or fax +34 91 904 9597.
DATOS DE LA AUTORIZACIÓN ADMINISTRATIVA
Sylentis holds business license for office and laboratory activities (# 0019-IP/10) granted by the Council of Tres Cantos Cantos.
Sylentis has ben authorised to carry out activities as laboratory of pharmaceutical manufacturing and investigation  (nº 6425-E)  by the Spanish Regulatory Agency For Drugs and Healthcare Products.
This Legal Notice governs the use of the website www.sylentis.com (hereinafter, the Website), owned by the company SYLENTIS, S.A. (hereinafter, SYLENTIS) and made available to Internet users.
The use of the Website requires the user's express acceptance of each and every clause set forth in this Legal Notice, as well as any specific notices or clauses established for the procurement of specific services or products and the use of areas of the Website.
In the event the user does not accept the clauses set forth in this Legal Notice, he/she must refrain from accessing and/or using the services and/or content provided on the Website and shall proceed to exit the same.
USE OF THE WEBSITE
The user undertakes to not use the Website to perform activities contrary to the law, ethics or public order and, in general, to use the same in accordance with the conditions set forth in this Legal Notice. Moreover, the user undertakes to not carry out advertising activities or those pertaining to commercial use, and to not send messages using a false identity.
SYLENTIS acts alone as the controller of the Website in its capacity as the provider of an information service regarding its own services. It is not responsible for any content that users may send or publish in violation of these general provisions, with the latter being solely liable for the veracity and legality thereof.
SYLENTIS may suspend the Website service being used by the user and immediately terminate its relationship therewith if it detects that the Website or any of the services offered on the same are being used in a manner that may be deemed contrary to the provisions set forth in this Legal Notice.
INTELLECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY
The content and graphic elements that form part of this Website (images, text, files, logotypes, source code or any other content) are the exclusive property of SYLENTIS and/or any natural persons or legal entities that have transferred their rights to publication or from whom the corresponding usage rights have been obtained. This Website's content is subject to the protection provided under the regulations on Spanish Intellectual and Industrial Property.
The intellectual property rights of specialist contributors to the SYLENTIS Website, who publish their articles or work thereon, shall correspond to the pertinent authors. The submission to SYLENTIS of any such contributions shall entail a gratuitous assignment of rights for the publication thereof via the Website.
LINKS
The Website may include links to other third-party websites. Said third-party websites have neither been reviewed nor are subject to monitoring by SYLENTIS. In any case, SYLENTIS shall not be held liable for the content of such websites or for any measures adopted pertaining to their privacy or personal data processing.
SYLENTIS recommends reading the websites' conditions of use and privacy policies carefully.
If you are interested in activating a link to any of the SYLENTIS web pages, please submit notice of the same, obtaining express consent to create the link. SYLENTIS reserves the right to oppose the activation of links to its Website.
MINORS
SYLENTIS reminds users of legal age who are responsible for minors that they are solely liable for determining which services and/or content are age-appropriate for the same.
SYLENTIS hereby informs such users of the existence of computer programs that will enable them to filter and block access to certain content and services, so that parents or guardians, for example, can decide which online content and services may and may not be accessed by the minors in their care.
LIABILITY
SYLENTIS will not be directly or indirectly liable for:
The quality of the service, access speed, performance, availability or continuity of the Website.
Any damages that may be caused to the user's equipment as a result of using the Website.
Cases in which a third-party violates the security measures in place to access or use messages for the transmission of computer viruses.
Any kind of faults or defects in the content transmitted, shared, stored or made available.
The legality, reliability or usefulness of the content transmitted by Website users or the services offered thereon, as well as the veracity or accuracy of the same. SYLENTIS does not monitor the way in which users use the Website, nor can it guarantee that they do so in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Legal Notice.
The user's liabilities include but are not limited to:
Any content entered by the same and, in particular, data and information submitted and sent to SYLENTIS via or on the Website.
Any kind of illicit act that may breach rights or be damaging and/or harmful.
The provision of inaccurate or incorrect data.
JURISDICTION
This Legal Notice was drafted in Spanish and is subject to current Spanish legislation. In case of any dispute arising from the use of the services offered or the content of the Website, the parties, in acceptance of the clauses set forth in this Legal Notice, shall be subject to the competent courts and tribunals of the city of Madrid.
PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION POLICY
Through the present disclaimer,Sylentis, a PharmaMar Group company, informs users of this website of its Personal Data Protection Policy so that they may decide freely whether or not they wish to provide any personal data requested of them on this website. Sylentis reserves the right to amend its Personal Data Protection Policy at its discretion due to changes in law, legal precedent or business practices. Such amendments will be posted on this website, and Sylentis will provide the necessary resources for users to read them. In either case, relations with users will be governed by the specific regulations in force at the time of access to the website.
In accordance with
REGULATION (EU) 2016/679 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 27 April 2016 it is informed as follows:
a) Purpose of data collection and processing OBJECTIVES:
In the case of data provided through the employment application form, the creation of a database of candidates to facilitate personnel selection by Sylentis.
In the case of data provided through email addresses, the use of such data to answer any question or suggestion.
Any other service related to the activity of SYLENTIS which may be deemed of interest.
Use for statistical purposes in order to analyse users' behaviour and trends and to assess how to improve the services we provide thereto.
To detect and investigate cases of fraud, as well as other illegal activities and potential violations of our Privacy and Cookies Policies and/or Legal Notice.
b) Rights of access, rectification, erasure, portability, and limitation or opposition
The user or his/her authorized representative can exercise the rights of access, rectification, cancellation, portability, limitation and opposition in accordance with the REGULATION (EU) 2016/679 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL and other applicable regulations by means of a signed written request sent to e-mail address info@sylentis.com or to postal address:  Dpto. Calidad, Sylentis C/Santiago griolía n. 2, 28707 (Spain).
The user has the right to complain to the Control Authority (Spanish Agency for Data Protection) agpd.es
Responsible of the treatment
SYLENTIS, S.A.U. NIF: A84700236Address: Parque Tecnológico de Madrid.PTM Santiago Grisolía, 2 2-28760-28760 Tres Cantos (Madrid).Phone: 918047667_. Email: info@sylentis.com
Purposes
The collection and processing of personal data has as objectives:·
In the case of data sent through the mail info@sylentis.com which include curricula vitarum or labor data: the creation of a job market that allows SYLENTIS enterprise personnel selection processes.
In the case of the rest of data sent through the mail info@sylentis.com the use of such data to contact potential resellers, technology partners and customers.
In the case of newsletter: the sending of newsletters to registered users.
Any other service related to activity of SYLENTIS that we can consider of interest.
Use for statistical purposes as analysing of the behavior and trends of users and analysing how to improve the services we provide to users.
Detect and investigate fraud, as well as other illegal activities and potential breaches of our privacy policy, Cookies and/or Legal notice.
Legitimacy and conservation
The legal basis for data processing is the consent granted by the user upon providing his/her information or by checking, where appropriate, the corresponding acceptance boxes.
Should the user fail to provide the information necessary to that effect, we will be unable to provide our services. Fields marked with an asterisk are mandatory and deemed necessary in order to provide the requested service. As such, in the event that the necessary fields have not been completed, SYLENTIS will be unable to provide the user with the specific service offered on the Website.
In fields where the asterisk indicates otherwise, responses to questions regarding Personal Data are voluntary; failure to respond shall not result in a decrease in the quality or quantity of the corresponding services.
Data will be stored for as long as the relationship is maintained and provided the removal thereof is not requested and, in any case, in compliance with the applicable legal limitation periods.
Recipients of transfers
Submission of data through this website implies the express consent by the user of the transfer of the personal information contained in the automated file to companies of PharmaMar Group, as the same intents as Sylentis. For the purposes of this Policy, the companies listed in www.pharmamar.com of this website are considered PharmaMar Group Companies, in particular:
The user, and where applicable, the representative thereof, may exercise his/her rights of access, rectification, cancellation, transferability and limitation or opposition by means of a written and signed request addressed to:
PharmaMar, S.A.
Sylentis S.A.U.
Genómica S.A.U.
Xylazel S.A.
Zelnova-Zeltia, S.A.
Rights of interested parties
The user, and if anyone representing, may exercise their rights of rights of access, rectification, deletion, portability and limiting or opposition request written and signed directed to:
Department of Quality in Parque Tecnológico de Madrid. PTM Santiago Grisolía, 2 2-28760-28760 Tres Cantos (Madrid).
the following email address: info@sylentis.com
Doubts
Any doubts, questions or comments about the Policy may send it to us at:
info@sylentis.com or Dpto. Calidad C/Santiago Grisolía no. 2, 28760 (Madrid)
questions or comments about the Policy may send it to us at: info@sylentis.com or DPT. quality C/Santiago Grisolía No. 2, 28760 (Madrid)
RSS sources Site Map Users
Sylentis©2020
Last Modified: Tuesday 29 September 2020.
In order to provide you with the best online experience this website uses cookies.				Delete cookies
We use our own and third-party cookies to provide a better service. If you continue to use this site, you are assumed to consent to the use of cookies.
For more information, or to find out how to change your browser´s cookie settings, see our
Policy of cookies
I agree
×
Cookies Policy
DIFFERENT TYPES OF COOKIES
In accordance with Spanish Data Protection Agency guidelines, listed below are the cookies used on this website:
First-party cookiesThey are sent to the user's device from a computer or domain managed by the publisher, which provides the service requested by the user.
Third-party cookies:They are sent to the user’s device from a computer or domain which is managed not by GENOMICA but, rather, by another entity which processes the data obtained from the cookies.
Transient cookies: They gather and store data while the user is entering a website.
Persistent cookies: These store data on the hard drive and can be accessed and used during a period of time defined by the third party, ranging from a few minutes to several years.
Personalisation cookies: These allow the user to access the service with some general predefined characteristics based on a set of criteria in the user's terminal drive, such as language, the type of browser, location, etc.
Analytic cookies:These allow the party responsible for the cookies to track and analyse user behaviour on the websites to which they are connected. The information collected by this kind of cookie is used to measure site, application and platform activity and to create browsing profiles of their users with a view to making improvements based on the analysis of usage data.
The table below provides details on first- and third-party cookies on www.sylentis.com and their purpose.
PROPRIETARY COOKIES
COOKIE
Purpose
Type
Affected function if disabled
Domain
Entity
ebe9695943178f60dd46c6b8c8eaca05
language selection
session
multilingual management
sylentis.com
Sylentis
af2a152ba7d778b297f9f6c59371577a
security  session
management   cookie
session
Joomla! CMS creates a cookie and writes a database record in order to initiate a session. The session is prerequisite for the proper functionality of tokens
sylentis.com
Sylentis
jbcookies
Remind that cookies has been accepted
Persistent
Coookies will be disabled. Cookies warning should be accepted for enabling.
sylentis.com
Sylentis
COOKIES DE TERCEROS
COOKIE
Purpose
Type
Affected function if disabled
Domain
Entity
__ga (1)
It distinguish the users
Persistent
none
sylentis.com
Google
__gi(1)
It distinguish the users
Persistent
none
sylentis.com
Google
__gat (1)
It limits the number of requests
Persistent
none
sylentis.com
Google
(1) Allow a website to be tracked using Google Analytics, a service provided by Google to obtain information about website usage. Google, Inc., a Delaware company whose main office is at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View (California), CA 94043, USA. The data stored for subsequent analysis includes: the number of times the user has visited the site, the date of the first and last visit, visit duration, page from which the user accessed the website, the search engine or link used to reach the site , location from which the user visited the site, etc. The configuration of these cookies is predetermined by the service provided by Google. For this fact, you can look up for more information on https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage  about how cookies are used and how to disable them (we accept no liability for the content or accuracy of third-party websites).
DISABLING COOKIES
A user can enable, block or eliminate cookies installed on the computer by configuring the options in the web browser. Read your browser's help section to learn more about how to turn on the private browsing feature or to block certain cookies.
A user can enable, block or eliminate cookies installed on the computer by configuring the options in the web browser. Read your browser's help section to learn more about how to turn on the private browsing feature or to block certain cookies.
For more information about Internet Explorer, click here
For more information about Firefox, click here
For more information about Opera, click here
For more information about Google Chrome, click here
For more information about Safari, click here
DISABLE OR ELIMINATE GOOGLE ANALYTICS COOKIES
If you accept the use of Google Analytics cookies, you can uninstall them later by changing your browser configuration or by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=es.
Close