http://www.metalconsult.com/privacy-policy.html
Home Past Projects
Evaluation of Heavy Section, High Strength Steel Castings for Fitness for Service Fitness for Service Analysis for a Cast Iron Dryer Head Metallurgical Failure Analysis of a Gas Station Canopy Collapse Heat Exchanger Tube Rolling Issues Fracture Mechanics & Microscopic Analysis of Fatigue Stress & Corrosion Cracking, Attack & Mitigation in a Type 316 Reactor Vessel Trunnion Rod Failure Analysis Failure Analysis of Bolting/Fastener Issues Failure Analysis of an ICC Underride Bar Failure Analysis of Furnace Tubes
Published Papers Litigation About Us Contact Us RFQ
ServicesFracture Mechanics & Stress Analysis of Cracks Failure Analysis TestingMetallurgical Consulting
& Material TestingCorrosion Analysis
& TestingWelding Analysis
& ConsultingFitness of Service EvaluationDownload Resume
Tweet
Print This Page
Email This Page
Privacy Policy
Metallurgical Consulting respects your privacy and our site visitors' information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via info@metalconsult.com or by filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only Metallurgical Consulting's website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. Metallurgical Consulting is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies
Metallurgical Consulting's website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Metallurgical Consulting may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Metallurgical Consulting reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Metallurgical Consulting and is effective as of April 10, 2013. This statement does not create an agreement between Metallurgical Consulting and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:
Metallurgical Consulting
1146 Leroy Stevens Rd.
Suite A
Mobile, AL 36695
Phone: 251-639-3433
Fax: 251-639-3105
Email: info@metalconsult.com
Website: www.metalconsult.com
Copyright © 2013 Metallurgical Consulting, All Rights ReservedSite created by Thomas Web Solutions