http://www.fnpw.org.au/website/privacy-policy
The privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) of the Foundation for National Parks & Wildlife (ABN 90 107 744 771) (“FNPW”) is designed to assist you
in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using
our Website and our products and services. The principals, staff and consultants at FNPW strictly comply with all applicable Australian privacy
laws and will take reasonable steps to store your personal information securely.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you visit our Website you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that
is collected on an individual basis and Website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Website.
PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU CHOOSE TO PROVIDE:
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and
our responses. If any of the services requires you to open an account, you must complete the registration process by providing us with
current, complete and accurate information as prompted by the applicable registration form.
WEB SITE USE INFORMATION
Similar to other commercial Websites, our Website utilises a standard technology called “cookies” and Web server logs to collect information
about how our Website is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the
pages viewed, time spent at our Website, and the websites visited just before and just after our Website.
Your personal details such as your name, business name and address may need to be passed to service providers who perform or implement
some of our services. In special circumstances, for example if our business is sold, your information may be transferred as part of
that sale. Information collected at this Website may be disclosed to third parties where functions are being outsourced. FNPW may also
disclose personal information to law enforcement agencies, government agencies, courts or external advisors where permitted or required
by law.
However, your information will not be used for purposes unrelated to the provision of our services without your consent.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
If you wish to know more about our privacy policy, please email us and we will respond to your query
as soon as we can. This Privacy Policy and related practices may be reviewed and updated from time to time in line with customer requirements
and legislative changes.