http://www.rijnh.nl/privacy-declaration
Jump to content
DIFFERDIFFER Declaration on Privacy
DIFFER Declaration on Privacy
Introduction
DIFFER is short for Dutch Institute for Fundamental Energy Research. DIFFER is part of the organization of institutes of NWO (NWO-I). Our address is De Zaale 20, 5612 AJ, Eindhoven, The Netherlands
Principles
We fully comply with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) when we process personal data. This means among other things that:
we clearly note the purposes for which we process personal data. We do this through this privacy declaration;
we do not collect more personal data than necessary for the stated purpose;
we will ask for your explicit consent for the processing of your personal data where your consent is required;
we adopt security measures to protect your personal data and demand the same from parties who process personal data on our behalf;
we respect your right to access your personal data, and to correct or erase them.
Purposes
We process your personal data for one or more of the following purposes (depending on the service or feature you are using):
to communicate with you through e-mail, electronic newsletters and/or traditional post;
to register you for an event or seminar;
to process your job application; this is governed by the job application policy of NWO;
to improve the functionality of our website.
Use of personal data
When you visit our website, contact us or apply with us for a job, you will submit certain data to us. These can be personal data. We retain and use only those personal data that you submit to us directly as part of the requested service or when it is clear at time of submission that the data were submitted to us to be processed.
These data can be one of the following (special) personal data, depending on the service or feature:
Name, address, place of residence
Phone number
E-mail address
Affiliation
Gender
Date of birth
Resume
Education
Grade list
Photo
IP address
Dietary information (when signing up for an event or conference)
We only retain these personal data when this is necessary for the purposes above or when there is a legal obligation. In any other case, these data are immediately erased. Letters of application, resumes and grade lists are retained up to 4 weeks after the conclusion of the application or selection process, or up to 1 year with consent of the applicant. We erase your registration data for a seminar or event within 4 weeks after the conclusion of the seminar or event.
Attending ‘public events’ or other events
DIFFER may take photographs during public events or other events DIFFER organizes. The photographs may be used for journalistic purposes such as reporting on the event. Furthermore, the photo’s may be published on the DIFFER website, in the annual report, the newsletter or on the intranet. When you attend an event organized by DIFFER and you do not want to be photographed, you can make the photographer aware of this and he/she will take your wishes into account.
Submitting data to third parties
In certain cases, we collaborate with other organizations or corporations when delivering our services. We do not transmit the personal data you submit to us to third parties unless there is a legal obligation to do so or it is necessary for the intended purpose. It is possible that law enforcement agencies, the courts, the revenue services or intelligence agencies make requests for data. In those cases, we are under a legal obligation to share the requested data. When you apply with us for a job, the application commission might contain a representative of a third party. On occasion, we also organize seminars or conferences in conjunction with a university. In those cases, it is necessary for us to share your data with said university.
When we provide your data to third parties, we will ensure that there is an agreement with said party in place restricting the use of your data to solely the intended purpose. Through this agreement, we will also enforce that your data will be erased when they are no longer required.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is saved to your computer, tablet or smart device when you first visit this website. You can opt out of these cookies by configuring your web browser to no longer accept cookies. Via your browser settings, you can also remove all information that was saved previously. We utilize the following cookies:
Functional cookies: these are cookies that are necessary for the functioning of the website and for your convenience. They ensure that the website performs as expected and remembers your preferences, among other things. They also allow us to optimize our website. These are analytical cookies that do not impede your privacy and therefore don’t require us to get your prior consent.
Google Analytics: the American corporation Google places cookies on this website in furtherance of the Analytics service. DIFFER uses this service to generate reports on the use of the website and to measure its quality and effectiveness. We use Google Analytics in a way prescribed by the Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens (Dutch Data Protection Agency) to fall within the exception of the act governing cookies and therefore our use of Google Analytics doesn’t require us to get your prior consent.
Security & Retention
We take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access to and misuse of your personal data. We ensure that only necessary people have access to the data, that the access to the data is restricted and that our security measures are reviewed regularly.
We do not retain your data any longer than the legally obliged time period. We will ask for your consent when we want or need to retain your data beyond this period.
Third party websites
This declaration does not apply to third party websites that are connected to our website through hyperlinks.
Access to and correction, rectification or erasure of your data
You can submit a written request for access to or correction, erasure or transfer of your personal data. You can also notify us in writing of your intent to retract consent or of your objection to processing your personal data. Please send your request or notice to helpdesk [28] differ [368] nl When you do, you are legally obligated to identify yourself. We aim to resolve your request or notice within 4 weeks of receipt. You will be notified if we are unable to resolve your request within this time period.
Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens (Dutch Data Protection Agency)
Naturally, we are eager to assist you if you have complaints regarding the processing of your personal data. If we are unable to resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you are entitled under the privacy act to file a complaint with the supervisory authority, in this case the Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens. Please contact the Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens.
Implementation
This (renewed) privacy declaration came into force on May 14, 2019. We may amend this privacy declaration from time to time. We recommend you review this privacy declaration regularly. If you would like to contact us with regards to this privacy declaration, please send an e-mail to helpdesk [28] differ [368] nl.
LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
Menu
Latest news
What really happens at the surface: photoelectrochemical cells
Read more news >
Events
December 15th 2020
M2I: Meeting Materials 2020
Full calendar >
CONTACT US WITH REGARDS TO THIS PRIVACY DECLARATION?
DIFFER helpdesk
mail: helpdesk [28] differ.nl
The Dutch Institute for Fundamental Energy Research conducts leading fundamental research in the fields of fusion energy and solar fuels, in close partnership with academia and industry.
To successfully transfer fundamental insights to society at large, we are actively building an energy science society through the formation of multidisciplinary networks. DIFFER is part of the institutes organisation of NWO.
Contact
Visiting address
De Zaale 20
5612 AJ Eindhoven
The Netherlands
+31 (0) 40 333 49 99
Mail address
P.O. Box 6336
5600 HH Eindhoven
The Netherlands
info [28] differ.nl
People
Vacancies
News and Events
Publications
Contact
Disclaimer and Privacy
Follow us
Subscribe to our newsletter
Search
Search
Part of
> Home> About DIFFER> Our researchFusion EnergySolar Fuels> Working at> DIFFER networkJoint programs> Our facilities> Sharing knowledge
> Our people
> Vacancies
> Internships and thesis projects
> News
> Events and Seminars
> Publications
> Contact
Search
Enter your keywords
Follow us