https://www.recyclingbydesign.org.uk/website-privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Waste Management
0800 211 8410
Waste Collections & Recycling
Home
Privacy Policy
The Website is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. The following policy sets out how your personal information will be used by The Website. This policy may be updated occasionally.
The policy comprises the following information:
What information about you is collected via the website? The Website collects information in one way only from our web site. We ask you for some personal information on our enquiry form.
Are cookies used?
We do NOT use cookies on our website.
How is your personal data used?
The Website uses the information we collect about you to fulfil any brochures you request. We also use the information to help us identify any changes we can make to improve the website. Lastly, we use the information to send you product and other relevant information that may be of interest to you, by e-mail or other means.
Who is collecting your personal data?
The Website is collecting the information for its sole use and will not pass your information to any third parties.
With whom may your personal data be shared?
The Website will not share your personal data with any third parties.</li>
What choices do you have in respect of information we collect, use and disclose?
The Website will not disclose any of your personal data unless we have sought and received your explicit permission. We may occasionally want to tell you about other The Website services. If you do not want us to do so, please tick the “opt-out” box provided. If you receive information from us and you do not want to continue receiving it, you will be given an opportunity on the information we have sent, to opt out of receiving further information from us.
How can you access, update or delete your information?
The Website has a duty to ensure that the personal information it holds about you is accurate and up-to-date. We therefore welcome updated contact details from you, and if you change email address, or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please email us or write to us at The Website
What security precautions are in place to protect your information?
The Website is committed to keeping personal information it holds, securely however name and address details are sent over the internet without being encrypted, and this means of transmission is never guaranteed to be completely secure. Information you send over the internet is, therefore sent at your own risk. Once received by The Website, information is stored securely on our systems.
Name*Email*Phone*Business*Requirement*
Get a FREE no-obligation quote...
Get a free quote for your commercial waste:
Free waste audit
Covers Leeds and beyond
Free waste container for new customers
Name*Email*Phone*Business*Requirement*
Recent client feedback
5/5
"We are very pleased with the service"
J Smith, Dentist
4/5
"FINALLY the best waste collection firm we have used"
Dave Jones, Office Manager
4/5
"We have cut our waste, and increased our recycling."
Mrs G Cross, Shop Owner
Home
Thanks
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Waste Management & Recycling
Privacy Policy – Terms & Conditions