https://www.nv5.com/privacy-terms-of-use/
Thank you for visiting our Website. By accessing or using this Website you accept these Terms of Use and we agree to abide by the Privacy Policy stated below. If you are unwilling to accept these Terms please exit our Website immediately. Throughout this page the pronouns “we” or “us”, means NV5 Global, Inc., (or NV5) and its affiliates, and the pronouns “you” or “your” means the person, organization, or entity that accesses this Website
Privacy Policy. We respect your privacy. Our Website includes modules where you can apply for a job, submit questions, request information, or make inquiries. In order for us to process these requests, you are asked to provide information relative to the inquiry, such as an e-mail address or (in some cases) your name. This information must be entered into the Website by you. Once the information is submitted it is directed to appropriate personnel within the Company for a response and handling.
If you submit information to us (e.g. a job application) we agree to protect your personal information consistent with normal industry practices for safeguarding such information. We may store and disclose personal information as allowed or required by applicable law and normal industry practice, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to (a) protect the rights, safety, or property of the Company or others and (b) conform to legal or regulatory requirements. We do not trade, sell, or rent your personal information. This site contains links to other websites and we do not control the privacy policies of those sites. This privacy statement only applies to information collected and maintained by us. NV5 ensures nondiscrimination and equal employment in all programs and activities in accordance with all federal laws, including Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
Intellectual Property. The information on this Website, including all design, text, images, white papers, news releases, and other information, is protected under United States and other copyright laws and is owned by NV5 or is used under license from the copyright owner. The information may not be copied, downloaded, reproduced, re-posted, transmitted, displayed, distributed, rented, sublicensed, altered, stored for subsequent use, or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner without the express prior written consent from NV5. NV5’s logos, trademarks, service marks, and images used on this site are the property of NV5 Holdings, Inc., and may not be used without the express prior written consent from NV5.
Governing Law. The laws of the State of Florida, without reference to any choice of law provisions, shall govern any claims relating to our Website or to the materials on it. You agree that any lawsuit or other action brought by NV5 and its Affiliates, you or any third party to enforce the Privacy and Terms of Use, or in connection with any matters related to this site, shall be subject only to the jurisdiction of either the state or federal courts located in Broward County, Florida.
Changes. NV5 reserves the right to change or modify the Privacy Policy & Terms of Use at any time. Any change or modification made by NV5 will be effective immediately upon posting on this site and your continued use of this site means that you have agreed to accept any changes or modifications made by NV5.
Disclaimer. While NV5 attempts to ensure that only accurate information is presented on this Website, we assume no responsibility for, and make no representations with respect to, the accuracy of any information presented here. Therefore, all materials and information are presented “AS IS,” and NV5 expressly disclaims any implied or expressed warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property relating to such material. In no event, shall NV5 be liable for any damages whatsoever arising from or related to your access to, or use of, our Website or the information or material presented herein.
Our Website may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by NV5. Accordingly, NV5 does not make any representations concerning the privacy practices or terms of use of such sites, nor does NV5 control or guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of the information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials available on such sites. Also, the inclusion or exclusion does not imply any endorsement by NV5 of the site, the site’s provider, or the information on the site.
Cautionary Language Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our Website may contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward looking statements including the use of forward-looking terminology, such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “assumes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “should,” “expect,” “strategy,” “future,” “will” and variations of these words and similar expressions. While we believe these statements are accurate, forward-looking statements are not historical facts and are inherently uncertain. We cannot assure you that these expectations will occur and our actual results may be significantly different. These statements by the Company and its management are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions and are not guarantees of future performance. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control, and actual results could differ materially from those presented in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the risk factors noted in NV5’s SEC filings (e.g., Form 10-K). Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Website is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. The Company disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, based on the occurrence of future events, the receipt of new information, or otherwise, except as required by law.
Should you have any questions about this statement please contact us via email at Legal@nv5.com.
Search for:
CELTIC ENERGY IS NOW NV5 – ENERGY EFFICIENCY SERVICES
If you’re not automatically redirected, please click on Energy Efficiency Services
×
This website uses cookies to continuously improve user experience.Accept & CloseRead More