http://www.hmc.edu/privacy-statement/
Home
Admission and Financial Aid
Academics
Clinic and Research
Student Life
About
Community
Giving
HomePrivacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Overview
Your privacy is important to us at Harvey Mudd College (“College”), and we are committed to protecting your personal information. Simply stated, our policy is to collect no personally identifiable information about you when you visit our website unless you actively choose to make such information available to us. This Privacy Statement generally describes how we collect, use and/or share information gathered by our websites. Please email questions about our Privacy Statement to info@hmc.edu.
I. Information Collected
During your visit to our website, we may collect and store some technical information. This is information automatically collected when you use the Website, such as your location, your activity on the Website such as the domain name of your Internet provider, which pages you visit, and the time and duration of your stay and includes other information collected via cookies, web beacons, or other technologies.
Personal Information
Personal, identifying information about you is collected and stored when you provide it voluntarily—for example, when you fill out and submit a web form or send us an email expressly containing such information. This information is used to provide you with more targeted information about the College or its programs.
Third-Party Service Providers
Companies that provide services to us—including companies that assist with payment processing, website, user, business analytics, data processing, account management, advertising, and other services—may collect information on the Website. However, our agreements with these service providers limit the types of information these companies collect, how they may collect it, and how they may use it. The Website content may be linked through other Internet websites or other platforms operated by other companies. Websites and platforms like these may be co-branded with our name or logo, but they are not operated or maintained by us, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of the websites or platforms operated by third parties. You should check the privacy policy of the other website or platform to determine how it handles any information it collects from or about you.
Shared Information
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of the College unless one of the following circumstances applies: (1) With your consent (we require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information); (2) For external processing (personal information is provided to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with the College’s Privacy Statement and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures); (3) For legal reasons (personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of the College if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: (a) meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request; (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations; (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; and (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of the College, our users or the public as required or permitted by law).
Children
This site is not directed to children under 13 years of age, does not sell products or services intended for purchase by children, and does not knowingly collect or store any personal information, even in aggregate, about children under the age of 13. We encourage parents and teachers to be involved in children’s Internet explorations. It is particularly important for parents to guide their children when they are asked to provide personal information online.
II. Technology Aggregator
Cookies
To optimize your web experience, we may store small amounts of information on your computer through the use of “cookies.” Cookies are small bits of information that are stored in separate files within your computer’s Internet browser. Cookies store information about your activities on a website or other platform. For example, cookies can store your session information for easy sign-in to a website or other platform you have previously visited. They enable us to make your use of the Website more enjoyable. Cookies are one way that we store this kind of information. We may also use cookies and similar technologies to relate your use of the Website we obtain from you or from reputable third parties, and to compile aggregate data. Our website does not require that you grant us the right to store cookies on your computer. If you choose not to, simply consult the documentation provided with your web browser to turn off the “accept cookies” feature.
Web Beacons
The College uses technologies that communicate information from your Internet browser or to a web server, including so-called “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs,” or similar means (collectively, “Pixel Tags”). Pixel Tags, which can be embedded in web pages, videos, or emails, can allow a web server to read certain types of information from your browser, check whether you have viewed a particular web page or email message, and determine, among other things, the time and date on which you viewed the Pixel Tag, the IP address of your computer, and the URL of the web page from which the Pixel Tag was viewed. We use Pixel Tags to improve your experience, including providing you with content customized to your interests.
Google Analytics
The College also collects anonymous information related to your age group, gender and interests through a service by Google® called Google Analytics. Google Analytics is software directed to collecting data, which can include other websites you have visited, duration of the visit to those other websites, the type of electronic device you are using and more. This information is used solely to provide us with a better understanding of how our Website is being used and to help us make it more useful to visitors like you. It is never used to identify you. If you wish to withhold this information, you can opt out of Google’s® advertising tracking cookie at  or use a browser plug-in to opt out of all Google Analytics tracking software.
III. Use of Links
This site contains links to other non-College Sites. The College is not responsible for the privacy practices and/or the content of such websites. Please be sure to check the individual privacy policies of those sites. The College is also not responsible for the privacy practices and/or content of the College’s business partners and/or their websites, even if the College’s brand appears on their page. The College is not responsible for any information collected by such websites.
IV. Use of the Website Text and Images
The Website comprises and contains intellectual property protected materials. The features, https://www.hmc.edu/ and other Harvey Mudd College marks, graphics, logos, text and scripts are intellectual property authored, invented and/or owned by the College (“Protected Content”). Use of Protected Content without permission is strictly prohibited and can result in the infringement of College intellectual property. If you would like to publish information that you find on our Website, or use our logo or images, please send your request to communications@hmc.edu.
V. Amendments To Privacy Statement
The College may need to change this statement from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our Website. We will post changes here so that you know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose that information to anyone. Changes and modifications to this statement will be effective immediately upon our posting of the changes and modifications on this Website.
VI. Accessibility
The www.hmc.edu Website is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities and to comply with federal guidelines concerning accessibility. If you have suggestions on how to make the site more accessible, please contact us at info@hmc.edu.
VII. Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”)
It is the policy of Harvey Mudd College (“College”) to respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement, in compliance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable laws. This page describes how to serve a Notice of Infringing Material and what to do if any material you have placed on any College sites, including www.hmc.edu becomes the subject of such a notice.
Before serving either a Notice of Infringing Material or a Counter-Notification, you may wish to contact a lawyer to better understand your rights and obligations under the DMCA and other laws. The following notice requirements are intended to comply with College’s rights and obligations under the DMCA and do not constitute legal advice.
Our response to these notices may include removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and/or terminating subscribers. If we remove or disable subscriber access in response to such a notice, we will make a good-faith attempt to contact the owner of the affected site, or the uploader of the affected material or post, so that they may make a counter notification. We may also document notices of alleged infringement on which we act. Your complaint will also be a matter of record. A copy of the legal notice may be sent to one or more third parties who may then make it available to the public.
Please be advised that you may be liable for damages if you materially misrepresent that information or other content is infringing your copyrights.
By using some of our services, you may license other customers to copy works you have uploaded into specific sections of those services or sites. Please examine any end user license agreements, any posted agreements and any terms of service in any situations where you and the alleged infringer are each a customer or subscriber to the same service, since you may have granted a license for some or all uses of your works at that College site.
If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and you believe that any content or link on one of College’s sites infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notice pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) by providing our Copyright Agent the following information in writing:
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the copyrighted work or works claimed to have been infringed;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing that copyrighted work, and URLs or similar information sufficient to permit us to locate that material on our websites and services;
Information to permit College’s agent to contact you: your address, telephone number and email address;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that is allegedly infringed.
Designated DMCA Agent
College’s designated DMCA Copyright Agent to receive Notices of Infringing Material is:
Roger Wiechman
Harvey Mudd College, 301 Platt Boulevard, Claremont, CA 91711
Email: helpdesk@hmc.edu
Phone: 909.607.4449
Only DMCA notices should go to our DMCA Copyright Agent. You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements listed, your DMCA notice may not be valid.
Account Termination
Some College services do not have account holders or subscribers. For services that do, College will, in appropriate circumstances, terminate repeat infringers. If you believe that an account holder or subscriber is a repeat infringer, please follow the instructions above to contact College’s agent and provide information sufficient for us to verify that the account holder or subscriber has been determined to be in violation of the DMCA repeatedly.
Counter-Notification
In some instances a user of one of College’s services who has uploaded or posted materials identified as described above may supply a counter-notification. The owner of an affected page or site on one of College’s services, or the provider of affected content on one of our services may make a counter-notification pursuant to sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DCMA. When we receive a counter-notification, we may reinstate the posts or material in question.
To file a counter-notification with us, you must provide a written communication (by regular mail or by email) that sets forth all of the items required by the DMCA. Please note that you may be liable for damages if you materially misrepresent that content or an activity is not infringing the copyrights of others. If you are not sure whether certain material infringes the copyrights of others, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.
This statement approved by the President’s Cabinet on June 1, 2016.