http://www.rankbrothers.co.uk/privacy-notice/
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Here at Rank Brothers Ltd we take your privacy seriously. This privacy notice explains what information we collect about you and how we use it.
Information we collect and how we use it
When you visit our website
When you visit our website we use Google Analytics to log information about your visit, our web server also collects similar information. This information does not include your identity or contact details but it does include your IP address as well as information about your device (for example, what web browser and operating system you are using). We use this information to help us improve our website.
When you use our Contact Us form
When you use our Contact Us form we will collect any information you provide. We require your name and email address in order to respond to your enquiry. We require your country in order to decide whether your enquiry should be handled by ourselves or one of our distributors (in which case we will provide you with the distributor's contact information). You may choose to provide us with your full address to allow us to more accurately quote delivery costs. If you choose to provide your phone number we may contact you about the enquiry by phone.
Any information collected from the Contact Us form will be used by Rank Brothers Ltd for handling your enquiry and any future purchase orders. We may use it to administer your account and to contact you via email and/or telephone as part of the enquiry or order process. We will not provide your information to any other organisations and we will not use it to advertise to you.
The Contact Us form is protected by reCAPTCHA, the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
When you email us
When you send us an email we will store it for future reference. We may also collect information from the email (for example, your name, address, and contact details).
Any information received by email will be used by Rank Brothers Ltd for handling your enquiry and any future purchase orders. We may use it to administer your account and to contact you via email and/or telephone as part of the enquiry or order process. We will not provide your email or the information it contains to any other organisations and we will not use it to advertise to you.
When you phone us
We do not record phone calls but we may collect any information you provide.
Any information collected over the phone will be used by Rank Brothers Ltd for handling your enquiry and any future purchase orders. We may use it to administer your account and to contact you via email and/or telephone as part of the enquiry or order process. We will not provide your information to any other organisations and we will not use it to advertise to you.
Your rights regarding the information we hold
Access to your information
If you would like to receive a copy of the information we hold on you then please email us at info@rankbrothers.co.uk. We will require verification of your identity before proceeding. We aim to respond to your request within 30 days.
Updating your information
If you would like us to update or remove information we hold on you then please email us at info@rankbrothers.co.uk. We will require verification of your identity before proceeding. We aim to respond to your request within 30 days.
Back to top