http://www.nevadainventors.org/privacy-policy
Menu Skip to right header navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerWe understand that privacy and the security of your personal information are extremely important. Because of that, this policy sets out what we do with your information and what we do to keep it secure. It also explains where and how we collect your personal information, as well as your rights over any personal information we hold about you.This policy applies to you if you use our products in a store, online, or otherwise by using our website or interacting with us on social media. This policy gives effect to our commitment to protect your personal information.Who we areOur website address is https://nevadainventors.org.What personal data we collect and why we collect itCommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.Contact formsWhen you contact us using the contact form we collect the data shown in the form.CookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsWho we share your data withWe share your data with MailChimp and ActiveCampaign, which is the third party email service provider, so we can send you the latest articles and other news.How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.Your rightsAccess and correction of your personal informationYou have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you in many circumstances. This is sometimes called a ‘Subject Access Request’. If we agree that we are obliged to provide personal information to you (or someone else on your behalf), we will provide it to you or them free of charge.Before providing personal information to you or another person on your behalf, we may ask for proof of identity and sufficient information about your interactions with us that we can locate your personal information.If any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate or out of date, you may ask us to correct it.If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us at tommy@nevadainventors.org.Right to stop or limit our processing of your dataYou have the right to object to us processing your personal information if we are not entitled to use it anymore, to have your information deleted if we are keeping it too long or have its processing restricted in certain circumstances.If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us at tommy@nevadainventors.org.Sharing your thoughtsWhen using our website, you may be able to share information through social networks like Facebook and Twitter. For example when you ‘like’, ‘share’ or review our products. When doing this your personal information may be visible to the providers of those social networks, and their other users. Please remember it is your responsibility to set appropriate privacy settings on your social network accounts so you are comfortable with how your information is used and shared on them.SecurityWe take security measures to protect your information including:limiting access to our computers to those that we believe are entitled to be there (by use of passes, and other related technologies);implementing access controls to our information technology, such as firewalls, ID verification, and logical segmentation and/ or physical separation of our systems and information;never ask you for your passwords;advising you never to enter your account number or password into an email or after following a link from an email.Contact usIf you would like to exercise one of your rights as set out above, or you have a question or a complaint about this policy, the way your personal information is processed, please contact us by one of the following means:By email: tommy@nevadainventors.org.FooterNevada Inventors Every advice a hobbyist or a professional needs. info@nevadainventors.orgOther InformationSitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Disclaimer