http://www.coloradohistory-oahp.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Colorado Archeo & History Blog
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Menu
Home
About Us
Latest Posts
Archaeological Site
Colorado Culture
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
Colorado Archeo & History Blog ("Colorado Archeo & History Blog")
operates coloradohistory-oahp.org and may operate other websites. It
is Colorado Archeo & History Blog policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Colorado Archeo & History Blog collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Colorado Archeo & History Blog purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Colorado Archeo & History Blog visitors use its website. From time to
time, Colorado Archeo & History Blog may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Colorado Archeo & History Blog also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on coloradohistory-oahp.org
blogs/sites. Colorado Archeo & History Blog only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Colorado Archeo & History Blog websites choose to interact
with Colorado Archeo & History Blog in ways that require Colorado Archeo & History Blog to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Colorado Archeo & History Blog gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at coloradohistory-oahp.org to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Colorado Archeo & History Blog are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Colorado Archeo & History Blog collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Colorado Archeo & History Blog. Colorado Archeo & History Blog does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Colorado Archeo & History Blog may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Colorado Archeo & History Blog may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Colorado Archeo & History Blog does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Colorado Archeo & History Blog discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Colorado Archeo & History Blog behalf or to provide services available
at Colorado Archeo & History Blog websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Colorado Archeo & History Blog websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Colorado Archeo & History Blog will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Colorado Archeo & History Blog discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Colorado Archeo & History Blog believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Colorado Archeo & History Blog, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Colorado Archeo & History Blog website and have supplied your email address, Colorado Archeo & History Blog
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Colorado Archeo & History Blog and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Colorado Archeo & History Blog takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Colorado Archeo & History Blog uses cookies to
help Colorado Archeo & History Blog identify and track visitors, their usage of Colorado Archeo & History Blog
website, and their website access preferences. Colorado Archeo & History Blog visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Colorado Archeo & History Blog websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Colorado Archeo & History Blog websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Colorado Archeo & History Blog, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Colorado Archeo & History Blog goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Colorado Archeo & History Blog may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Colorado Archeo & History Blog and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Colorado Archeo & History Blog may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Colorado Archeo & History Blog sole
discretion. Colorado Archeo & History Blog encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a coloradohistory-oahp.org account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
About Us
Colorado is widely recognized to be a preeminent destination and a location for historical value and archaeological sites. We want to bring more tourists to Colorado.
Read More
Recent Posts
Tips To Avoid Holiday Villa Fraud
Is It Possible To Make Money While Betting? Know The Truth Here
Why A Simple Website Is Your Best Choice
Moving Address – A List of Things to Change
Things To Consider When Exploring Real Estate Investments
Advertisement
Around the WebUpdated: Got voting questions? We’ve got more answers.Your thoughts on truth-telling and bias "Be the beacon that lets us see through the fog."A deleted voter story at a local Denver TV station has morphed into a monster Your weekly roundup of Colorado local news & mediaThe case for not holding our tonguesTest of Colorado mail finds delivery is timely — most of the timeColorado’s Michael Bennet introduces a federal bill to help save the local news Your weekly roundup of Colorado local news & media
Popular Post
Tips To Avoid Holiday Villa Fraud
Is It Possible To Make Money While Betting? Know The Truth Here
Why A Simple Website Is Your Best Choice
Moving Address – A List of Things to Change
Things To Consider When Exploring Real Estate Investments
Must Read
Tips To Avoid Holiday Villa Fraud
Is It Possible To Make Money While Betting? Know The Truth Here
Why A Simple Website Is Your Best Choice
Moving Address – A List of Things to Change
Things To Consider When Exploring Real Estate Investments
Popular Categories
Archaeological Site (4)
Colorado Culture (4)
Colorado Symbols (3)
Known Archaeologists (3)
Latest Posts (13)
Program Area Finds (2)
Useful LinksHome
About Us
Latest Posts
Archaeological Site
Colorado Culture
Contact Us
Copyright 2018. Colorado Archeo & History Blog. All rights reserved.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
×Close
Search