https://www.softree.com/about/privacy
Privacy Policy
HomeAboutPrivacy Policy
1. About this PolicyBy accessing and using our Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Before submitting your personal information to our Site, we recommend you to read this Privacy Policy carefully. This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, and disclose personal information that we obtain through your use of our Site.
2. About Softree Technical Systems Inc.We are Softree Technical Systems Inc, and we are based in #215 - 1000 Roosevelt Crescent, North Vancouver, BC, Canada.Our Site (and support website, support.softree.com) allows you to review information and access software downloads for our engineering software products. You can also connect with our support team and register for webinars.We benefit from your support inquiries and feedback since we can improve our products and services and have a better understanding of business needs.3. Sources and Types of Personal Data We Collect from YouWe receive and store any information you enter on our Site or give us in any other way; this may include information that can identify you (“personally identifiable information”).
You can choose not to provide information to us, but, in general, some information about you is required for you to access trial versions of our software, to submit a support inquiry or to register for a webinar.Information we collect from:a) Submitted Form Data
To use some of the forms and features of our Site, certain information may be required. For example, your business email address, name and company information is necessary if you want access to trials downloads. Other additional form information is voluntary.
b) Software Registration Data
Upon registration of a trial, your email address, computer ID and IP address are stored in our license manager portal; this is necessary for your trial in order to become activated. The computer ID will be permanently stored to prevent fraudulent use of the trial program.4. How We Use Your InformationSoftree Technical Systems uses the information we collect about you for registration and to manage your account, and to communicate with you. We also use your information for analytics, for marketing and advertising, and for support.
5. Your European Privacy RightsIf you reside or otherwise find yourself in the territory of Europe, we are committed to facilitate the exercise of your rights granted by the European Data Protection law.
Otherwise you can contact us at any time to discuss your privacy concerns.
Privacy rights under the European Data Protection law include:
Transparency and the right to information. Through this policy, we explain how we use and share your information. However, if you have questions or concerns, you can contact us any time.
Right of access, objection, restriction of processing, erasure, and portability. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time when we process your personal data based on your consent. To exercise these rights, please contact us.
Right to opt-out to direct marketing. You have the right to opt-out at any time to receiving marketing materials from us by following the opt-out instructions in our commercial emails, by contacting us.
Please note that we reserve the right to send you other communications, including service announcements and administrative messages relating to your Softree account, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. If you consider that the processing of your personal data infringes your privacy rights according to the European Data Protection law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in the member state of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of the alleged infringement.
6. Your California Privacy RightsCalifornia Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us.
7. Retention Periods and DeletionSoftree retains your personal information to the extent necessary to reasonably serve customer relations, to meet our compliance and legal obligations, to enhance security and fraud prevention, and for audit purposes.
8. How We Protect Your InformationWe want you to feel confident about using our Site, and we are committed to protecting the information we collect. While no website can guarantee security, we have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information you provide to us.
You should bear in mind that submission of information over the Internet is never entirely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of information you submit via our Site while it is in transit over the Internet, and any such submission is at your own risk.
9. Changes to this Privacy PolicySoftree may update this Privacy Policy in the future. We will notify you about material changes to this Privacy Policy by either sending a notice to the email address you provided to us and/or by placing a prominent notice on the Site.
10. How You Can Contact UsIf you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Or
Softree Technical Systems Inc., #215 - 1000 Roosevelt Crescent, North Vancouver, BC, Canada
Please provide your identification and contact details, including your email address used to register with this Site, and a complete explanation of your concern.
1000 Roosevelt Crescent
Suite 215
North Vancouver B.C.
Canada, V7P 3R4
North America:
866-519-6222 (toll free)
International:
604-519-6222
Support:
604-519-6222
support@softree.com
Top