https://www.savethemanatee.org/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomeAbout UsPrivacy Policy
Our Commitment to Our Donors
We will not sell, share or trade our donors’ names or personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations. This policy applies to all information received by Save the Manatee Club, both online and offline, on any Platform (“Platform”, includes the Save the Manatee website and mobile applications), as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications.
More specifically, Save the Manatee Club is committed to maintaining the privacy of those who visit www.savethemanatee.org.
Save the Manatee Club is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. Member information will not be sold, shared, or traded to other organizations. Save the Manatee Club collects information from site visitors at several different points on this website.
We collect only the domain name, but not the email address, of visitors to our web site, aggregate information on what pages visitors access, information volunteered by the visitor (such as survey information, email and other addresses), and other personal information.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web site, to notify visitors about updates to our web site, and alert visitors about issues and opportunities. Member information is not shared with other organizations. When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information, such as financial and mailing address information, we redirect visitors to a secure server. We have appropriate security measures in place at our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information we have collected from you at our site.
Financial Transactions
To process a charitable contribution or product purchase, it is necessary for Save the Manatee Club to gather the donor or visitor’s name, email address, mailing address, telephone, and payment information (e.g. credit card number and billing address). This data is used to verify identity and execute the financial transaction. Additionally, phone number and email address information may be used to contact donors or visitors if there is a problem with the transaction. We use cookies to store donor/visitor preferences and to record session information, such as items that they add to their shopping cart when making donations or purchasing manatee gift items.
Save the Manatee Club may use service providers (such as merchant banks) for the express purpose of conducting financial transactions. Personal information is kept private and secure, and member information is not sold, rented, or traded to third parties. It is important to note that credit card numbers are used only at the time of the transaction and are not stored following the conclusion of the transaction unless the visitor elects to store information for future transactions. For transactions that recur, credit card and personal information are stored in an encrypted format.
Manatee Webcams
Save the Manatee Club provides access to live webcams to watch manatees at Blue Spring State Park, located in Orange City, Florida. Email addresses may be requested and used for communication by the Club. Personal information is kept private and secure and is not sold, rented, or traded to third parties.
E-Newsletter/E-Postcards
If a site visitor chooses to send e-postcards from our site or subscribe to our e-newsletter through the sign-up form on our site, while making a donation, signing up for volunteer activities, or when using our advocacy service, Save the Manatee Club requests contact information such as name and email address.
Action Alerts
Save the Manatee Club provides an advocacy service allowing site visitors to contact policy makers on issues of concern. Contact information such as name, email address, and mailing address are requested and may be used for recurring communications. Personal information is kept private and secure and member information is not sold, rented, or traded to third parties.
Links
Save the Manatee Club provides links to other web sites. Save the Manatee Club is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. Site visitors are encouraged to be aware when they leave www.savethemanatee.org and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by www.savethemanatee.org.
Changes To This Policy
Save the Manatee Club reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without any obligation, to modify or correct any errors or omissions in any portion of this web site. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our web site periodically.
Contact Us
For questions regarding this policy statement or the practices of this site, you may contact us at the address below. You can also contact us to review or request changes to your contact information, if you do not want to receive email from us in the future, or if you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy.
Save the Manatee Club
500 N. Maitland Ave.
Maitland, FL 32751
Phone: 1-800-432-5646 or 407-539-0990
Email: education@savethemanatee.org
About Us
Our Vision and Mission
Staff
Contact Us
Jobs and Internships
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
How to Help
Report An Injury
Adopt-A-Manatee®
Renew Membership
Donate
Shop
Take Action!
Guardian Guides
Get Resources
Free Materials
For Boaters
For Swimmers & Divers
Volunteer
More Ways to Help
Manatees
Facts
Webcams
Viewing
FAQ
Reproduction
Sounds
Mortality
Population
Migration
Rescue and Rehab
Sirenians Of The World
Climate Change
Tracking
Education Materials
News
Press Releases
Opinion Editorials
Features
In the News
Press Resources/PSAs
Press Contact
Manatee Photos
Upcoming Events