http://www.bti-labs.com/pages/privacy
Skip to content
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Submit
Close search
Privacy
BTI Products collects customer information to improve your overall shopping experience with us. We respect your privacy and are committed to maintaining and using this information responsibly.  Except as otherwise mentioned below, this privacy policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on our website.  By visiting bti-labs.com you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.
Information We Collect About You
Any personal information you provide to us on our website is maintained in private files on our secure database server and our internal systems.  We collect information when you register or update your account, log-in, place an order, opt-in to receive our emails, or shop online.  This information may include, but is not limited to, name, email address, billing and shipping address, credit card information, and phone number.
How We Use This Information
BTI Products will not sell, rent, or share your email address with third parties to send you unsolicited email.  When you place an order on bti-labs.com, we use this information to process and track your order and contact you via email, phone, or fax if we have any questions or concerns regarding your order.  If you provide an email address during checkout, you will also receive an order confirmation email.We also maintain a record of your purchases made on bti-labs.com and combine this with information you have provided over the phone in order to serve you better.  We may combine information you provide with demographic information and information that is publicly available.  We may also use information about your product preferences and interests in order to improve our site design and enhance your shopping experience.In the unlikely event of a sale of some or all of our business, BTI Products may disclose your personal information to a purchaser that agrees to abide by the terms and conditions of this privacy policy.You should also be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if required to do so by law, governmental request or court order, or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with such law, request or court order, or to protect the users of our website or the public.
Our Marketing E-mails
At various points on our site you have the option to join our email list and receive information about our products, services, offers, and industry information.  Also, if you provide us with your email address when you register, place an order, or during checkout, you may automatically be added to our email list and receive marketing or promotional information from us.  If you do not wish to receive BTI Products marketing emails, you may opt-out by clicking on the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of all BTI Products marketing emails or by clicking the "Leave" button on the Email Sign-up page of our website.  You can also email customer service at products@bti-labs.com or call 800-798-4650.  You can also request removal via postal mail by writing to:
BTI Products, LLC652 Silver Hills RdBayfield, CO 81122
Please be aware that it can take up to 14 business days to remove you from our marketing email lists.  If you opt-out from our marketing emails, you will continue to receive order and shipping confirmation emails and all other emails relating to your order(s).
How We Work With Third Parties
BTI Products works with reputable third parties who perform services on our behalf. Sometimes these service providers need information about our customers in order to do their jobs, such as fulfill orders and promotions, maintain and manage our customer database, and report on customer behavior and/or preferences.  When BTI Products allows these service providers access to your information, we require them to maintain your information in the strictest confidence and do not permit them to use it in any way other than to help us provide you with better service.In addition, we may share statistical, demographic, and other non-personally identifiable information with third party companies to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications.
Your bti-labs.com Account
Personal information relating to you and your order history is only available to you if you provide the correct password that you create.  After providing your password, you can edit or delete your information at any time through the 'my account' page.If you forget your password, you can request that it be emailed to your email address. We will not give passwords out over the phone, nor will we email them to a different email address than the one used to register.Your address book, located in the 'my account' page, is your personal storage space. We do not use the names of the people in your address book to send email promotions or information by mail.You must be logged in to access your address book.  If you are using a public computer, be advised to never elect to have passwords remembered and to always log out of the website before leaving the computer.
Links to Other Sites
To enhance your shopping experience, the bti-labs.com site may have links to other sites. Those websites will have their own policies on privacy that you may wish to review.  BTI Products has no responsibility for these linked websites.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files automatically stored by your web browser.  Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information such as your name, address, or any financial information. We use cookies to recognize you and track items in your shopping cart and to allow access to your account manager.  BTI Products places a unique user ID number on your cookie that will improve your shopping experience by allowing you to hold items in your shopping bag and access your address book.Please note that if you disable cookies on your system, you will not be able to use our website.
Changing Email Preferences
If you want to change your postal or email address, please send us an email to products@bti-labs.com with the following:
The phrase "address change" in the subject line
Your name, complete old postal or email address, and the new address that you would like to change it to.
You will receive an email confirmation that your request has been received and processed.
Privacy of Young Children
BTI Products is concerned about the privacy of young children and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under 18.  We do not sell products for purchase by children—all products are for purchase and use by adults only.
Security
The security of your information is very important to us.  We use 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your online order information.  SSL technology encrypts your order information to protect it from being decoded by anyone other than BTI Products.Once you enter the checkout page, your computer will begin communicating with our server in secure mode.  You can tell that you are in secure mode by the following:
The "http" in the web address will be replaced by "https"
Depending on the browser, you will see either a padlock (Microsoft Internet Explorer, AOL, Netscape Communicator) or a solid key (Netscape Navigator) in the lower section of the browser window.
While we implement these and other security measures on our site, please note that 100% security is not always possible.
Accessing bti-labs.com from Outside the U.S.
If you are visiting bti-labs.com from a location outside of the United States, you will be connected through and to servers located within the United States.  All bti-labs.com orders will be accepted and fully processed in and shipped from the United States, and all information you provide will be securely maintained in our web server and internal systems located within the United States.
Policy Changes & Questions
BTI Products may update our privacy policy from time to time, and our use of the information we collect is subject to the terms of the privacy policy then in effect.  Whenever we make a change, we will post the updated policy at this site and we encourage you to check our policy periodically.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please contact us:
By email:    products@bti-labs.comBy phone:
970-884-4629                   8am - 5pm MT, Mon - Fri
By mail:
BTI Products, LLC652 Silver Hills RdBayfield, CO 81122
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.