https://www.mncorn.org/privacy-policy/
Search for:
search
Join
About
About MCGA
About MCR&PC
Get Involved
Become a Member
Event Calendar
Advocacy + Education
Farm Policy
Research
About
Agronomy and Plant Genetics
Corn Utilization
Fuels & Emissions
Livestock
Soil Fertility
Water Quality
Innovation Grants
Corn Topics
MN Ag Leadership Conference
About MALC
Agenda
Registration/Lodging
Sponsors
Proposed Groundwater Protection Rule
Groundwater Protection Rule
FAQs
Historical Timeline
Draft Vulnerable Groundwater Area Maps
Contact
Blog
Variety Plot
Corn Facts
Publications
Forms
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
500 E Travelers Trail, Suite 600 Burnsville, MN 55337
952 233 0333
MCGA understands that you care about your personal information and how it is used and shared. We want you to know that we share your concerns and we appreciate your trust in us. We use your contact information for in-house purposes only. We do not sell, rent, trade or share any of your information with 3rd party vendors.
What Personal Information does MCGA Gather?
We receive and store any information you enter on our website. This includes subscriptions to our mailings or e-newsletter, or submitting forms on our website. Sometimes we ask for personal information so that we can answer your questions and return your message. If you choose not to provide any of that personal information we may not be able to fulfill your request, but you will still be free to browse the other sections of the website owned and administered by MCGA.
Links to Other Websites
The MCGA website may contain links to third-party websites, social media profiles, nonprofits and other organizations.MCGA is not responsible for the privacy practices, policies, or content of such websites.
E-mail Communications
MCGA publishes an e-newsletter on a regular basis. You may subscribe to or unsubscribe from the e-newsletter email list at any time. Occasionally we may send announcements about MCGA to the e-newsletter mailing list. We do not sell, rent, trade or share our email list.
Automatic Information
When you visit the MCGA site, our servers make a log of basic information corresponding to the sites and pages you have visited. This information is stored primarily to track the effectiveness of our websites and individual sections and pages within them. At this time our website does not use cookies.
How Secure Is Information about Me?
All computers that receive or store personal information are secured by firewalls and other security measures. Additionally, sensitive data such as credit card numbers are encrypted using SSL and other industry standard measures to provide an additional level of security.
Terms of Use and Revisions
If you have concerns about privacy on the MCGA website, please email us at info@mncorn.org and we will respond as soon as we can. Changing business practices and technology may require that we make changes to this privacy policy from time to time. Any changes will be reflected on this website.