https://www.uoguelph.ca/web/privacy/
Toggle navigation
GryphMail
CourseLink
Directory
Library
Maps
Gryphlife
WebAdvisor
Weather
search help
search
Academics
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Studies
Distance Education
Academic Calendars
College of Arts
College of Biological Science
College of Physical & Engineering Sciences
College of Social & Applied Human Sciences
Gordon S. Lang School of Business & Economics
Ontario Agricultural College
Ontario Veterinary College
Ridgetown Campus
University of Guelph-Humber
Open Learning and Educational Support
About
About the University
Arboretum
Board of Governors
Senate
Senior Administration
International
President
Research
Services
Athletics
Bookstore
Campus Community Police
Communications & Public Affairs
Government Relations & Community Engagement
Computing & Communications Services
Hospitality Services
Human Resources
Student Affairs
Student Housing Services
More Services
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Web Design
Web Publishing
Web & Social Media
1. Introduction
This document serves as a guide to individuals or organizations seeking information about protection of privacy relative to personal information held by the University of Guelph or, more generally, about access to information under the custody and control of the University.
The University of Guelph is an autonomous institution incorporated under the University of Guelph Act (1964) and is supported, in part, by public funds. Within this context, the University operates with a high degree of self-regulation and accountability. Effective June 10, 2006, the University’s guidelines on “Protection of Privacy and Access to Information” will be overtaken by the fact that the provincial Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act has been amended to include Ontario universities.
Consistent with its commitment to accountability, the University actively disseminates information about its operations, activities, policies, practices and procedures regularly making public a wide range of information through, for example, its website and its official publications.
The University also institutes measures to protect the personal privacy of those who work, study and have studied here. The regulation of the collection, storage, utilization, and dissemination of personal information concerning its members is part of the University’s ongoing effort to ensure that decisions concerning individuals are based on accurate information, that information gathered for one purpose is not used inappropriately for another, and that the privacy of individuals is not invaded through disclosure of sensitive information to third parties without the necessary approvals.
All departments of the University are governed by relevant legislated provisions affecting personal privacy and access to information such as the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FIPPA), the Regulated Health Professions Act, the Health Protection and Promotion Act, the Health Care Consent Act, the Mental Health Act and the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.
To the extent that the University has records of a non-personal nature under its custody and control that are not covered by these various pieces of legislation, access will be granted to the extent possible without compromising the integrity of the University or its members, or prejudicing its ability to operate at the optimal level.
2. Requests for Information and Related Questions
Those seeking information from the University of Guelph should direct their inquiry to the academic or administrative unit most likely to be the source of the information. If the requestor is unsure about which academic or administrative unit to approach with their request, they may contact the University Secretariat at univsec@uoguelph.ca or call (519) 824-4120 ext. 56760 for guidance.
Questions concerning the University’s policies and processes that apply to requests for access to information or that pertain to its collection, use or disclosure of personal information may also be directed to the University Secretariat. The University Secretary has been designated by the University as the individual responsible for the administration of the University’s obligations under FIPPA and other relevant privacy and access legislation.
APPENDIX A
Commonly Referenced Websites with Information about University of Guelph Policies, Programs and Services
Policies
Academics
Admissions
Research
Services
Resource & Planning Reports
Financial Reports
Budget Development 2006-07
APPENDIX B
Regular Publications of the University of Guelph
At Guelph
The Portico
President’s Report
Research Facts
Research Magazine
Media Releases
APPENDIX C
Web Links to Privacy and Access Legislation
Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act
Health Care Consent Act
Health Protection and Promotion Act
Mental Health Act
Regulated Health Professions Act
Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
Personal Health Information Protection Act