http://www.aemes.co.uk/privacy-policy
Home
Who We Are
Events
Membership & Benefits
Contact Us
WELCOME TO AEMES
Privacy Policy
What personal data does The Society collect and what is it used for?
We use members’ data for the administration of membership; the communication of information, and the organisation of events. The data we routinely collect includes members’ names, telephone numbers, addresses and email addresses. We collect this data directly from our members when they join the Society
We publish news, including photographs, in the Envoy and the AEMES Journal.
Who is your data shared with?
Your personal data is not passed on by us to other organisations.
Where does this data come from?
Data for most of our members originally comes from them when they join or when they update their information.
How is your data stored?
This information is mainly stored in digital form on computers and in the form of written documents where necessary.
Who is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations?
Under the GDPR we do not have a statutory requirement to have a Data Protection Officer. The person who is responsible for ensuring we discharge our obligations under the GDPR is the Secretary of the Society.
Who has access to your data?
Members of the committee have access to members’ data in order for them to carry out their legitimate tasks for the Society. They are not free to use it for any other purpose.
What is the legal basis for collecting this data?
The Society collects personal data that is necessary for the purposes of its legitimate interests as a membership organisation For some data, such as keeping of minutes of meetings and that relating to financial matters, the basis for collection and retention is the general and efficient management of the Society.
How you can check what data we have about you?
If you want to see the basic membership data we hold about you, you should contact the Secretary. You can contact us with a “Subject Access Request” if you want to ask us to provide you with any other information we hold about you. If you are interested in any particular aspects, specifying them will help us to provide you with what you need quickly and efficiently. We are required to provide this to you within one month.
There is not usually a fee for this, though we can charge a reasonable fee based on the administrative cost of providing the information if a request is excessive, or for requests for further copies of the same information.
Does the Society collect any “special” data?
The GDPR refers to sensitive personal data as “special categories of personal data”.
The Society does not collect any special data.
How can you ask for data to be removed, limited or corrected?
Contact the Society Secretary or any Committee member.
How long we keep your data for, and why?
The Society normally keeps members’ data after they leave or their membership lapses in case they later wish to re-join. However, we will delete any former member’s contact details completely on request.
Other data, such as that relating to accounting matters, is kept for the legally required period.
Privacy Policy
Cookies
COPYRIGHT AEMES SOCIETY 2018, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read More