http://www.tiepie.com/en/privacy
Toggle navigation
Products
Oscilloscopes and probes
WiFi Oscilloscopes
USB Oscilloscopes
Probes & Accessories
Analyzers
EMI pre compliance tester
Signal generators
Arbitrary Waveform Generators
Software
Library
Multi Channel measurement software
Articles
Video's
Frequently used terms
LibTiePie SDK
Automotive
English
Nederlands
Home
/
Privacy
Privacy statement TiePie engineering
When you order something from TiePie engineering, we need your details in order to have your order delivered.
Your personal details are always taken care of and are stored in a secure way and location.
Where we use your personal details for and why we need them is explained here.
If you have questions after reading our privacy statement, please contact our support department.
This privacy statement can be changed when new developments require that.
The most recent privacy statement is found at
www.tiepie.com.
We recommend you to read it on a regular basis, to stay up to date with the modifications.
You will always see the last date of modification here.
This privacy statement is last edited at 24 May 2018.
Contents1 Who is responsible for processing personal details?2 When does this privacy statement apply?3 What is personal data?4 From whom do we collect personal data and how do we get that data?5 Which data do we process, where do we use it for and how long do we save it?5.1 Information for processing your order5.2 Information about your contact with our support department5.3 Personalized e-mails6 With whom are your data shared?6.1 Foreign distributors6.2 Distribution and logistic partners6.3 Government7 Where do we store your data?8 How are your data secured?9 What rights can you exercise with regard to your data?9.1 Right to information9.2 Right of inspection9.3 Right to correction9.4 Right to object9.5 Right to data portability9.6 Right to be forgotten9.7 Right to file a complaint10 Questions
Who is responsible for processing personal details?
TiePie engineering (TiePie), Koperslagersstraat 37, 8601 WL
Sneek, The Netherlands, Chamber of commerce 01054829,
is responsible for processing the data as described in this document.
When does this privacy statement apply?
This privacy statement applies to all personal data that TiePie processes of everybody who has (had) contact with
TiePie, like visitors of our website, customers and users who register their instrument(s).
TiePie includes the following websites:
tiepie.com
tiepie-automotive.com
What is personal data?
Personal data is all data that can be traced back to you as individual.
These are e.g. name, telephone number, address or e-mail address.
It also includes data like your IP address or TiePie customer number.
And other information that is unique to you, like e.g. your purchasing history.
From whom do we collect personal data and how do we get that data?
We process personal data of everybody who has (had) contact with TiePie, like (potential) customers.
We get this data directly from you, wen you visit our website, place an order, register a purchased instrument with us
and when you contact our support department.
Which data do we process, where do we use it for and how long do we save it?
Information for processing your order
When you order something from us, we need certain information from you to be able to deliver your order and contact
you about your order.
Also in case of returning goods or repairs, this information is needed.
Therefore we collect your name, e-mail address, delivery address(es), payment information and telephone number.
This information is required to execute the agreement you have with us.
By law we must keep this information for at least 7 years,
because of our life time support we keep this information for an undetermined amount of time.
Information about your contact with our support department
You can contact our support department per e-mail and by telephone.
By saving your information, we can help you faster and better a next time you contact us.
The remarks about this customer contact is therefore saved for an undetermined amount of time.
Personalized e-mails
When we have news that might be interesting for you, we like to share that with you.
WE do that via e-mail.
When you are our customer or you have registered your instrument with us, we will send you news bulletins about
new products, new software or other actions.
When you do not want to receive this kind of information, you can unsubscribe from the news letters using a link in the
latest received newsletter.
With whom are your data shared?
Foreign distributors
When you are located outside The Netherlands and request information from TiePie or order products,
and TiePie engineering has a local distributor in the country where you are located,
we can pass your name and (e-mail) address and information request or order on to that distributor,
so you can get information and support in your own language.
The distributor requires this information to supply you the requested information or make the sales agreement.
Distribution and logistic partners
In order to finalize your order, we work with several logistic partners like PostNL, GLS, DHL, UPS and FedEx.
Our logistic partners receive your name and address from us.
They need this information to deliver your parcel at the address you requested.
Government
Sometimes we have to supply personal data to the government.
This may occur first of all if certain government institutions need this data for the performance of their
duties, such as the tax authorities.
The police or judicial authorities may also need certain information in the event of fraud or abuse.
Finally, certain supervisors can have access to personal data in the context of an investigation.
Where do we store your data?
We store your data within the European Economical Area ("EEA"), on secure servers.
E-mail addresses for the newsletters are stored in accordance with the GDPR on secure servers of the service we use
for this purpose.
How are your data secured?
Your personal data is stored on secure servers and only accessible to employees for whom it is necessary that
they work with it.
What rights can you exercise with regard to your data?
Right to information
You have the right to an understandable and transparent explanation of how we handle your personal data and which
rights you can exercise in that respect.
In this privacy policy we have therefore explained in detail what information we collect from you and how we handle
your data.
Right of inspection
You have the right to request access to us at any time in the data that we have available about you.
You can request this by sending an e-mail to info@tiepie.nl.
We process requests within 30 days at the latest.
Right to correction
You have the right to have your personal data corrected if they are incorrect or outdated and / or to have them
supplemented if they are incomplete.
You can do so by sending an e-mail to info@tiepie.nl.
Right to object
You have the right to object to the processing of your data if you do not agree with the way we process your personal
data.
This right applies to the data we use for sending newsletters.
You can ask us not to send you newsletters any longer.
You can do this via a special link in the last received newsletter or by e-mail to mailings@tiepie.nl
Right to data portability
You have the right to receive data that you have provided to us under the agreement (s) you have concluded with us
in a machine-readable format, so that you can keep this data in a database of you or another party.
This concerns your name, address and residence details and order history.
You can request this by sending an e-mail to info@tiepie.nl.
Right to be forgotten
You have the right to request that we remove all information that we have from you.
When you submit a request to delete your data, we will delete data that is traceable to you except for the data
that by law we must or may store.
You can request this by sending an e-mail to info@tiepie.nl.
Right to file a complaint
You have the right to file a complaint about how we handle your data.
If you have a complaint, we prefer to solve it yourself.
Please contact info@tiepie.nl
You also have the right to refer your complaint to the Dutch Data Protection Authority.
Questions
If you have any further questions, please contact info@tiepie.nl
Pages
Download
About us
News
Articles
Contact / Support
Recalibration
RMA
Sales
Pricelist
Ordering
Shipping
Payment
Distributors
General sales conditions
CONTACT US
Koperslagersstraat 37
8601 WL SNEEK
The Netherlands
+31 515 415 416
+31 515 418 819
info@tiepie.nl
Privacy
Cookies
General Sales Conditions
End-User License Agreement
All listed prices are excluding VAT and shipping cost.
© Copyright 2020 TiePie engineering. All rights reserved.
We use cookies.
This website uses functional cookies for functional purposes.
These cookies are always placed and read.
This website can also use non-functional cookies, for analytic purposes.
When placing non-functional cookies, traceable data is processed.
When you click the "Accept" button you will allow placing non-functional cookies.
Accept
Refuse