http://www.srs.fs.usda.gov/sustain/privacy.htm
Southern Forest Resource Assessment
led by the USDA Forest Service's
Southern Region and
Southern Research Station
in collaboration with the
USEPA,
US Fish & Wildlife,
TVA, and
state forestry agencies of the Southern United States
Privacy
Policy
The Southern Forest Resource Assessment
web site follows privacy and security guidelines of its host site, the Southern Research
Station. Visitors are urged to review those policies explained on the
Station's Privacy and Security Notice. Public input has been
an important and integral feature of the Assessment, and therefore amplification on specific
policies for the Assessment pages is called for.
Our privacy policy is clear: We will collect no personal information about
you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to
us. Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website:
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If
you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read pages, or
download information, we will gather and store certain information about your
visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically
collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The IP address used by your computer when you visited the site (an IP address is
a number assigned to your computer for whenever you are on the Internet);
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The page you are visiting;
and
The URL of the page whose link you followed to get to this
page.
We use this information to help us make our site more
useful to visitors - to learn about the number of visitors to our site, the
types of technology our visitors are using to view our site, and the pages they
were most interested in visiting. We do not track or record information about
individuals and their visits, and we do not store cookies on your computer.
If You Send Us Personal Information
If you choose to
provide us with personal information either by sending email to someone or by
filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it to us
through our website, we use that information to respond to your message, to
improve the Assessment, and to help us provide for you the information you have
requested. We treat e-mails the same way that we regard letters sent to the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. We are required to maintain many documents under the
Presidential Records Act for historical purposes, but we do not collect personal
information for any purpose other than to respond to you. We only share the
information you give us with another government agency if 1) they are affiliated
with the Assessment, 2) your inquiry relates to that agency, or 3) as otherwise
required by law. Moreover, we do not create individual profiles with the
information you provide or to give it to any private organizations. The U.S.
Department of Agriculture in general and this site in particular does not
collect information for commercial marketing.
Links to Other Sites
Our website has links to other
federal agencies as well as to other web sites. Once you access another site
through a link that we provide you are subject to the privacy policy of the new
site. As with use of trade, firm, or corporation names on this web site such
links are for the information and convenience of the reader. Such use does not
constitute an official endorsement or approval by the United States Department
of Agriculture of any product or service to the exclusion of others that may be
suitable.
Website Security
Information presented on the USDA
website is considered public information and may be distributed or copied. Use
of appropriate byline/photo/image credits is requested.
For site
security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all
users, this government computer system employs software programs to monitor
network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change
information, or otherwise cause damage.
Except for authorized law
enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual
users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and
are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and
Records Administration General
Schedule 20.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change
information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under
the Computer
Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National
Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
Equal
Opportunity The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Forest Service is a diverse organization committed to equal opportunity in
employment and program delivery. USDA prohibits discrimination on the basis of
race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age, disability, political
affiliation and familial status. Persons believing they have been discriminated
against should contact the Secretary, U.S.D.A., Washington, DC 20250, or call
202/720-7327 (voice) or 202/720-1127 (TDD). Comments or
Questions If you have any comments or questions about the
information presented here please forward them to its webmaster at jpye@fs.fed.us
Assessment Home |
SRS Home
modified:
5-JUL-2000
webmaster:
John M. Pye