http://www.gulfenergyinfo.com/pages/cookie-policy
Home
About Us
Our Team
Board of Directors
Careers
Our Brands
Sectors
Upstream
Midstream
Downstream
Business Strategy
Infrastructure
Corporate Subscriptions
Market Intelligence
Blog
Gulf News
Events
Stores
Gulf Store
PE Store
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
COOKIES
Cookie Settings
This page explains what cookies are, how we use them on the Gulf Energy Information websites and your options for controlling them.       Please note:
Not all the cookies listed here will necessarily be used on each website.
If you send us a request in relation to activity logging on our websites as explained in the table below, this will apply to your use of all our sites so you only need to make one request.
What are cookies?
Cookies are pieces of information which include a unique reference code that a website transfers to your device to store and sometimes track information about you. A number of cookies we use last only for the duration of your web session (“session cookies”) and expire when you close your browser. Other cookies are used, for example, to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer (“persistent cookies”). Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. They are uniquely assigned to your device and are sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit (if they last longer than a web session) or to another website that recognizes that cookie.
Some of the cookies used by our sites are set by us, and some are set by third parties who are delivering services (such as interest based advertising and web analytics) on our behalf.
What do we use cookies for?
Some cookies are essential to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website or areas with paid-for content. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like shopping baskets, cannot be provided. Because such cookies are essential for using a site, these cookies cannot be turned off without severely affecting your use of the website.       Other cookies perform various functions, as the table below explains, together with your options for controlling them.
Some cookies may also be controlled by using your web browser settings. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set.
You can also learn more about cookies in general by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies using different types of browser.
For more general information about online behavioral (interest based) advertising and how it uses cookies, you may wish to visit www.youronlinechoices.com
Our cookies and your options:
Type of cookie
Example
What it does
Your options
Performance
BIGipServereuro      moneyfxnews-pool
These cookies allow us to manage the technical performance of the website such as load balancing to ensure that the site is available to all users
You may set your browser to reject these cookies but this is likely to affect your use of the site
Functionality
ISDefaultCurrency
These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience. For example, they allow the website to remember selections such as language, currency, region or changes to text size and to remember you on return visits. They may also be used, for example, to remember the point you have reached in a survey so that you can return to it later.
By choosing an option such as remember me, text size or participating in a survey or similar services that necessitate the use of a cookie, you will be indicating your consent to that cookie.
You may set your browser to reject these cookies but this is likely to affect your use of the site.
Activity logging - websites
ASP.NET_sessionId
This cookie is essential to authorize your access to content and services that are not publicly available including paid-for content.      If you are a registered user, trialist or subscriber, when you log on, this places a cookie on your machine.      Once you are logged on, we use this cookie to monitor your activity on our websites, for example, which articles you read. This is for the following    purposes:       We need to ensure compliance with your user license and adherence to our terms and conditions as part of your trial or subscription. (Our terms and conditions are published on our websites and can be accessed by a link in the footer of each page)       For customer service purposes to provide users with a tailored service and to develop products and services reflecting our users’ needs
If you would prefer us not to use your activity log for customer service purposes, you can request that we anonymize it for these uses. This will affect our ability to understand your requirements and personalize your browsing experience in the future.
To request anonymization please email us at Privacy@GulfEnergyInfo.com     Please include the following details:       Your user name that you use to access our website(s) – this will be an email address       Your name       Your company name       The Gulf Publishing Holdings LLC website(s) you use
Third  party cookies:
Third party
What it does
Where to go for further information on these cookies including turning them off
AdSense
Google AdSense is a program run by Google that allows publishers in the Google Network of content sites to serve automatic text, image, video, or interactive media advertisements that are targeted to site content and audience.
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
ClickTale
ClickTale is a web analytics service. Records of individual browsing sessions are translated into information that helps website designers make websites easier to use and simpler to navigate.
http://www.clicktale.net/disable.html
ComScore
ComScore is a web market research, analytics and measurement provider.
ScorecardResearch conducts research by collecting Internet web browsing data and then uses that data to help show how people use the Internet, what they like about it, and what they don’t. Surveys and web tags used do not collect personal information.
http://www.scorecardresearch.com/privacy.aspx
DoubleClick / DFP (Double-Click for Publishers) / DART
DoubleClick is a service provided by Google. Its cookies are used to serve advertising relevant to users’ interests and measure the effectiveness of online marketing campaigns for our sites.
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/
Google Adwords
Displays advertisements prompted by search terms entered into the Google search box. We use Google Adwords to display advertisements about our products and services.
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps us to understand how our users engage with our websites and so allows us to better tailor our websites to our users’ needs.      The tool uses a cookie in order to evaluate use of content and compile reports for us on activity on our websites and Apps.
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Google Analytics – Advertiser Features
Some of our sites may use these Features including Demographics and Interest Reports.     Where these Features are enabled, Google Analytics will collect data about our website traffic via Google advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers*, in addition to data collected through the standard Google Analytics implementation.     The Demographics and Interest Reports will not contain personally identifiable data but they may pull in browsing data from these additional sources.     (*An anonymous identifier is a random string of characters that is used for the same purposes as a cookie on platforms, including certain mobile devices, where cookie technology is not available.)
To opt out of Google Analytics please follow this link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
To check your Google ads settings and opt out of Google Ads, please follow this link:     http://www.google.com/settings/ads
To prevent anonymous identifiers* being used for Google Analytics/Ads purposes on your mobile device:
Android
1.      Open the Google Settings app on your device2.      Select Ads
iOSDevices with iOS 6 and above use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To  learn more about limiting ad tracking using this identifier, visit the Settings menu on your device.
Lotame
Lotame is a third party service for serving third party online advertising across online and mobile platforms. It uses a cookie to record online behavior in order to show relevant advertising.
http://www.lotame.com/opt-out-preference-manager
Nielsen Standard
Nielsen Standard provides online audience measurement and analysis services
http://www.nielsen-online.com/corp.jsp?section=leg_prs&nav=1
Optimizely
Optimizely provides a range of website analytics services that enable us to better understand how our websites are used.
https://www.optimizely.com/opt_out
Quantcast
Quantcast is an audience measurement and real-time advertising tool
https://www.quantcast.com/opt-out/
Qubit
Qubit provides website optimisation and analytics services.
Qubit does not track users across domains and therefore do not provide a universal opt out. Please use your browser settings to block or delete the Qubit cookie
Webtrends
Webtrends is a web analytics tool that performs similar functions to Google Analytics in helping us to understand how our users engage with our websites. If you have not logged in and are browsing anonymously, if you subsequently register or are already registered on our web site(s), your online actions on our websites may retrospectively be linked to your user details, and therefore ascribed to you. This is done using information stored in the Webtrends cookies and captured in pixel files unless you have deleted the Webtrends cookie or registered an opt out with Webtrends. This information provides us with a full picture of how our customers interact with our sites to better understand their interests in order to tailor our services and products.
You may opt out of the Webtrends cookie by clicking the link in the next column.
http://kb.webtrends.com/articles/Information/Opting-out-of-Tracking-Cookies-1365447872915
If you would like further information or guidance on cookies, please contact us at Privacy@GulfEnergyInfo.com.
Policy last updated: April 2018
About Us
Our Team
Board of Directors
Gulf News
Careers
Contact Us
Sectors
Upstream
Midstream
Downstream
Business Strategy
Infrastructure
Our Brands
Energy Web Atlas
Gas Processing & LNG
Hydrocarbon Processing
Petroleum Economist
Pipeline & Gas Journal
Underground Construction
World Oil
Stores
Gulf Store
PE Store
Sitemap
Copyright © 2020 Gulf Publishing Holdings LLC. All Rights Reserved.
All material subject to strictly enforced copyright laws.
Please read our Terms & Conditions,
Cookies Policy and
Privacy Policy before using the site.