http://www.rouxinc.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:  January 1, 2020
Roux Associates, Inc. and its affiliates, Roux Environmental Engineering and Geology, D.P.C and Remedial Engineering, P.C. (“Roux” or “We”) are committed to your privacy.  This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes our practices in connection with information that We collect online, through use of this website, related systems and information (collectively, the “Site”) and offline.
With respect to your including information submitted or collected on the Site, you (“You”) agree that by visiting the Site, You agree that Your personal information will be handled as described in this policy and accept Roux’s Policy as set forth herein.
How We Collect Personal & Other Information
Personally Identifiable Information, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to that would allow someone to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context such as Your name, physical or electronic mail address, and telephone number.  Personally Identifiable Information does not include aggregated information that, by itself, does not permit the identification of individual persons or Activity Information (as defined below).
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
The Site is designed so that You may generally browse it without providing any Personally Identifiable Information.  Certain areas of the Site, however, may require or allow the voluntarily submission of Personally Identifiable Information such as Your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help You with Your experience. We and our service providers may also collect Personally Identifiable Information online in other ways in connection with our services, including through social media properties (“Our Social Media”); through email messages that we send to You that link to this Policy (“Emails”); and through Your registration process for newsletters, seminars, webinars and events. We also may collect Personally Identifiable Information offline in a variety of ways in connection with our services, including when You participate in a contractual arrangement for services; when You provide information in conjunction with our services; or when You interact with us at a Company or other networking event. Roux uses Your Personally Identifiable Information for the purposes for which it was submitted by You to Roux and for Roux to send You publications and invitations that may be of interest to You. Except as otherwise set forth in this Policy, Roux does not share Your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties.
Collection of Other Information
When You use the Site, which may be hosted in part or its entirety by a third party, the Site will collect information indirectly and automatically (through, for example, the use of “cookies” or Your “IP address”) about Your activities. Roux uses this activity information (the “Activity Information”) for internal purposes such as to administer and improve the Site, and help Roux understand how the Site is being used.  We and our service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways.  Other Information is any information that does not reveal Your specific identity or does not relate to an identifiable individual.  We may collect and process the following Other Information:
Browser and device information;
Usage data;
Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies. For more information regarding our use of cookies, please review our cookie notification below;
Demographic information and other information provided by You that does not reveal Your specific identity; and
Information that has been aggregated in a manner such that it no longer reveals Your specific identity.
If we are required to treat Other Information as Personally Identifiable Information under applicable law, then we will collect, use and disclose it for the purposes for which we collect, use and disclose Personally Identifiable Information as detailed in this Policy.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to Your computer’s hard drive (not on the site) through Your web browser (if You allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize Your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have Your computer warn You each time a cookie is being sent, or You can choose to turn off all cookies. You can do this through Your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at Your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify Your cookies.
You are always free to decline cookies if Your browser permits, but in that case, some portions of the Site that make Your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
Analytics and Third-Party Behavior Tracking
It’s important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking.  We use Google Analytics and other third parties which use cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the services and report on activities and trends.  This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ and opt out of them at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Google’s policy is found at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
To learn about our other third party vendors’ practices please go to https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy and https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Information Use
We may use the Personally Identifiable Information we collect from You when You fill out a form, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other Site features in the following ways:
To provide services;
To send periodic emails regarding Your project or other products and services;
To follow up in reply to correspondence (live, email, or phone inquiries);
To fulfill Your event registration for seminars, webinars or other marketing events;
To provide You with our newsletter, publications, updates, mailings and other information about Roux;
To allow You to send service-related content to another person through our services if You so choose;
For data analysis, for example, to improve the efficiency of our Site and services;
For audits, to verify that our internal processes function as intended and are compliant with legal, regulatory or contractual requirements;
For fraud and security monitoring purposes, for example, to detect and prevent cyberattacks or attempts to commit identity theft;
To meet our legal and regulatory obligations;
For enhancing, improving, or modifying our current products and services;
For identifying usage trends, for example, understanding which parts of our services are of most interest to users;
For determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, so that we can adapt our campaigns to the needs and interests of our users; and
For operating and expanding our business activities, for example, understanding which parts of our services are of most interest to our users so we can focus our energies on meeting our users’ interests.
Protection of Information
Roux has implemented and follows reasonable and appropriate technical measures to protect against the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access to, erroneous disclosure of, alteration of and unlawful interception of Personally Identifiable Information.  However, please be advised that no data security measure can unconditionally guarantee security.
Your Personally Identifiable Information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems because of their business need to know.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Roux does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties Your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. However, Roux may share Personally Identifiable Information with third parties, including affiliated firms and third parties performing services for or on behalf of Roux such as website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our clients, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. Such third-party services may include communications, database, event management, hosting, human resources, mailing, and marketing services. Additionally, Roux cannot fully ensure that Your Personally Identifiable Information will not be disclosed to third parties. For example, Roux may be legally obligated to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may circumvent Roux’s security measures to unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or an error may occur in the administration of the Roux Site. In the unlikely event that Roux needs to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, Roux may, and You authorize Roux to, disclose any information about You to government officials as permitted by applicable law.
Special Notification about Webinars
Webinars offered as a service to users of our services (“Webinars”) are hosted by unaffiliated third-party vendors, not by Roux.
Our third-party vendors require users to provide Personal Information. This Personal Information may include name, email address, and other personally identifiable information. Please note that this Personal Information is collected by our vendors and/or by us. We encourage You to read the privacy statements of our vendors, which control how such vendors handle Personal Information provided by You to register for and participate in the Webinars.
Additionally, our third-party vendors provide us with Personal Information about users of our Webinars. We use this Personal Information to track attendance, to facilitate future communication with such users, and for other purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Removal of Personally Identifiable Information
Roux will use reasonable efforts to remove Your Personally Identifiable Information from our then current Roux Site at any time upon Your written request to privacy@rouxinc.com. Such removal of Personally Identifiable Information will not ensure the permanent removal of such Personally Identifiable Information from the Roux Site. For example, such Personally Identifiable Information may remain in Roux’s archival or backup copies of the Roux Site.
Third-party links
The Site may contain links to third-party websites.  Any access to and use of linked websites is not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites. Roux is not responsible for the privacy and information or other practices of such third-party websites.
Changes to this Policy
This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy on our Site. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from You, we will endeavor to provide You with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our Site, or via email notifications.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this Policy, You may contact us at privacy@rouxinc.com or 1-800-306-2406.
Important Additional Information for California Residents
This section provides specific information for California residents, as required under California privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). California privacy laws require that we provide California residents information about how we use their personal information, whether collected online or offline, and this section is intended to satisfy that requirement.
Under the CCPA, “personal information” is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular resident or household.
Notice of Collection
Below please find the categories of personal information about California residents that we may collect and/or disclose to third parties or service providers.
Name, Contact Information and Identifiers: Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, telephone number, signature, Internet Protocol address, email address, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number or other similar identifiers.  We may obtain this information from (1) You when You use our website, social media platforms or otherwise communicate with us; (2) joint marketing partners and event sponsors, when they share that information with us; and (3) from You, employment recruiters, or referral sources when You apply for a job with us or become employed by us.
Protected Classifications: This may include characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law such as race, color, sex, disability, and age.  We may obtain this information from You when You apply for a job with us or in the course of Your employment by us.
Information necessary to provide our products and services to You: This may include order information and payment, credit and transaction information for billing purposes.  We may obtain this information from You and may share it with vendors who provide services on our behalf, such as to provide our products and services to You and manage our relationship with You.
Commercial Information: This may include products or services purchased, obtained or considered; and other purchase histories or tendencies.  We may obtain this information from You and may share it with vendors who provide services on our behalf, such as to provide our products and services to You and manage our relationship with You.
Usage Data: Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, and information regarding Your interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.  We may obtain this information from You and may share it with vendors who provide services on our behalf, such as to provide our products and services to You and manage our relationship with You.
Geolocation information: We, or our third-party vendors who provide services on our behalf, may obtain this information from You and Your devices through various location technologies and use this information to provide services to You, such as improve the Site and to provide products and services to You based on Your geographic location.
Professional, employment-related, and educational information: We may obtain this information from You, employment recruiters and referral sources when You apply for a job with us or become employed by us. We may use and share this information with vendors who provide services on our behalf, such as to manage our human resources activities or perform background checks.
Inferences: These may be drawn from any of the categories of personal information listed above to create a profile about You regarding Your preferences, and in connection with an application for employment, Your abilities and aptitudes. We may develop these inferences internally or obtain this information from vendors who provide services on our behalf, such as to assist us with our business.
The Purposes for Our Collection
We collect and use these categories of personal information for our business purposes described in the “Information Uses, Sharing and Disclosure” section above, including sharing information with website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users in communications, database, event management, hosting, mailing, and marketing services.
California law grants California residents certain rights and imposes restrictions on particular business practices as set forth below.
Do-Not-Sell: Roux does not sell Your personal information to other entities.
Initial Notice: We are required to notify California residents, at or before the point of collection of their personal information, the categories of personal information collected and the purposes for which such information is used.
Verifiable Requests for Right to Know, Copy, and Deletion: Subject to certain exceptions, California residents have the right to make the following requests, at no charge, up to twice every 12 months:
Right to Know: The right to request that we provide them certain information about how we have handled their personal information in the prior 12 months, including the:
Categories of personal information collected;
Categories of sources of personal information;
Business and/or commercial purposes for collecting their personal information;
Categories of third parties/with whom we have disclosed or shared their personal information;
Categories of personal information that we have disclosed or shared with a third party for a business purpose; and
Categories of personal information disclosed.
Right to a Copy: The right to request a copy of the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about them in the prior 12 months and to have this delivered, free of charge, either (a) by mail or (b) electronically in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows the individual to transmit this information to another entity without hindrance.
Right of Deletion: The right to request deletion of their personal information that we have collected about them, subject to certain exemptions, and to have such personal information deleted, except where necessary that we maintain such personal information in order to:
Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by the consumer, or reasonably anticipated within the context of a business’s ongoing business relationship with the consumer, or otherwise perform a contract between the business and the consumer.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity.
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with the expectations of the consumer based on the consumer’s relationship with the business.
Comply with a legal obligation or exercise a right provided under the law.
Otherwise use the consumer’s personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which the consumer provided the information.
Submitting Requests:  Requests to exercise the right to a copy, right to deletion, and/or the right to know may be submitted by contacting us at 1-800-306-2406 (toll free) or by emailing us at privacy@rouxinc.com. We will respond to verifiable requests received from California consumers as required by law.
Incentives and Discrimination
The CCPA prohibits discrimination against California residents for exercising their rights under the CCPA and imposes requirements on any financial incentives offered to California residents related to their personal information.
Disclosure of Incentives:  If businesses offer any financial incentives for the collection, sale or deletion of their personal information, residents have the right to be notified of any financial incentives offers and their material terms, the right to not be included in such offers without prior informed opt-in consent, and the right to be able to opt-out of such offers at any time. Businesses may not offer unjust, unreasonable, coercive or usurious financial incentives. We do not offer any incentives at this time.
Discrimination:  Businesses may not discriminate against residents who exercise their rights under CCPA. Discrimination may exist where a business denies or provides a different level or quality of goods or services, or charges (or suggests that it will charge) different prices or rates or impose penalties on residents who exercise their CCPA rights, unless doing so is reasonably related to the value provided to the business by the residents’ data.
By using our website, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy
×