https://www.ishs.org/legal/
Skip to main content
You are hereHome
Legal
Legal Disclaimer - Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy
www.ishs.org - www.actahort.org - www.pubhort.org - www.harvestingthesun.orgActa Horticulturae - Chronica Horticulturae - Scripta Horticulturae - eJHS - Fruits
The International Society for Horticultural Science ("ISHS") maintains the above mentioned websites (the "Site") for your personal use. Please feel free to browse the Site. Your access to and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms and conditions (hereafter collectively called "Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept and agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to the terms of this Disclaimer, you may not access or otherwise use the Site or any of its parts. These Terms and Conditions are designed to make it clear to users of ISHS online products what they may and may not do with the content provided to them. Our aim has been to make the Terms and Conditions unambiguous and fair to all parties, but if further explanation is required, please go to www.ishs.org and proceed to the contact information page for further details on how to contact us. ISHS is a not-for-profit organisation with its headquarters located at PO Box 500, 3001 Leuven 1, Belgium.
Terms and Conditions
All information contained on, distributed through, or linked, downloaded or accessed from any of the services contained on this web-site is for information purposes only. Although the information contained on this Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, neither ISHS nor any of its officers, directors or members make any representations with respect thereto, and all information is provided "as is" without any warranty of any kind. ISHS disclaims all express, implied and statutory warranties of any kind to any party including warranties as to the accuracy, completeness, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose. Because of the possibility of human and mechanical error as well as other factors, ISHS shall under no circumstances be liable for any errors or omissions.You may Use materials displayed on the Site for non-commercial, personal Use for the purposes of research, teaching or private study only provided you keep intact all copyright notices and other proprietary notices. Except where otherwise stated, ISHS is the copyright holder for all Content, and these terms and conditions in no way imply any transfer of that copyright to the User. Users may not modify or adapt in any way any of the Content protected by these copyrights. Copyright notices must not be modified or removed from any Content obtained under the terms of this licence. You are prohibited to modify, distribute, perform, transmit or publicly display the materials displayed on the Site.
Sharing or posting of articles published by the ISHS is not permitted unless in such exceptional cases as described in the FAQ page at https://www.ishs.org/faq/article-sharing-repository-deposits-copyright-questions which is to be considered an integral part of the ISHS Terms and Conditions.
Nothing shall be construed to license any copyright, patent, trademark or other intellectual property rights existing in the Site. ISHS makes no warranties or representations as to accuracy of the materials displayed on the Site. Systematic downloading and/or archiving, including the copying of entire volume numbers is prohibited. Individual articles or abstracts may not be used for the purposes of monetary reward by means of sale, resale, loan, transfer, hire or other form of exploitation of the Content, and may not be systematically supplied or distributed onward from the site or premises of the User. Usernames and passwords for the purpose of gaining access to the ISHS online product must not passed onto any other individuals in an attempt to by-pass the registration or purchasing procedures for this product. Any such breach of this rule will result in access being terminated for the User concerned. Articles and other information obtained as a restult of access to the ISHS Websites and/or other online archives managed by ISHS are not to be systematically downloaded, re-published in any media, print or electronic form. Articles may not be downloaded in aggregate quantities or centrally stored for later retrieval.YOUR USE OF AND BROWSING IN THE SITE AND ALL RESULTS DERIVED FROM THE USE AND BROWSING ARE AT YOUR RISK. NEITHER ISHS NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THE SITE IS LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE SITE. EVERYTHING ON THE SITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
ISHS shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your using of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio displayed on the Site. ISHS shall under no circumstances be liable to any party for any lost profit or lost opportunity, indirect, special, consequential, incidental, or punitive damages whatsoever. Although ISHS has taken reasonable care to ensure that the information, data and other material made available online is error-free and up-to-date, it accepts no responsibility for corruption to the information, data and other material thereafter, including but not limited to any defects caused by the transmission or processing of the information, data and other material. The information made available online has been obtained from or is based upon sources believed by ISHS to be reliable but is not guaranteed as to accuracy or completeness. The information is supplied without obligation and on the understanding that any person who acts upon it or otherwise changes his/her position in reliance thereon does so entirely at his/her own risk.
Historic information is uncorrected and may contain erros in typography or fact in current context. ISHS accepts no liability for information contained in archived material.
ISHS shall use all reasonable endeavours to provide uninterrupted electronic availability of ISHS online products, but if access is suspended or interrupted or a fault or defect occurs which prevents access to the server, ISHS shall accept no liability. The User is responsible for all charges associated with accessing the content, including any computer equipment, telephone or Internet connections and access software. ISHS reserves the right to refuse access to any individual, network or User at any time. Although ISHS online products are developed in view of maximum compatibility and user-friendliness, ISHS cannot guarantee any of these products to work on or with any particular computer system.ISHS has no obligation for monitoring any ideas, concepts, suggestions or comments (hereafter collectively called "Ideas") you transmit to ISHS by electronic mail or otherwise. ISHS understand that you abandon all rights regarding the Ideas at the time when you transmit the Ideas to ISHS, and ISHS has no obligations to keep the Ideas confidential. ISHS has no responsibility for any problems or issues resulted from the Ideas. ISHS has a right to delete such Ideas from servers without notice.You are prohibited from sending any unlawful, threatening, libellous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic or profane electronic mails etc. that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law. ISHS has a right to delete such information from servers without notice.The trademarks, logos and service marks (hereafter collectively called "Trademarks") displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of ISHS and others.
ISHS is not responsible for the content of any other sites linked to the Site.
ISHS may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Privacy Policy - General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
International Society for Horticultural Science (ISHS) respects your right to privacy. This policy statement outlines the information we gather on ISHS websites and the purposes for which it is used - ISHS privacy policy has been updated in line with the European Union GDPR regulations.
In order to use the Site, to enhance your experience and/or to manage your membership, customer, author, symposium convener, editor, reviewer, researcher or any other possible relation or interaction with the ISHS, some personal data, including your name, business / affiliation, country and contact email address is essential for ISHS. This is so that ISHS can tailor its services and communication to be most relevant to you. ISHS processes your email address also because you use your email address and your password to sign in to your ISHS account. The legal ground for processing your email address for this purpose is based on ISHS' legitimate interest in protecting the security of your account. The Site is featuring https:// to ensure and reasonably guarantee maximum connection security and data protection. Any information you provide is directly transmitted tot he ISHS and is not stored in any other location. Your data will only be used for the purpose of using ISHS products such as the online scientific publications or for sending you information relevant to your relation with the ISHS which is strictly within the scope of your professional scientific and/or research interest. Data will not be shared with third parties, and will be retained until you request us otherwise. Being associated with the ISHS network your contact may be included in the ISHS membership directory and membership list access to which is restricted to ISHS members only. You have the right to request access or modifications to your data at any time, and to withdraw your consent by responding to any email from ISHS, or by contacting us directly at https://www.ishs.org/contact ISHS is classified as the Data Controller under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). ISHS acts as the controller for any data you provide. ISHS can be contacted by post, email, or telephone as follows https://www.ishs.org/contact
The Site contains links to other websites, which may or may not have connections to ISHS. ISHS is not responsible for the data protection practices of other websites. Data provided within the context of using third-party software in the context of your relation with the ISHS (such as, not limited to, e.g. Editorial Manager online tools for paper submission and review) is covered by the GDPR compliance of such trusted third-parties.
The Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For details please visit https://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy.html
Employees of ISHS may be designated as data processors, and will be able to update your information or assist you with the enactment of any of your rights relating to data you have provided to ISHS. All data you provide will be processed in line with the GDPR.
The following rights are conferred to you under the GDPR:
You have the right to request a copy of the data that ISHS holds on you as an individual. Any requests for access to your data will be honoured within one month from receipt.
You have the right to request that any incorrect information held by ISHS is updated without delay.
You have the right to request that all data relating to you is erased by ISHS.
You have the right to receive a copy of your data in a structured, machine-readable format where appropriate.
You have the right to withdraw your consent for further processing at any time, either by opting out of future emails or by contacting ISHS using the information in the ISHS Contact form.
If you have any further questions regarding the data ISHS collects, or how we use it, then please feel free to contact us
Home
Sitemap
About ISHS
FAQ
Flickr Photostream
Facebook
Careers
YouTube
Contact
Legal & Privacy
Cookies
Logo
VAT