http://www.saiie.co.za/privacy
COVID-19 Corona Virus South African Resource Portal.
Membership
General Information
Corporate Membership
Member Benefits
Professional Registration
Journal
SAJIE Sponsors
Read the Journal (OA)
IIE Magazine
General
Career Development
What is IE?
Higher Education for IE's
Higher Education List
Continuous Prof Devel
CPD Guidelines
Approved Courses
Employers for IEs
Council Members
Honorary Fellows
Corporate Partners
Corporate Partners List
Corporate Membership
New Membership Application |
Forgot Password?
Home
News
Newsletter Items
Newsletter Archive
Other News
Annual Awards
News Feeds
Council
Events
Conferences
SAIIEneXXXt 2019
Proceedings
Presentations
Programme and Abstracts Book
Conference 2018
Proceedings
Presentations
Conference 2017
Proceedings
Presentations
Conference 2016
Proceedings
Presentations
Conference 2014
Proceedings
Presentations
Conference 2013
2013 Proceedings
Conference 2010
2010 Proceedings
2010 Conference Web
Conference 2009
2009 Website
2009 Proceedings
2009 Presentations
Conference 2008
Other Conferences
Archives
SAIIE Events
Other Events
FAQ
Membership
Website
Links
Contact us
Administration
Branches
Road To Registration
Privacy Clause
Personal Information
We at Medical Practice Consulting need to collect personal information if we are to meet our obligations to you, to follow your instructions, to inform you of new services and to ensure that our business is geared towards your needs.
We respect your privacy and your personal information. For this reason, we take all reasonable measures, in accordance with this Policy, to protect your personal information and keep it confidential.
Further to the requirements of the ECT Act, we will disclose your personal information without your consent:
If we are required to do so by law or court order
If disclosure is in the public interest
It is necessary to protect our rights
How we collect personal information
Whenever you complete an application form or contact us electronically, we will collect your personal information.
Your privacy is important to us. We will therefore not sell, rent or provide your personal information to unauthorised entities or other third parties for their independent use without your consent.
Mail, E-mail or SMS
Provided you have agreed to this, we may use your personal or other information to send you information on new services or products that may be of interest to you. This may include mail, e-mail or SMS information concerning us, our products and services, or our partners and their products or services. If you do not wish to continue receiving this information you may contact us and we will remove you from our mailing list.
Third parties
Whenever we commission other organisations to provide support services to us, we will bind them to our privacy policies as far as they may be required to have access to our customers' personal information to perform such services.
Storing personal information
We value the information that you choose to provide us with and will therefore take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or unauthorised alteration. Medical Practice Consulting has physical, technological and procedural security safeguards in place and will use its best endeavours to protect your personal information.
Which laws apply?
The Privacy Policy will be governed by a construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of South Africa. To extend that a court has jurisdiction over any dispute which may arise out of or in connection with the Privacy Policy, we both submit to the jurisdiction of the South African courts.
Right to amend this privacy and security statement
We reserve the right to amend the privacy and security statement at any time. All amendments to the privacy and security statement will be posted on the website. Unless otherwise stated, the current version will supersede and replace all previous versions of the privacy and security statement.
Last modified 24 January 2010
Return to the home page
Home
Contact us
Privacy clause
Terms & conditions
Disclaimer
Copyright © 2016 Medical Practice Consulting. All Rights Reserved. Based on TRISCOMS technology.