https://www.ura-hq.org/privacy-policy/
About URA
About URA
Mission
Governance
Management Team
History
Programs
Programs
Fermilab
Pierre Auger Observatory
Members
Members
Member Universities
Become a Member
Partners
Awards
Awards
Visiting Scholars Program
URA Graduate Thesis Award
Tollestrup Award for Postdoctoral Research
Previous Awardees
NEW – URA EARLY CAREER AWARD
Early Career Awards Ceremony
We collect no personal information about you when you visit this site, unless otherwise stated, unless you choose to provide this information to us. However, we collect and store certain information automatically. What we collect and store automatically is:
the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the domain from which you access the Internet (i.e. 123.456.789.012) whether yours individually or provided as a proxy by your Internet Service Provider (ISP).
the date and time you access our site.
the pages you peruse (recorded by the text and graphics files that compose that page).
the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site.
We use the summary statistics to help us make our site more useful to visitors, such as assessing what information is of most and least interest to visitors, and for other purposes such as determining the site’s technical design specifications and identifying system performance or problem areas.
This information is NOT shared with anyone beyond the support staff to this home page, except when required by law enforcement investigation, and is used only as a source of anonymous statistical information.
MITIGATING THE IMPACT OF CORONA VIRUS ON URA VSP AWARDEES
To the recipients of Universities Research Association’s Visiting Scholars Program (VSP) awards:
In response to the disruptions and closures resulting from the coronavirus outbreak, the Universities Research Association’s (URA) Visiting Scholars Program (VSP) assures all VSP recipients with an active award that URA will implement all reasonable extensions and make the flexible arrangements necessary to help all VSP awardees.
We ask that all VSP recipients with an active award follow their home institution’s guidance and that they confer with their Fermilab sponsor regarding the current and future status of their research projects, access to the Laboratory, and their ability to carry out their VSP work as planned so that URA can provide reasonable and flexible no-cost extensions.
URA expects to issue additional guidance in coming days as we learn more about possible impacts on awardees.  Please check our website for those updates.
Please contact the VSP program with any questions or issues concerning your award at: VSP@ura-hq.org
×
X
X