http://www.remcom.com/privacy
Products
Solutions Overview
XFdtd
Wireless InSite
WaveFarer
XGtd
Consulting
Pricing
Applications
Applications Overview
5G MIMO
Antenna Design
Antenna Placement
Automotive Radar
Biomedical
ESD Testing
Microwave
Mobile Device
Radar and Scattering
Wireless Propagation
View All
Training
Resources
Resource Library
Application Examples
Videos
Webinars
Publications
FDTD Method
Newsletter
Legal
Remcom Privacy Policy
Cookie Declaration
Remcom Inc. Global Privacy PolicyThis is the web site of Remcom, Inc.Our postal address is:315 South Allen St., Suite 416State College, PA 16801USAWe welcome the opportunity to address any questions or concerns you may have regarding our privacy policy. We can be reached via e-mail at privacy@remcom.com, or by telephone at +1-814-861-1299.How we collect information:We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.We collect information about users of our website directly when a user voluntarily provides the information to us by submitting request forms on our website.With your consent depending on your location, and subject to the section below titled “Your Rights,” we collect information automatically as users navigate through the site as follows:As a user navigates through our website, we may use automatic data technology to collect certain information, including: (i) details of your visit to our website, including traffic and location data; and (ii) information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.  The technologies we use for automatic data collection may include cookies or other storage technology.  A cookie is a small data file placed on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device.  Cookies may be refused by adjusting the settings in your browser.  Our system has permission to issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website unless you have changed your browser settings to refuse cookies.  Additionally, depending on your location, you may be presented with a cookie consent notice that will provide an additional means for you to review and approve or deny the use of certain cookies from our website.  For more information on the cookies we use please review our cookies declaration page.The information that we collect:Remcom collects information about you, including information that directly or indirectly identifies you, if you choose to share it with Remcom.  For example:We collect basic account information such as your name, email address, address, business name, and product interests that you enter into forms on our website.We collect email activity data such as email opens, email link clicks, and downloads when you subscribe to our email communications. To help us to provide you with the best possible service, you can choose to provide us with your contact information so we can better respond to your support requests and comments.We may also obtain additional third-party information about you from marketers, partners, researchers, and others provided that the third party had your advanced consent to share the information.  We may combine information that we collect from you with information obtained from third parties and information derived from any other subscription, product, or service we provide.We collect information from your browser, computer, or mobile device, which includes device and network information, location information, cookies, log files and analytics information.How we use the information collected:To contact customers with transactional information about their accounts or to provide requested support.  We may share your information with our authorized country-specific distributors if necessary, only if you need support and are located in a country served by one of these distributors.To improve the content of our web pages.To contact you for marketing purposes.  Generally, this includes information that we think will be useful to you such as new product announcements, upcoming events, product enhancement updates, and help and resources to support you in using our products.  You may opt out of any Remcom correspondence via an easily accessible link present in all of our marketing emails or by following the process described below in the section titled “Your Rights.”Ad Servers:This website uses the Google AdWords and Facebook Ads remarketing service as well as Terminus UTM URL builder to advertise on third party websites (including Google and Facebook) to previous users of our website.  Such remarketing services could be in the form of an advertisement on a Google search results page, a site in the “Google Display Network”, or presented as an advertisement on a Facebook page.  Data collected by Remcom, Google, or Facebook will be used in accordance which each party’s privacy policy.  Third party vendors, including Google and Facebook, may use cookies or other storage technologies to present advertisements based on a user’s past visits to www.remcom.com, or any affiliated web page of Remcom.  A user can opt out of the collection and use of information for advertising targeting as described below in the section titled “Your Rights.”Your Rights:Regardless of your location in the world you may exercise any of the rights described in this section by sending an email to privacy@remcom.com.  Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request.Managing Your InformationYou have access to all personal information that we maintain about you.  You can access and change this information by e-mailing us at privacy@remcom.com or calling us at the above telephone number.Rectification of Inaccurate or Incomplete InformationYou have the right to ask us to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information concerning you (and which you cannot update yourself within your account, if applicable).Data Access and PortabilityYou may request copies of your personal information held by us and/or request us to transmit this information to another service provider (where technically feasible).  We will make every effort to provide the copies of your personal information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format.  The first copy will be provided to you at no charge.  We reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee to cover our administrative costs for providing each subsequent requested copy of your personal information.Data Retention and ErasureWe generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the services between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations.  If you no longer want us to use your information, you can request that we erase your personal information.  Remcom will delete all of your personal information without undue delay and will inform any other processor or controller who has received your personal information of your request as applicable.  Please note that if you request the erasure of your personal information:We may retain some of your personal information as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety.We may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations.  For example, we may keep some of your information for tax, legal reporting and auditing obligations.Because we maintain and backup our systems to protect from accidental or malicious loss and destruction, residual copies of your personal information may not be removed from our backup systems for a limited period of time.The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Withdrawing Consent and Restriction of ProcessingYou have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your information at any time.  For example, you can withdraw your consent by contacting us at privacy@remcom.com.  We will also stop use of your personal information, in particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information; (iii) we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the processing and pending the verification, if any, whether the legitimate grounds of Remcom override your own.Objection to ProcessingYou may require that Remcom not process your personal information for certain specific purposes (including profiling).  If you object to such processing Remcom will no longer process your personal information for these purposes unless such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.Where your personal information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you may at any time ask us to cease processing your data for these direct marketing purposes by sending an e-mail to privacy@remcom.com.Lodging ComplaintsYou have the right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried out by Remcom before the competent data protection authorities.Retention of Information:We retain personal information as long as it is necessary to provide our services to you, subject to any legal obligations to further retain such information.  Personal information associated with your account will generally be kept until it is no longer necessary to provide our services, or until you ask us to delete it, or your account is deleted, whichever comes first.  For example, where you withdraw your consent to Remcom processing your personal information, Remcom will delete all of your personal information.  We will erase your information without undue delay.  As discussed in “Data Retention and Erasure”, we may, however, retain information to comply with the law, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, assist with investigations, and take other actions permitted by law.  The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Changes to the Policy:If our information collection and use practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to this website and will provide you with information on how to opt out of these new uses.Summary:We are honored and grateful to be able to communicate with our customers, prospects, and other business associates in order to provide the highest quality of service to the market.  We will strive to practice only the most openly honest and fair policies with regards to the information we collect and use and will always allow our valued contacts to change their preferences at will.  Thanks for visiting Remcom!
Save time and reduce costs.Contact Remcom today for a customized solution to your most complex electromagnetic challenges.
Contact Us
Search 1-888-7REMCOM Support Contact About
Translate
English
Chinese
German
Japanese
Spanish