http://www.inmtn.com/web-site-terms-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Web Site Terms & Privacy Policyjjhanks2019-02-21T14:22:04-07:00
Web Site Terms & Privacy PolicyTerms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
Disclaimer
The materials on Intermountain Environmental, Inc.’s web site are provided “as is”. Intermountain Environmental, Inc. makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Intermountain Environmental, Inc. does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
Links
Intermountain Environmental, Inc. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Intermountain Environmental, Inc. of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
Site Terms of Use Modifications
Intermountain Environmental, Inc. may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
GDPR Statement
On May 25, 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) came into effect across European Union (EU) member states, impacting any organization that processes personal data of EU individuals. GDPR represents a strengthening and harmonizing of existing data privacy rights for individuals in the European Union.
Our company is committed to protecting personal data of our EU customers, and vendors, regardless of where that data is processed.
When processing the personal data of EU individuals we follow these internal company rules:
Ensure there is a legitimate business reason to collect the data
Ensure we have consent to collect and use the data (where required)
Limit collection, storage and usage of the data only to the extent for which there is a business reason and consent
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.