http://www.hkengineer.org.hk/policy/
Current Issue
All Issues
Privacy Policy
Share via:
Print
Statement of Policy
The Hong Kong Institution of Engineers (“the HKIE”, “the Institution”) is committed to protecting any personal data collected within the hkengineer.org.hk (“Web Site”) and that the data would be handled in strict adherence to the provisions of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (the “Ordinance”). The policy of the HKIE in handling personal data is stated in this Privacy Policy which is publicly accessible on http://www.hkengineer.org.hk/.
Statement of Practices
The kinds of data collected and held
The kinds of data that may be collected or held by the HKIE via this Web Site include the following:-1. Personal data and other data of users of this Web Site;2. Enquiry and subscription (whether by paying a subscription or not) e-form which may include personal data such as names, contact numbers and email addresses;
3. Advertising and insertion placement form which may include personal data such as names, contact numbers and email addresses; 4. Records collected during the use of the Web Site which may include:
“Hit” rate record – record of users’ visit is made as a “hit”, which may show users’ Internet Protocol (IP) address and the pages they have visited. No personally identifiable information is collected under such circumstance.
Visitor’s page view – record of the frequency of hyperlinks used and page visited. No personally identifiable information is collected under such circumstance.
Main purposes of using the data
Data collected by the HKIE through this Web Site will be used for the following purposes:-
1. Enquiry e-form records will be kept for the purpose of responding to the relevant enquiries;
2. Subscription (whether by paying subscription of not) e-form records will be kept for the purpose of communicating with users on subscription matters, sending users regular updates on events organised or related to the HKIE and industry specific news updates, requested product information and promotional material by email or by post;
3. Advertising and insertion placement forms will be kept for the purpose of handling and management of placement requests;
4. Market research, marketing and direct promotion purposes;
5. Inform users of new products or services the Institution will be providing, or special offers, events or articles the Institution thinks will be of interest to them;
6. Records collected on webservers are kept for the purposes of administering the web services provided by the HKIE, in particular:
For “hit” rate record and visitors’ page view – for statistical purposes, and for maintaining and improving the Web Site.
Personal data collected and held by the HKIE will be used only for specific and limited purposes.
Choice of Opt-out
If users of this Web Site do not wish to receive information from the HKIE and wish to be removed from the standard mailing list or if they do not consent to the HKIE’s using of their data for marketing and direct selling purposes, they may withdraw the consent by e-mail to wcm@hkie.org.hk.
Cookies
Cookies are used to monitor web usage. Cookies are written to the hard drive of a web user, and contain no personal information about the user and only keep a record of the sites visited and actions of this Web Site. Some cookies expire after the user closes the browser whilst others may stay on the users’ hard drive. Cookies are used on an aggregated information basis and to assess users’ areas of interest. They are used to identify the number of visitors to the Web Site, to improve further web visits and to improve user experience.
Security of personal informationThe HKIE secures users’ personal information from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. The HKIE secures the personally identifiable information provided on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorised access, use or disclosure.
Retention of personal informationPersonal data will not be held by the HKIE for a period that is longer than is necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes (including any directly related purpose) for which the data are or are to be used.
Personal data access and correction requests
Any person has the right to:-
1. check whether the HKIE holds data about him and access to such data;
2. require the HKIE to correct any data relating to him which is inaccurate;
3. ascertain the HKIE’s policies and practices in relation to data and be informed of the kind of personal data held by the HKIE.
In accordance with the terms of the Ordinance, the HKIE has the right to charge a reasonable fee for the processing of any data access request.
For access and correction of data, please address to The Hong Kong Institution of Engineers, 9/F Island Beverley, No.1 Great George Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong.
About Hong Kong Engineer
Article Contribution
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Advertising
Contact Us
Job Centre
Copyright © 2020 The HKIE.All rights reserved.
Cookies on the this website
We use cookies to improve your browsing experience and help us improve our websites.
We and carefully selected third parties use cookies to show you more relevant ads online.
For more information, please click here.
By continuing to use our website, you agree to our use of such cookies.
AcceptFind out more