http://www.mynewlab.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
privacy
Home » privacy
privacyMarcusCannon2020-06-16T11:46:37+01:00
InterFocus Ltd Privacy Policy
InterFocus Ltd is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our Terms of Access for use of our web site and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Personal data means information about a living individual and does not apply to information we hold about limited companies or other corporate bodies. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is InterFocus Ltd, Cambridge Road, Linton, CB21 4NN.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process data about you which may include but not be limited to the following:
Information that you provide by filling in account opening and other forms whether that is in writing or on our website www.mynewlab.com. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our website, posting material or ordering further goods. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by us, or when you report a problem with our website.
Information in communications between us, including any correspondence, email communication and any notes or minutes of meetings and telephone conversations.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of transactions between us and of the fulfilment of your orders or information requests.
Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access during your visit.
IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
Where available, we may collect information about your computer for system administration, which may include but not be limited to your IP address, operating system and browser type. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual. For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our website and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our website according to your individual interests
To speed up your searches
To recognise you when you return to our website.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our website.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
InterFocus Ltd also uses Google Analytics to help analyse the usage of this site. Google Analytics uses “cookie” technology as described above and the information generated (including the IP address) will be transmitted to and stored on Google servers within the United States and or other countries. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ usage of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for InterFocus Ltd.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where:
they are required to do so by law.
third parties process the information on Google’s behalf
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google
InterFocus Ltd will not (and will not allow any third party) use Google Analytics to track or collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifiable information from any other source as part of our use of Google Analytics.
By using this website you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Neither InterFocus Ltd or Google will link, or seek to link an IP address with the identity of a computer user.
A1 WebStats
InterFocus Ltd also uses A1Webstats to provide statistical data such as visitor, search term used and pages visited using “scripting technology” integrated into our website pages.  The information generated (including IP address) will be transmitted and stored by A1WebStats within data centres located in the UK and or other countries.
With regards to data that we collect using the A1Webstats tracker code, we collect the following related to each visitor to your website:
The IP address from where they are located.
Geolocation  (this is only collected under two conditions: 1) We have activated that feature within our subscription; 2) the visitor to our website has actively chosen to share their location).
Data connected to the page that the user is visiting (this may include movement from page to page or movement within pages).
Referrer URL (where identifiable, the website that the visitor was on before visiting your website).
Their Screen Resolution, Operating System, Browser and Device Type.
We do not collect personal information about any website visitors.
How we use the information that A1Webstats store about our website visitors:
The information A1WebStats store about our website visitors is used to show us those visitors that interacted with our website.
A1WebStats use the IP address to send to multiple third parties in order to gain further intelligence, specifically the company name of the visitor (where possible).  The IP address is not used to identify individual people.
A1Webstats or InterFocus Ltd do not sell any data that we collect.
All data is stored securely and, where applicable, encrypted to military grade.
By using this website you consent to the processing of data about you by A1WebStats in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Neither InterFocus Ltd or A1WebStats will link, or seek to link an IP address with the identity of a computer user. More information about A1WebStats can be found here.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order and the processing of your payment details. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using appropriate technology where applicable. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you for various purposes which may include but not be limited to the following :
To ensure that content from our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer device, tablet, or mobile device.
To provide you with information about products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, unless you have told us you do not want to receive that information
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and InterFocus Ltd
To notify you about changes to our service.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If InterFocus Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Access or Terms & Conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of InterFocus Ltd, our customers, or others.
We may exchange information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. If we search your record at the credit reference agencies, they will add to your record details of our search and your application for credit and this will be seen by other organisations that make searches. Information held about you by the credit reference agencies may already be linked to records relating to one or more of your partners. For the purposes of this application you may be treated as financially linked and your application will be assessed with reference to “associated” records.
If you are a joint applicant or if you have told us of some other financial association with another person, you must be sure that you are entitled to:
disclose information about your joint applicant and anyone referred to by you;
authorise us to search, link or record information at credit reference agencies about you or anyone referred by you.
An “association” between joint applicants and between you and anyone you tell us is your financial partner will be created at credit reference agencies. This will link your financial records, each of which will be taken into account in all future applications by either or both of you. This will continue until one of you successfully files a disassociation at credit reference agencies.
We may use a credit scoring or other automated decision making system when assessing your application.
We may also add to your record with the credit reference agencies details of your registration with us, the orders you make and any payments you make under them and any default or failure to keep to the Terms & Conditions. It is important that you give us accurate information. We will check your details with fraud prevention agencies and if you give us false or inaccurate information and we suspect fraud, we will record this.
These records will be shared with other organisations and used by us and them to:
help make decisions about credit and credit related services such as insurance for you and members of your household;
trace debtors, recover debt, prevent money laundering and fraud and to manage your accounts.
For these purposes we or they may make further searches. Although these searches will be added to your record, they will not be shared with others.
Please contact us if you want to have details of those credit reference and fraud prevention agencies from whom we obtain and to whom we pass information about you. You have a legal right to these details.
EMAIL MARKETING
We only issue e-mail marketing messages to opt-in subscribers. If, at any time, you prefer not to receive email marketing information from us contact us at sales@interfocus.co.uk or use the link provided in the marketing email you have received.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us in writing at InterFocus Ltd, Cambridge Road, Linton, CB21 4NN or data@interfocus.co.uk.
Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Please contact data@interfocus.co.uk for further details.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on our web page and, where appropriate, notified to you by other suitable means including e-mail and post.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy should be addressed to the Data Protection Officer, InterFocus Ltd, Cambridge Road, Linton, CB21 4NN or via email at data@interfocus.co.uk or by telephone on 01223 894833.
Contact Us
Address: InterFocus Ltd, Cambridge Road, Linton, CB21 4NN
Phone: 01223 894833
Email: sales@interfocus.co.uk
Working Days/Hours: Mon - Fri / 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Quick LinksHome
Case Studies
Catalogues
About Us
Contact Us
Recruitment
Site Map
Coronavirus Statement
News & Blog
Construction Project Management: A Complete Guide
Different Laboratory Flooring Types Explained: Vinyl, Resin and More
The Role of MEP in Building Construction Explained
6 Considerations for Effective Laboratory Expansion
AccreditationsISO 9001
ISO 14001
BS OHSAS 18001
ConstructionLine
Chas
NIC EIC Approved Contractor
Considerate Constructor
© Copyright 2020. InterFocus Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Legal Information Terms & Conditions | Privacy
Follow Us
FacebookTwitterYoutubeInstagramLinkedin
Solutions
Laboratory Refurbishment and Fit Out
Turnkey Laboratory Construction
School Science Laboratories
Products
Laboratory Furniture
Underbench Laboratory Furniture
Laboratory Storage Units
IPS Emergency Wash Stations
laboratory Reagent Shelving
Laboratory Desks and Write Up Areas
Office Furniture
Cold Rooms and Clean Rooms
Laboratory Benches
i1 C Frame System
i2 H Frame System
i3 Cantilever Frame System
i4 Suspended Frame System
i5 Fixed Furniture System
Mobile Benches
Laboratory Worktops
Trespa TopLab Base
Trespa TopLab Plus
Velstone Worktops
Lab20 Solid Surface
Laboratory Fume Cupboards and Extraction
Laboratory Fume Cupboards
Laboratory Fume Extraction
Laboratory Ancillary Items
Laboratory Sinks
Laboratory Taps and Fittings
Safety Storage Cabinets
Laboratory Flooring
Services
Customer Care
Project Management
Planning and Design
BIM laboratory Furniture Design
M&E Design and Build
Building Works
Specialist Gases
Case Studies
Contact Us
About Us
Catalogues
Resources
Blog
This website use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We use analytics scripts to track usage of the site, this tracking scripts do not collect any personally identifiable data. You can choose to accept these scripts or not. Our privacy statement provides more details on these scripts. If you scroll the page or click OK then you give us consent to enable the tracking data.OKNoOur Privacy Policy