http://www.matweb.com/reference/privacy.aspx
System Message
Advertise with MatWeb!
Data sheets for over 140,000
metals, plastics, ceramics, and composites.
HOME  •
SEARCH  •
TOOLS  •
SUPPLIERS  •
FOLDERS  •
ABOUT US  •
FAQ  •
LOG IN
Recently Viewed Materials (most recent at top)
Login to see your most recently viewed materials here.
Or if you don't have an account with us yet, then click here to register.
Searches:
Advanced
| Category
| Property
| Metals
| Trade Name
| Manufacturer
| Recently Viewed Materials
MatWeb Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of MatWeb.com, a product of MatWeb, LLC.
Our postal address is:
MatWeb, LLC
2020 Kraft Drive, Suite 3000
Blacksburg, VA 24060 USA
We can be reached via e-mail at info@matweb.com or you can reach us by telephone at 540-552-5300.
While using MatWeb, during registration and at other times, you will provide us with personal information.
This information may include your e-mail address, name, address, employment/education information, and credit card information.
We automatically collect IP addresses, browser type/OS, and the referring sites of MatWeb’s users to help us evaluate web site usage.
MatWeb, LLC, Automation Creations, Inc. and its partners may use information in the following ways:
To accomplish the task for which you specifically provided the information including, for example, to enable us to process or verify registrations.
To enhance existing features or develop new features, products and services.
To provide
third parties such as advertisers with aggregated (anonymous) information about our usership patterns.
To allow us to personalize the content that you see based on your characteristics or preferences.
To send you notifications about our new or existing products and services, special offers, or to otherwise contact you.
We will not share your personal information (name, address, telephone number, e-mail address) with third parties except in response to specific requests from you.
MatWeb maintains a list of users who have agreed to receive email directly from us regarding MatWeb and/or our partners.
You may change your e-mail update preference and opt in or out of this list through the account tab when logged into MatWeb or by contacting us at the above address.
We will not sell or share your email address or other personal information with other parties beyond our control.
If you supply us with your postal address you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. You will have the opportunity to opt out of receiving postal mail from us through the account tab when logged into MatWeb or by contacting us at the above address.
We will not share your postal address with third parties except in response to specific requests from you.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding specific questions or requests.
We will not share your telephone number with third parties except in response to specific requests from you.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
We will also notify you via e-mail.
If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., email address and password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them, and/or a description of information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information through our user account page or by contacting us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information.
Consumers can have this information corrected through our user account page or by contacting us at the above address.
Upon request we offer users who are covered by the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation the opportunity to have all of their personal data removed from our system by contacting us at the above address.
We provide links to other Web sites from MatWeb.
These other Web sites are not subject to our Privacy Policy.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as search terms, categories and materials viewed, and record past activity at our site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site.
These cookies do not contain any personal information that can be read by other Web sites. Third parties may be placing and reading cookies on MatWeb's users' browsers, or using web beacons to collect information as a result of ad serving on MatWeb.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to our secure server and will notify visitors through a notice on our site. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. We never retain credit card information on our servers.
Subscribe to Premium Services
Searches:
Advanced  •
Composition  •
Property  •
Material Type  •
Manufacturer  •
Trade Name  •
UNS Number
Other Links:
Advertising  •
Submit Data  •
Database Licensing  •
Web Design & Hosting  •
Trade Publications
Supplier List  •
Unit Converter  •
Reference  •
Links  •
Help  •
Contact Us  •
Site Map  •
FAQ  •
Home
Follow @MatWeb
Please read our License Agreement regarding materials data and our
Privacy Policy.
Questions or comments about MatWeb? Please contact us at
webmaster@matweb.com. We appreciate your input.
The contents of this web site, the MatWeb logo, and "MatWeb" are Copyright 1996-2020
by MatWeb, LLC. MatWeb is intended for personal, non-commercial use. The contents, results, and technical data from this site
may not be reproduced either electronically, photographically or substantively without permission from MatWeb, LLC.