http://www.envirotech-online.com/privacy
Product Search
E-Learning
White papers
Advertise
Contact
Sign-In
Subscribe
News section
Environmental Laboratory
Environmental Laboratory
Environmental Laboratory
Taking the headache out of sample loading for UV-Visible/NIR Spectrophot...
How Is Lab-Grown Meat Made?
Dec 07 2020
Read 177
UKAS Accreditation for New Analysis Method
Dec 04 2020
Read 475
Water/Wastewater
Water/Wastewater
Water/Wastewater
Reliable and accurate contactless flow measurement for outdoor waterways
Detection of SARS-COV-2 coronavirus in waste water
Dec 03 2020
Read 242
Successful installation of telemetric groundwater mo...
Dec 02 2020
Read 597
Air Monitoring
Air Monitoring
Air Monitoring
New isokinetic sampler with enhanced accuracy, safety and ease of use
Adapting and innovating in the fight against COVID-19
Dec 07 2020
Read 206
Why Are Nitrous Oxide Levels Rising?
Dec 05 2020
Read 653
Gas Detection
Gas Detection
Gas Detection
Meet the next generation of flammable gas detection
Calibration and bump test gases are now at your fing...
Dec 02 2020
Read 808
30 years of testing medical gas - and still saving l...
Nov 26 2020
Read 401
Portable/Field Testing
Portable/Field Testing
Portable/Field Testing
First aerial drone-dipping sensors take off
Using spectroscopy to monitor and preserve the envir...
Nov 20 2020
Read 288
Announcing the launch of our new handheld water qual...
Oct 18 2019
Read 5042
Health & Safety
Health & Safety
Health & Safety
Trade In, Trade Up – Casella Supports Air and Noise Monitoring Equipme...
Exclusive agreement to bring measurement microphones...
Oct 27 2020
Read 526
New sound level meter boasts patented MEMS microphon...
Oct 11 2020
Read 1065
Business News
Business News
Business News
Process Insights announces acquisition of MBW Calibration
What Is Green Hydrogen?
Dec 10 2020
Read 109
Hanna Instruments welcomes Angela Iacuele as Vice Pr...
Dec 04 2020
Read 408
Privacy and Data Protection Policy
The Data Protection Act Directive 95/46/EC is to be superseded by a new EU regulation under the title of EU GDPR (European Union General Data Protection Regulation). The GDPR aims to prevent security breaches and the loss of personal data by any organisation that holds or processes that data. This regulation change will affect any organisation that processes personal data of EU citizens. This EU GDPR has a live date set for the 25th May 2018.
Find out more on the GDPR - www.ico.org.uk
Introduction
We are International Labmate Ltd, the data controller. We are a publishing and event company specialising in the scientific field. We operate many magazines, conferencing activities and exhibitions globally. All our regional office locations can be seen on the contact us page of this website. This policy sets out how we'll use your personal data. You can contact our data protection officer (DPO) at International Labmate Ltd, Oak Court Business Centre, Sandridge Park, Porters Wood, St Albans, Hertfordshire, AL3 6PH, United Kingdom. Email dpo@intlabmate.com
Our commitment to your data
Why we collect your data
We want to give you the best experience with all International Labmate products we offer. The data we hold about you helps us provide you with the latest news and products from the industry.
How we collect your data
International Labmate Ltd recognises the importance of protecting the information it collects from data subjects in its operation. To this end we will take all reasonable steps to maintain the security, integrity and privacy of any information provided to us.
Our main business is syndicating information on scientific advances and putting you in contact with manufacturing companies that you may request information from. When you fill in a 'request for more information' form on our website, you will be asked to submit this request, and we will inform you where the information you supply is being shared. The manufacturing company may then communicate directly with you to assist in your requirements.
International Labmate Ltd will ensure that any personal identifiable information (PII) it collects will be adequate, relevant and not excessive for the purposes required. It will be kept accurate and up-to-date based on information provided, and to the best of our ability thereafter.
Personal Data we collect may include;
Your name
Your address - for postal fulfilment
Your email address - for email fulfilment
Confirmation you are over 16 years of age
Records of the information you have viewed on our portals, or exhibitions you have registered for or attended.
Education or industry and employment information
How we use your data
We will process your data to fulfil your request for information. We may call this a contract. In some cases we will have your business card, and your consent, allowing us to process your data in order to provide the services we offer. For the details of legal basis and purposes please see 'Processing' further down this policy.
Sharing your data
In order for us to send you one of our magazines, or to supply you with digital eBulletins or our digital journals, certain information is needed in order to fulfil this obligation to you. A list of suppliers that we share your information with are listed below with an explanation of what we share with them in order to provide you with our services.
These suppliers are referred to as processors and we have contractual processing agreements in place with them which are reviewed on an annual basis. Only adequate, relevant and limited information is used for each purpose. For example, we would need to print your full name and address if we are to post a magazine to you, but for the email, (eBulletin) only your name and email address is processed.
Air Business Ltd
Air Business are the postal service we use to process and distribute our publications. They have an ISO 27001 certification and operate at the highest level when it comes to data security. More on Air Business can be seen at airbusiness.com's website.
Target Mailer Ltd
We use Target Mailer Ltd to process your data when we deliver our email services. All our emails have the best practice unsubscribe link at the end of each email so you can easily opt out. This solution allows us to monitor the performance of the eBulletin emails we send, and facilitates the 'request more information' option in most cases. Our system monitors the time that you engage with the emails we send, and what topics you interact with. This information is used to benefit you in receiving email at the best local time for you, and to make sure you get relevant information. More at lm.targetmailer.co.uk's website.
N200
We use N200 for processing our registrations for the numerous global exhibitions that we operate. If you're booking into one of our conferences or exhibitions, N200 help us facilitate the registration and the badge printing, allowing you to gain entry to the event. More on N200 is on the visit.ges.com website.
Magnum Printing Company
Magnum have been our partner for over a decade. They are fundamentally employed by us for the printing and postal operation in Asia. Magnum print our magazines that are distributed to countries outside the EU GDPR regulation, but will hold some EU advertising company details for the deployment of promotional copies. They will on occasion process PII for data subjects based in the EU. For this reason they are listed here and we have a processing agreement running with them.
Google Analytics
Google analytics is used for tracking the number of visits that our different web pages receive. We use IP tracking for this service, and data such as names and email address are not processed via this method. This processing of your IP address helps us determine how much of a regular visitor to our website you are, and which pages you visited. We use this information for analytical purposes only.
International Transfer
The personal identifiable information (PII) we have collected from you may be transferred to other companies outside the UK and the European Economic Area. We impose contractual obligations with these companies, and these are termed as processing agreements. We ensure that only the required amount of data is shared to fulfil the purpose for which the data has been transferred. One example of this transfer is where your data may be passed to our printer and fulfilment service located in Asia. This company would then fulfil the delivery of the magazine via postal services to you. More on this can be seen in the 'sharing your data' section of this policy.
Advertising companies
International Labmate Ltd has many products and services listed on our websites, and in our printed media which are supplied to us by manufacturing companies. If you request information from one or more of these companies, your details will be shared with that company in order for them to communicate with and help you. You will be notified of this action before you fill in the form, or submit your request.Only information which you have granted access to will be shared with our advertising companies. This is referred to as a 'request more information'.
International Labmate Ltd will disclose PII if required by law or otherwise needed in connection with legal proceedings. Engagement with products we operate, or filling in and submitting forms constitutes consent. International Labmate Ltd protects the security of your information by using password-protected logins.
Processing
In line with the processing conditions set out by the GDPR, International Labmate Ltd will process PII under 3 lawful conditions:
Consent - our websites are constantly evolving to facilitate a self-service area and all communication with customers currently has clear opt-out options. Data collection at international trade events and meetings will also follow the GDPR guidelines.
Performance of a contract - our business is to provide free, up to date media content and exhibitions to our customers via on and offline products we offer. Individuals receiving such services may withdraw at any time and our policy is to uphold this agreement entirely and whole heartedly.
Legitimate interest - our objective is to provide our customers with relevant information for the vertical markets we operate in and offer clear opt-out availability for each and every correspondence we action. We may process your information to make sure that the marketing you may receive is relevant to you. We may provide information that is tailored to your interests based on past interactions, such as, event bookings or eLearning sessions you have registered for. We believe this communication will be of benefit to our customers.
If you do not wish your information to be shared to the providers of locked content, we would advise that the content be downloaded when the lock on the content is released. This is usually 180 days post production/posting to our servers.
ILM Exhibitions registrations
International Labmate Ltd organises and manages specialist conferencing and events around the world. When you register with these events via their own portals, we will process your data to complete the registration process. You may receive an email confirming your attendance. We may also provide additional emails following the exhibition for research and marketing activities. We have an interest in supplying you with other market relevant news and product updates appropriate to the exhibition you registered for. These will be kept to a minimum and every email we send has an opt-out option.
ILM exhibitions operated by us are all listed under the ilmexhibitions.com website and are all managed and controlled by International Labmate Ltd.
Exhibiting Companies
When we organise exhibitions, the provision of furniture, utilities and accommodation are listed on our websites as links, and no information is passed to any of these companies. It is left to you to contact those companies to secure the services you require from them independently from us.
Your rights
Under the new GDPR your rights are as follows:
the right to be informed
the right of access
the right to rectification
the right to erasure
the right to restrict processing
the right to data portability
the right to object
rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
Informed
We hope that this privacy policy will provide you with the answers to what date we store, why we store this data and how it is processed and by who.
Access
You can request to know what information we hold on you, and why we have your data. This is called a subject access request (SAR) and we will provide a response to you within 30 days of receipt of this request.
Rectification
We encourage you to correct any data we hold on you at any time. A self-service area to facilitate this is provided on our websites under the login or sign in areas. In some cases we may not have an email address for you, and in this event, please contact us by email or phone, stating your reader id reference number which will be printed on the address sheet you received with your printed magazine.
Erasure
You have the right to be removed from our system and have your account disabled at any time. We will retain your email address in order to facilitate a record that you requested the account / storage erasure. This information will be stored for 12 months, thereafter it will be deleted from our data storage, and we will hold no information, nor be able to recall said information if requested to do so.
Restrict processing
If you would like us to stop processing your PII, please contact us and we will be more than happy to assist you.
Data portability
If you wish to have any PII we hold transferred to you, we will arrange this for you, and deliver data to you via your preferred method. We will need to ensure proof of your identity before any transaction is processed. Data portability is only available from May 2018
Object
You have the right to object to International Labmate processing your data. In this case we will respond within 30 days and suppress your information from our records and stop any processing.
Automation
Automated decision making involves processing your personal data without human intervention. We may use computer aided software to better understand the content you interact with on our portals, in order to best match other products and services to your interests. This is also used to provide analytical data for us to monitor which areas of our websites need modification or enhancements for a better user experience.
Cookies Policy
A 'cookie' is a text file that a website you visit and asks your browser to store on your computer or mobile devise. International Labmate Ltd uses cookies as follows:
to record session information, such as items that you add to a shopping cart
to record information on which pages a you access or visit on sites owned or operated by International Labmate Ltd
It must be noted that the shopping cart needs cookies in order to work, i.e. remember what a customer has placed in their cart. However these cookies automatically delete themselves after the transaction is complete and cookies may be disabled at any time. See our Cookies Policy
Links
Links may be provided from any International Labmate Ltd portal to other websites. In using such links, users should be aware that each website will vary in terms of its privacy and data protection policies, and International Labmate Ltd does not take responsibility for the privacy policies of, and usage of, personal information collected by others including, without limitation, those of any partner or affiliate. See our Help with linking
Policy Updates
Please note that this privacy policy is reviewed periodically. International Labmate Ltd reserves the right to modify its privacy policy at any time. Any changes to the policy will be posted on this page. Your continued use of our services will be deemed conclusive acceptance of such modification. If at any point you wish to access your personal information please contact us.
Email Communications
International Labmate Ltd will, from time to time, send you marketing materials from selected 3rd Parties, this can include marketing of new products related to your interests, such as, invitations to eLearning sessions or webinars, newsletters, to name a few. The unsubscribe option is present on all these email communications, in line with the best practice marketing guidelines. Interacting with these emails is tracked, and on occasion your contact information we hold can be provided to the advertising company. This will be at minimum an email address.
Anti-Spam Policy
International Labmate Ltd uses a 3rd party emailing system called Target Mailer which facilitates the broadcast of email communications. There are many issues surrounding unsolicited emails and spam, and we want to ensure that the communications we deliver are relevant to your business interests. If you have a complaint about any email or post you receive from us, please get in touch so we can investigate fully. We strictly enforce our Anti-Spam policy. This is both a necessity and a requirement.
Reporting Spam
Please notify us immediately if you have received unwanted or unsolicited email. You can email us at dpo@intlabmate.com or call the office on +44 (0) 1727 855574
Data Transmission
International Labmate Ltd and operated business trading under this name hold no responsibility for the successful transmission of data via its portals and websites. Personal information transmitted across the internet is not 100% secure and users are advised to consider this upon completion of forms anywhere in the portals we operate.
Additional notes
By submitting your information you consent to the practices described. If you do not agree with any of these terms please withdraw from further use of our websites or services.
Contact us
International Labmate Ltd can be contacted at
Oak Court Business Centre
Sandridge Park, Porters Wood
St. Albans
Hertfordshire
AL3 6PH
United Kingdom
Go To Top
Trending News
What Are the Top 5 Environmental Concerns for 2...
What Are the Consequences of Water Pollution?
What Are the Different Types of Water Pollution?
How Does Fast Food Impact the Environment?
How Does Sewage Affect the Environment?
Digital Edition
International Environmental Technology December 2020 - Including the STA Guide 2021
December 2020
In This Edition
Business News
- Dust travelled thousands of miles to enrich Hawaiian soils
- Protecting Saskatchewan lakes from contamination
- Network of organisations committed to workpla...
View all digital editions
Trending Articles
The Importance of Biochemical Oxygen Demand (BO...
IoT measuring system in pressure measurement te...
Digitalisation and Automation Development in CE...
Determination of perchlorate in drinking water...
Monitoring Methane Emissions from Agriculture a...
Events
Asia Pharma Expo/Asia Lab Expo
Jan 09 2021 Online event
National Biodiesel Virtual Conference & Expo 2021
Jan 18 2021 Virtual event
Abu Dhabi Sustainability Week
Jan 18 2021 Virtual Event
SLAS 2021
Jan 23 2021 Digital Event
IT3/HWC
Jan 27 2021 Virtual event
View all events
Home
Buyers Guide
News
Subscribe
Advertise
Events diary
Contact
Books
Environmental Laboratory
Water/Wastewater
Air Monitoring
Gas Detection
Portable/Field Testing
Health & Safety
Business News
International Labmate Limited
Oak Court Business Centre
Sandridge Park, Porters Wood
St Albans
Hertfordshire
AL3 6PH
United Kingdom
T
+44 (0)1727 858 840
F
+44 (0)1727 840 310
E info@labmate-online.com
Cookies Help Terms & Conditions Privacy
Copyright © 2020 Labmate Online. All rights reserved.