http://www.livablecities.org/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content Area
Home
AboutMission
Board Members
Recommended Reading
History
ConferencesConferences
History
Awards
Reviews
Articles
ConsultationChild-Friendly Communities
Social and Health Impact Assessment (SHIA)
Ferdinand S. Johns
Lamine Mahdjoubi
Tom Martineau
Ettore Maria Mazzola
Blog
Contact Us
User login
Username: *
Password: *
Request new password
Privacy Policy
International Making Cities Livable ("IMCL" or "we" or "our" or "us") respects your privacy as a visitor to our Site. It is important for you to understand what information we collect about you during your visit and what we do with that information. Your visit to this Site is subject to this "Privacy Policy" and our Terms of Use.Information Collection and UseIMCL will not use information provided through your use of this Site except as set forth in this Privacy Policy.Active Data CollectionLike many other websites, we actively collect information from our visitors both by asking specific questions on this site and by permitting you to communicate directly with us via e-mail. Some of the information that you submit may be personally identifiable (that is, information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, etc.). We use this information to send you further information regarding IMCL.Passive Data CollectionWe may collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of this Site, such as information regarding which of our pages are most often visited. We may share with or transfer to third parties such non-personally identifiable information for the purpose of maintaining the Site, responding to direct inquiries or measuring traffic and traffic trends at this Site. We do not otherwise provide or sell any of this information to third parties. We currently use "cookies" - files written to the visitor's computer that are used by some Sites for record-keeping or to remember certain information about visitors. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy with respect to our practices regarding the use of cookies and collection of information from visitors.Use of InformationIMCL uses your personal information to enhance the operation of this site, allow you to use all of its features and respond to your requests for information. We may contact you about new features or services in which it believes you may be interested. We may disclose any information we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.Log FilesWe may use IP addresses to analyze usage, administer our Site, and gather demographic information for aggregate use.Third PartiesWe may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include data analysis firms and web hosting companies. Such third parties may be provided with the information described above.Choices You Have About How IMCL Uses Your InformationWe strive to provide you with as many choices and as much control as possible regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information: You may send us a message to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. You may also opt out of receiving marketing messages from IMCL by notifying us by sending us a message. You should review this privacy policy carefully, because if you do not agree with our practices, your ultimate choice is not to use this site. Remember, by using any part of this site, you accept and agree to our privacy practices. If we update this privacy policy, your continued use of this site (following the posting of the revised policy) means that you accept and agree to the terms of the revised privacy policy.How IMCL Protects Your InformationWe work hard to protect your personal information. We use both technical and procedural methods to maintain the integrity and security of our databases, including firewalls.LinksThis Site may contain links to or from other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect on this Site. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites you link to from our Site or otherwise visit.Notification of ChangesWe may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here. As we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Privacy Policy. Please note that our rights to use any information collected will be based on the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is used.What IMCL Does About Children Visiting This Web SiteThis Web Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect information from Web Site visitors in this age group. We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose online.CommentsWe have taken great measures to ensure that your visit to our Site is a satisfying one and that your privacy is constantly respected. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our privacy practices, please send us a message. Copyright 2010 International Making Cities Livable
"I know of no other conference which provides the international expertise."
Sylvia Sutherland, former Mayor, Peterborough, Ontario
"A wonderful Conference. I truly believe this is the best Conference on cities."
Mayor Joseph P. Riley, Jr., City of Charleston
"The most important continuous conference dialogue on making the world's cities and towns more livable for all of their inhabitants."
Dr. Sven von Ungern-Sternberg, Governor, State of South Baden, Germany
"The conference holds a magnifying glass to the world's best cities, revealing why, and how they work."
Benjamin Thompson, FAIA AIA Gold Medalist
"Love for our cities unites all of us in this unique, impressive conference, with participants from different countries, with different professional backgrounds, but with one purpose: making our cities more livable."
Antonio Casellati Former Mayor, City of Venice, Italy
"Ive learned more from this conference than any other conference that I've ever gone to. I've been a city councillor now for twenty years, and I'm so glad I went to that first one twenty years ago."
Kim Richter, City Councillor, Langley, BC
"Well-structured, extremely well-organized and super-high quality of both the presenters and materials presented."
Dr. Mirela Newman, Coordinator, Urban Studies Graduate Program, S Conn St. University
Read more...
Secondary links
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Login
©<?php echo date("Y") ?> International Making Cities Livable LLC. All Rights Reserved.