https://www.nofamass.org/content/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyNOFA Mass2020-11-03T10:26:50-05:00
Privacy PolicyNortheast Organic Farming Association Massachusetts Chapter (NOFA/Mass) understands how important privacy is to our supporters. We are committed to protecting your privacy and want to make sure that you understand how your information is used.
NOFA/Mass does not sell, rent, exchange, or otherwise disclose information about our site visitors. Although we capture limited information about visits to the site, this information is used only to analyze general traffic patterns (e.g., what pages are most/least popular) and to perform routine system maintenance.
E-mail Communications
You will not receive unwanted “spam” from NOFA/MASS when you provide us with your email address. Our electronic mailings always includes an opt-out feature. Simply click on it and you will be removed from the mailing list. You can also email us directly (info@nofamass.org) or call our office (978) 355-2853.
Our website may use “cookies” to enhance the experience of email subscribers. Cookies are pieces of information that some sites transfer to the computer that is browsing and are used for record-keeping purposes. Use of cookies makes web browsing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website, or to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard. Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies.
Monetary Transactions on Our Site
NOFA/Mass takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website or Paypal, their information is protected both online and off-line. When our online donation form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the most commonly used software in the industry: SSL (Secure Socket Layers). While on a secure page, such as our donation form, your web browser will typically show a lock icon.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. The servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, and the passwords to service them are regularly changed. For a detailed description of the security protection for credit card transactions, please contact Paypal.
Questions?
If you have any concerns about this policy, please contact us at info@nofamass.org or call us at (978) 355-2853.
This website uses cookies and third party services.
Ok
Go to Top