http://www.nlc.org/privacy-policy
Skip to Content
Collection of your Personal Information
As an E-commerce Web site, NLC collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Information collected by NLC is used solely for the purpose of billing and shipping your online purchases. NLC does not collect any information about your computer hardware and software.
NLC encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from NLC so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the NLC Web site.
Use of your Personal Information
NLC and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to process product orders and deliver the products requested.
NLC does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. NLC may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
NLC does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
NLC may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on NLC or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of NLC, including its Web site; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of NLC or the public.
Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which NLC or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. NLC abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
Control your Personal Information
NLC offers its customers choices for the collection, use and sharing of personal information. You may go notify us of your preferences by emailing membership@nlc.org. Please be sure to provide complete account information so we can identify you in our records.
You may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from NLC by logging in to myNLC and updating your email preferences
Security of your Personal Information
NLC is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, that are located in controlled facilities.
When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through Verisign’s Payment Service.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Cookies are small bits of data cached or stored on your computer based on Internet activity. We use cookies to monitor individual activity in aggregate to improve the Site. The information we gather may include IP address, user language, the operating system, browser type, the presence/absence of “flash” plug-ins, screen resolution, connection type, and information that identifies the cookie. However, no other user information is generally collected. On most web browsers you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. This will tell you how to stop accepting cookies, how to be notified when you receive a browser cookie, and how to disable existing browser cookies. Remember though that without browser cookies you may not be able to take advantage of all our Site features. We also use web beacons (also known as clear gifs), which are tiny graphics embedded on a web page to help us measure the effectiveness of particular content. Unlike cookies, web beacons are not stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Other Websites
Please be aware that our Site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those websites linked to our Site are not covered by this Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of websites to which the Site links. If you provide any information to such third parties, different rules regarding the collection and use of your PII may apply. We strongly suggest you review such third party’s privacy policies before providing any data to them. These other sites may send their own cookies or web beacons to users, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these entities directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.
Children
NLC understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy in the interactive online world. The Site covered by this policy is not designed for or intentionally targeted at children 13 years of age or younger. It is not our policy to intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.
Inquiries, Corrections and Complaints
Your data is submitted to NLC and is hosted and stored in a database on servers situated in the United States by us and by third parties on our behalf. If you are located outside the United States your use of the Site constitutes your consent to the transfer of any personal information to the US.
You are responsible for ensuring that the personal information you have submitted or access through the Site is accurate and complete. You may change the information we have on file for you by accessing My Account and entering any new or different details. If you have included payment details or credit card information, you may alter these via the appropriate link on your My Account page. Please contact us immediately if you notice changes to your profile that you did not request or if you notice any suspicious activity concerning your account.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Web Privacy Policy or about privacy at our Site, you should first contact us by sending an email to or calling us at 877-827-2385 and we will try to resolve it.
National League of Cities660 North Capitol Street NWSuite 450Washington, DC 20001
If you wish to modify or update any information we have received, please contact webmaster@nlc.org.
Modifications of the Web Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Web Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you by posting an amendment to the privacy policy on the Site and highlighting the changes in an appropriate notice. Such modifications will become effective thirty (30) days after they are posted. We encourage you to frequently review the Web Privacy Policy for any modifications. ———————————————————
The NLC website uses Analytics tracking code to support Display Advertising, specifically Remarketing & Google Analytics Demographics Reporting. Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising Interest Reporting using Google’s Ads Settings here: www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads This website server does not currently respond to the DNT signal, but you can enable DNT=on within your browser settings, and this will also opt-out of Remarketing and behavioral ads. Additionally, You may opt-out of all tracking by installing a browser plug-in here: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout ———————————————————
Your California Privacy Rights
A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California customer”) is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a California customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed.
However, under the law, a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its privacy policy) a policy of not disclosing customer’s personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy. Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right.
As stated in this Web Privacy Policy, we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure. If you do ask us to share your information with a third party for its marketing purposes, we will only share information in connection with that specific promotion, as we do not share information with any third party on a continual basis. To prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party, do not opt in to such use when you provide personally identifiable information on one of our sites. Please note that whenever you opt in to receive future communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy. If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use information. You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information.
California members may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing webmaster@nlc.org. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address.