http://www.azdhs.gov/privacy-policy.php
Skip to page content
Skip to page menu
Skip to site search
Search az.gov
Welcome to the Arizona Department of Health Services (ADHS) website. This Privacy Policy applies only to this website.
As a visitor to azdhs.gov, ADHS collects no personally identifiable information, such as your name, e-mail address, or Social Security number when you visit this website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
ADHS uses Google Analytics, including Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information about website users. This data helps us make informed website improvements and make the website more useful to you. The types of information collected may include the date and time of your visit; the website pages that you view; the address of the website you came from prior to your visit to azdhs.gov; and your age, gender and interests (as indicated by Google). Using Google Ads Settings you may opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads. You may also use Google Analytics' currently available opt-outs for the web.
Social Media Websites
In order to best communicate and engage with the citizens of Arizona, ADHS maintains accounts on third-party websites such as popular social media channels. Information about you and your activity on those sites is governed by the third-party website's security and privacy policies. Regarding communication with ADHS on those sites, please reference our Terms of Use which outlines acceptable behavior for participation on ADHS social media channels.
What are my options for providing personal information?
Information sent to us electronically is not necessarily secure against interception.
If your communication is private or includes personal information such as your Social Security number, you may want to send it by postal mail or contact us in person or by phone.
ADHS Telephone Numbers and Address Information
Who can I contact if I have questions?
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact our Agency Privacy Officer:
Arizona Department of Health Services
Agency Privacy Officer
150 North 18th Avenue, Suite #200
Phoenix, AZ 85007
Phone: (602) 542-1020
Fax: (602) 364-1150
HIPAA Privacy
Information on HIPAA privacy