http://www.evergreen.edu/about/privacy
Skip to main content
about.jpg
Explore Campus Virtual Campus Tour Explore Olympia and Beyond Learning at Evergreen Evergreen Accolades Expectations of an Evergreen Graduate The Five Foci of Learning Graduate Studies Mission Programs and Classes The Social Contract Evergreen's People Student Profiles Success After Evergreen Our Mascot, the Geoduck College Administrators Other Locations Native Pathways Program Tacoma
Online Privacy Statement Acceptance of Terms. Use of Evergreen’s website is voluntary. By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information (“PII”) and non-personal information as described in this Online Privacy Statement. This Online Privacy Statement only governs the use and disclosure of information collected through the Evergreen website. Evergreen respects the principles of academic freedom, freedom of speech, and the right of privacy.Non-Personal Information Evergreen Collects From You. Evergreen may collect information about your Internet connection, including but not limited to:The Internet Protocol (IP) address and name of the Internet domain you used to access the Internet;The IP address of the website from which you linked directly to an Evergreen website;The date and time you accessed an Evergreen website;The pages you visited; andThe web browser and operating system you used to access an Evergreen website.This information (“non-personal information”) does not identify you personally. Evergreen may use this non-personal information to monitor the effectiveness of our websites and to consider potential improvements.Personally Identifiable Information Evergreen Might Collect From You. Evergreen may request that you voluntarily provide certain personally identifiable information (“PII”) to participate in the password-protected areas, download information, join Evergreen mailing lists, engage in payment transactions, or for other uses. Evergreen does not collect any PII about you when you visit this website unless you give Evergreen that information. You may choose not to provide PII via this website. Evergreen is a state agency, and as such, subject to the laws governing the Preservation and Destruction of Public Records (RCW 40.14). As Evergreen determines is appropriate, Evergreen will maintain or destroy PII you voluntarily provide.Use of Your Personally Identifiable Information. Unless there are restrictions on use of your PII or unless Evergreen tells you otherwise, Evergreen (or third parties engaged by Evergreen) may use your PII to:Administer your participation in this website;Communicate information Evergreen thinks may be of interest to you;Fulfill your requests for services or materials;Contact you;Conduct research or surveys;Respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; andEstablish or exercise Evergreen legal rights or defend against legal claims.Sharing Your Information. Evergreen may disclose your PII to authorized users of this website and third party service providers and suppliers to facilitate the services Evergreen provides. Authorized users are Evergreen employees or third parties who have been granted access and have a need to know the information collected in order to fulfill Evergreen’s mission. Evergreen may disclose PII to other affiliated institutions and/or if Evergreen is required to do so by law. Evergreen is a state agency, and as such, Evergreen is subject to the Washington Public Records Act, RCW 42.56. As deemed appropriate, Evergreen will disclose PII requested pursuant to this law.Use of Cookies and Applets. Evergreen may transfer “cookies” or “applets” to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to collect non-personal information about your visit to our websites. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that Evergreen uses to identify your computer. Applets are small computer applications that relate information back to Evergreen.Evergreen may use information from cookies and applets for purposes such as website administration or assessing the technical function of this website. Evergreen may also use cookies and applets to track information about which pages you visit within this website to help Evergreen gauge the effectiveness of this website or Evergreen content.The help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, but this may limit your ability to use some features of our website.Linked Sites. Evergreen may provide links on this website to other sites of interest. Your use of such linked websites is subject to the privacy statements of the providers of those websites. Evergreen encourages you to be aware when you leave this website and to read the privacy statements of each website you visit.Security Measures. Evergreen works hard to protect the security of the information that you provide to Evergreen. While Evergreen strives to protect your information through measures that protect Evergreen systems, such security cannot be guaranteed. Consequently, Evergreen does not insure or warrant the security of information you transmit, and you do so at your own risk.Changes. Evergreen may change this Online Privacy Statement from time to time. If Evergreen does make a change, Evergreen will post the revised Online Privacy Statement on this website. Evergreen encourages you to review this Online Privacy Statement periodically.Effective Date: October 16, 2013.Website Terms and Conditions of UseAcceptance of Terms. These Website Terms and Conditions of Use, as updated from time to time by The Evergreen State College, apply to this website which is published by Evergreen. You should carefully read these Website Terms and Conditions of Use before using the website. You can review the most current version of the Website Terms and Conditions of Use at any time at http://evergreen.edu/about/privacy.htm. This is a legally binding agreement. If you do not agree with these Website Terms and Conditions of Use, you are not authorized to use this website.Access to Password-Protected Areas. Access to certain portions of this website (“Password-Protected Areas”) may require login and password information. You must have this information in order to access these areas.Online Privacy Statement. The use of your personally identifying and non-personal information will be governed by this Online Privacy Statement (found at http://evergreen.edu/about/privacy.htm). Your use of this website indicates that you have read and agree to the Online Privacy Statement.Prohibited Behavior. You are responsible for your behavior in your use of this website and for respecting Evergreen’s and third parties’ (person or entity) rights in connection with the website and its content.You may not use this website for any purpose or in any manner that violates any local, state, or federal law or regulation.You may not violate Evergreen’s or a third parties’ rights via downloading, emailing, transmitting, or otherwise using this website.You may not use this website to post or send any infringing, threatening, defamatory, libelous, obscene, or pornographic material.You may not use or exploit any portion of this website to distribute commercial messages, “spam,” or other unsolicited communications.You may not directly or indirectly, intentionally disrupt or interfere with this website in any manner that may materially adversely affect Evergreen or any third party.You may not take any action that imposes or may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Evergreen’s network infrastructure, as determined by Evergreen in its sole discretion.You may not bypass any measures Evergreen may use to prevent or restrict access to this website.Disclaimer of Warranties. The use of this website is solely at your own risk. This website is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Evergreen expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind with respect to this website whether expressed or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Evergreen expressly disclaims any responsibility for the actions of any other user of this website. Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. Evergreen makes no warranty that this website will meet your requirements, or will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, current, accurate, complete or error-free or that the results that may be obtained by use of the site will be accurate or reliable. You understand and acknowledge that your sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any defect in or dissatisfaction with the site is to cease to use this website. You may have other rights which may vary from state to state.Exclusions and Limitation of Liability. You expressly understand and Agree that Evergreen shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages, including without limitation, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data loss, or other losses (even if advised of the possibility of such damages) resulting from any matter related to your use of this website.Intellectual Property. This website and its contents are owned by The Evergreen State College or third parties and are protected by law, including but not limited to copyright and trademark law. Certain content, such as copyrighted materials and trademarks, are used by permission of third parties. Except as allowed by law (such as fair use) or as expressly permitted in connection with specific content, this website and its contents may not be reproduced, modified, distributed, displayed, performed, or used in any way without the prior written permission of The Evergreen State College or the third-party owner.Links. This website may include links to other websites. You acknowledge and agree that such links are provided for your convenience and do not reflect any endorsement by Evergreen with respect to the linked site or its provider. Evergreen makes no representations or warranties with respect to any linked website: Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk.Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement and the relationship between you and Evergreen will be governed by the laws of the State of Washington, without respect to its conflict of law provisions. You agree that venue with respect to any dispute between you and Evergreen will rest exclusively in the state court located in Thurston County, Washington or federal courts located in King County, Washington.Changes. From time to time, Evergreen may change this website and/or the Website Terms and Conditions of Use. If a change to these Website Terms and Conditions of Use is made, Evergreen will post the revised Website Terms and Conditions of Use on this website. Evergreen reserves the right to add to or change this website or cease offering this website at any time and without liability. Evergreen reserves the right to refuse to offer access to this website and/or its content to anyone at any time without notice.Miscellaneous. These Website Terms and Conditions of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and any user, and Evergreen arising solely through the use of this website. These Website Terms and Conditions of Use are binding upon your successors, assigns, heirs and executors. If any provision of these Website Terms and Conditions of Use is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Website Terms and Conditions of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. The failure of Evergreen to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Website Terms and Conditions of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or condition. Any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to the website or these Website Terms and Conditions of Use must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose. The section titles of these website Website Terms and Conditions of Use of Use are merely for convenience and will not have any effect on the substantive meaning of this agreement.Your Responsibility. The Internet is a valuable tool for Evergreen’s education and research. Evergreen encourages you to be mindful of the intent and purpose of its websites and be responsible for safeguarding your personally identifiable information.Children.If under the age of 18: Some internet sites may ask you to share information about yourself. Before sending any information about yourself over the Internet to Evergreen, be sure to ask your parents for permission.If under the age of 13: If you are under the age of 13, your parent/legal guardian will need to verify that they permit you to disclose personally identifiable information via the respective Evergreen website.Parents/Legal Guardians. Evergreen encourages you take an active role in your children’s use of the internet by talking with them about safe and responsible computing before sending any information about themselves over the internet.Children Under the Age of 13: If your child is under the age of 13, Evergreen requests that you review the website and follow requested verification procedures before permitting your child to submit personally identifiable information.Termination. Evergreen may block, suspend, or terminate your use of the website at any time for any reason. Reasons Evergreen might do so include, but are not limited to, the following: (a) your breach of this agreement; (b) Evergreen is unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us; or (c) Evergreen believes that your actions could cause financial loss or legal liability to Evergreen or other users of this website; (d) routine network maintenance affecting all users; or (e) your use of this website or service in a manner that violates the law or Evergreen policies.Effective Date: October 16, 2013