http://www.ce-labs.com/privacy.aspx
HomeAbout Us       History       Leadership       Division Managers       Operations       Project Management StaffServicesProjects       Bay Area       Sacramento       Salt Lake City       Hawaii       Santa Rosa       InternationalCareersNews & MediaEmployee ResourceContact UsDispatch RequesteReports
Privacy Statement
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories is committed to protecting your privacy and developing
technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This
Statement of Privacy applies to the Consolidated Engineering Laboratories Web
site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Consolidated Engineering Laboratories
website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories collects personally
identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work
address or telephone number. Consolidated Engineering Laboratories also collects anonymous
demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code,
age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and
software that is automatically collected by Consolidated Engineering Laboratories. This information
can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and
referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Consolidated Engineering Laboratories for
the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to
provide general statistics regarding use of the Consolidated Engineering Laboratories Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable
information or personally sensitive data through Consolidated Engineering Laboratories public
message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note:
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories does not read any of your private online communications.
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Consolidated Engineering Laboratories so that you can understand how
those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Consolidated Engineering Laboratories is
not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites
outside of the Consolidated Engineering Laboratories and Consolidated Engineering Laboratories family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories collects and uses your personal
information to operate the Consolidated Engineering Laboratories Web site and deliver the services
you have requested. Consolidated Engineering Laboratories also uses your personally identifiable
information to inform you of other products or services available from
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories and its affiliates. Consolidated Engineering Laboratories may also contact you
via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of
potential new services that may be offered.
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories does not sell,
rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Consolidated Engineering Laboratories may, from
time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a
particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique
personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number)
is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Consolidated Engineering Laboratories may share
data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you
email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except
to provide these services to Consolidated Engineering Laboratories, and they are required to
maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories does not
use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or
political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories keeps
track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Consolidated Engineering Laboratories,
in order to determine what Consolidated Engineering Laboratories services are the most popular.
This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories to customers whose behavior indicates that they are
interested in a particular subject area.
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories Web sites will
disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so
by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a)
conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the
personal safety of users of Consolidated Engineering Laboratories, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Consolidated Engineering Laboratories Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your
online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by
a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to
your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a
web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary
purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The
purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a
specific page. For example, if you personalize Consolidated Engineering Laboratories pages, or
register with Consolidated Engineering Laboratories site or services, a cookie helps
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as
billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories Web site, the information you previously provided can be
retrieved, so you can easily use the Consolidated Engineering Laboratories features that you
customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web
browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser
setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you
may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories secures your personal information from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Consolidated Engineering Laboratories secures the
personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a
controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or
disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is
transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption,
such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Consolidated Engineering Laboratories encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Consolidated Engineering Laboratories is protecting
your information.
Contact Information
Consolidated Engineering Laboratories welcomes your comments
regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Consolidated Engineering Laboratories has
not adhered to this Statement, please contact Consolidated Engineering Laboratories at info@ce-labs.com. We
will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
Login
|  Terms Of Use
|  Privacy Statement
Copyright 2011 by Consolidated Engineering Laboratories
Website Maintenance & Creation by Web Wise Solutions
       