https://www.falco-systems.com/Privacy_policy.html
Impact of COVID-19
We are open for business. Falco Systems has taken appropriate measures to protect its employees and customers while ensuring business continuity. Lead times may be longer than usual.
Design award
Falco systems wins product design award for new phase inverter - buffer
Application notesBe sure to read our new application notes about driving MEMS and piezo actuators
Falco Systems Privacy Policy
Falco Systems respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. Please read the following privacy policy on how we use any personal information we collect about you. By using our website www.falco-systems.com, you accept and agree to this privacy policy.
Falco Systems may change this policy from time to time by updating this webpage. This policy is effective from May 25, 2018.
Who we are
Falco Systems BV is a Dutch company that designs and manufactures technology leading high voltage amplifiers for company R&D departments, research institutes and universities worldwide. Our company is based at the Remisestraat 1, 2225 TH Katwijk aan Zee in The Netherlands.
What information do we collect about you?
Generally, you are not required to provide any personal information about yourself when you visit our website www.falco-systems.com. Falco Systems only collects your personal information when you voluntarily provide us with this information (contact details such as name, affiliation, (email) address and phone number) when you fill out a (contact)form on our website, send us a quote request or e-mail (info@falco-systems.com), call us by phone, complete a survey and/or subscribe to our news updates. When you purchase a Falco Systems product we will also collect the shipping and billing contact, shipping and billing address and payment information such as bank account and VAT number. We will only use your personal information to comply with your request.
When you access our website, we may collect your IP address automatically to obtain usage data and your geographical location, the browser you use and your operating system. We do not link your IP address to anything that could identify you personally. We only use the anonymized data to optimize the content and improve the usability and stability of our website.
Falco Systems does not use cookies (small text files that are placed on your electronic devices when you visit a website).
What will the information be used for?
Falco Systems processes and secures your personal information in compliance with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and GDPR Implementation Act.
Falco Systems stores your personal information for one or more of the following reasons:
- To process your request to receive (a quotation for) one of our products and to be able to offer you services you may need regarding this product.
- To keep you informed about developments at Falco Systems, including sending you promotional messages.
- Legal obligations (such as tax legislation) and to defend or pursue legal claims.
Who will we share your data with?
Falco Systems will not publish, sell or share your personal information with any third party, unless disclosed to you when you submit your information or when we are legally obliged to do so.
How long will it be stored?
Falco Systems only uses your personal information for as long as we need to stay in touch and are communicating. When you purchase a Falco Systems product we will store your personal information during the lifetime of the product to provide you with our services and updates regarding the product you purchased.
What does Falco Systems do to protect your personal information?
Falco Systems has taken appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard the security of your personal information and protect it against manipulation, loss, destruction, damage, access by third parties and against any form of unlawful processing. Access to your personal information is limited to a small group of people. These people are aware of the sensitivity of the information and trained to handle the data correctly.
Questions, inspection or request for altering your data
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, or if you wish to inspect or correct the personal information Falco Systems has stored from you or if you would like to have your personal data removed, please contact us by regular mail or send an email to info@falco-systems.com.
(c) 2006 - 2020 by Falco Systems, all rights reserved. Terms and Conditions of Sale. Privacy Policy.