https://www.jsholdings.co.uk/privacy/
Mon to Fri: 9am - 5pm 01438 316994
My account
0 items - £0.00
MenuHomeAboutShopAir Sampling PumpsAsbestos Sampling EquipmentDigital InstrumentsFlowmetersBatteries & Battery ChargersEmissions MonitoringAccessoriesGlasswareFilter HoldersServicingBlogData SheetsContact
We always like to hear from our clients and customers! Have a question or query? Please feel free to get in touch on the details below.
We look forward to hearing from you...
JS Holdings
6 Leyden Rd
Stevenage
SG1 2BW
Telephone : 01438 316994
Email : info@jsholdings.co.uk
1. Introduction
J S Holdings is committed to preserving the privacy of every visitor to its Website. Please read this privacy policy to understand how we use and protect the personal information that you provide to us. All references in this privacy policy: to the “Website” refer to this website; to “we”, “us” and “our” refer to J S Holdings; and to “you” and “your” are to you, the user.
By sending your contact details to us by email or otherwise, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this privacy policy.
2. Use and Storage of Information
1. When you visit the Website you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself including your name and contact details. We may collect additional information about you from emails or other correspondence that you send to us and we may also collect information about your usage of the Website.
2. Your information will enable us to supply to you the information or services that you have requested. We may use your information to contact you for your views on our services and to notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to the Website or our services. We will also use and analyse information collected so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business.
3. We may contact you, if you have agreed, by telephone, SMS text message or by email. If you change your mind about being contacted in the future, please let us know by emailing us.
4. If we enter into a joint venture with, or are sold to, or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed to our new business partners or owners. Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent.
3. Storage of Information
1. The information you provide to us will be held on our computers. We employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. We will only retain your information for a reasonable period or for so long as either you or legislation permits.
2. If your personal information changes, please advise us of the relevant changes as soon as possible by emailing us.
4. IP addresses
On each visit to our website, the server will log your Internet Protocol (IP) address and the domain name of your Internet Service Provider, but none of your personal details can be derived from this information.
5. Cookies and How We Use Them
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
List of cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to track usage. Additionally 3 other cookies are required to help manage your shopping cart and account as follows:
woocommerce_cart_hash
woocommerce_items_in_cart
wp_woocommerce_session_
The first two cookies contain information about the shopping cart as a whole and helps the system identify / know when the cart data changes. The final cookie (wp_woocommerce_session_) contains a unique code for each customer so that it knows where to find the cart data in the database for each customer. No personal information is stored within these cookies.
6. Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to the Website and, where appropriate, sent to you by email notification.
7. Contact
All comments, queries and requests relating to our use of your information are welcomed and should be emailed to info@JSHoldings.co.uk.
Signup to our Newsletter...
Stay up to date with industry news, offers and more.
Email
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
JS Holdings
6 Leyden Rd
Stevenage
SG1 2BW
Telephone : 01438 316994
Email : info@jsholdings.co.uk
Quick contact…
Untitled*Email
Contact NumberUntitledNameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.