http://www.aldevron.com/aldevron-privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy supplements the Aldevron Website Terms of Use (collectively, this “Agreement”). We provide this Privacy Policy to make you aware of our privacy practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Website Terms of Use contain important provisions, including provisions disclaiming, limiting, or excluding the liability of Aldevron for your use of the Website and provisions determining the applicable law and exclusive jurisdiction for the resolution of any disputes regarding your use of the Website.
Securing personal information we collect from you is of great concern to us. We exercise care in providing secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers in connection with the Aldevron Website. Our website communications provide end to end encryption for data flowing between Aldevron and the browser. We use both passwords and usernames to authenticate users (i.e. to verify the identity of each registered user). Users are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of their own passwords.
Personal information collected by the Website is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. While Aldevron has mechanisms in place to safeguard your personal information once we receive it, please remember no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
What We CollectIn general, the types of personal information we collect may include, but are not limited to: your first and last name, email address, mailing address, information about your interest in Aldevron (for example, your profession), and billing information (including shipping addresses and any end-user information for the products purchased).
Additionally, to tailor our communications to you and to continuously improve our products and services, we may also ask you to voluntarily provide us with information regarding your scientific areas of interest, experience with our products, contact preferences, and other information that helps us serve you.
Sharing of InformationIn general, we provide access to your personal information only to affiliates, agents, vendors or service providers, who help us to provide products or services to you, or otherwise perform functions on our behalf. We will not sell or otherwise transfer your data to a third party for monetary consideration. We may disclose information about you to a non-affiliated third party at your request or if you consent to the disclosure.
Changes and AcceptanceAldevron reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Agreement, at any time. You are advised to check the Privacy Policy from time to time for any updates or changes that may affect you, as this is a legal contract binding on you. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes. As long as you comply with these Terms of Use, Aldevron grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Website. Additional services identified on or available through Aldevron.com may be subject to additional terms separate from this Agreement.
Application This policy applies to the information you provide to Aldevron through the Website. This policy does not apply to information collected by third parties linked in any way to the Website. We have no control over, and no responsibility or liability for, any third party’s collection, use, disclosure, or retention of the personal information that is provided directly to them, and that collection, use, disclosure, and retention is not subject to this policy.
Information Automatically Collected Aldevron automatically tracks certain information based on your behavior on our site. We use this information to analyze our users' behavior, interests, and demographics to better understand and serve you. This information may include websites or search engines that referred you to our site, what browser you are using, and your IP address.
Information You Provide It is your choice whether to provide personal information to Aldevron. Some information must be provided in order to participate in certain services, features, programs or activities, so the decision not to provide information might limit or eliminate certain functions of the Website or the ability to participate.
Use of Information Aldevron may use information collected on the Aldevron Website, which may include information gathered about you, for various purposes. Aldevron uses personal information it collects to pursue our mission and operations, including the management of our Website and to engage in related activities. You should assume that we will use all information for all lawful purposes, including, without limitation, to provide you with information you request, to allow users to interact with social networks and platforms, and to enable Aldevron to monitor and analyze web traffic.
We do not purport to have listed all possible disclosures that we might make. This Privacy Policy is intended to help you understand our general practices. This Privacy Policy is not a promise that your information will never be disclosed except as described above.
We generally will retain information for as long as required, allowed, or for as long as we believe it useful. If you cease using the Website, or your permission to use the Website is terminated, we may continue to use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Policy as amended from time to time. We do not undertake retention obligations through this Privacy Policy. We may dispose of information in our discretion without notice, subject to applicable law. Secure, confidential information will be disposed of accordingly.
Cookies We may place a “cookie” on the browser of your computer. Cookies are small pieces of information that a website will store on your computer's hard drive to identify you during your session and make Aldevron services easier to use. Cookies are never used to store sensitive customer information such as names, addresses, credit card numbers or passwords. Acceptance of cookies is not a requirement to browse our site. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can configure your browser to prevent that.
Other Websites Our website and publications contain numerous links to other websites. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other organizations or the content of external websites.
Messages from Aldevron Subscribers to information provided by Aldevron are given the opportunity to opt-in or opt-out of receiving periodic messages. You may discontinue the delivery of news and updates at any time. If you do not wish to receive certain communications from us, you may opt out by:
Declining the service offered when registering or at other information gathering points on our website, or
Informing us that you no longer wish to receive such communications by unsubscribing from our email list.
We will comply with such requests unless such communications from us are required by law or contract or do not require your consent under applicable laws. If you opt out of certain communications, you may not be able to access certain of our products or services. If you would like to opt-out of receiving communications from affiliates or other third parties with whom we shared data in accordance with this policy, please contact such third parties directly.
Contacting Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or other matters that relate to it, contact us by:
Using our contact form
Mail: Aldevron LLC, Attention: Contracts, 4837 Amber Valley Parkway, Fargo, ND 58104
Telephone: 1 (701) 297-9256
Updated August 2017
Website Terms of Use
Service Terms & Conditions
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)