http://www.evomarkets.com/terms___conditions/
Cookie/Privacy Notice
We use cookies for analytics and to improve our site. We have a new Cookie Policy and have also updated our Privacy Policy. You agree to our use of cookies and our privacy policy by closing this message box or continuing to use our site. To find out more visit our
privacy policy
HomeTerms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
By accessing, visiting, or otherwise utilizing the Evolution Markets Inc. web site (the "Site"), you agree to the following terms and conditions and to additional and more specific terms and conditions by clicking on the "I accept this Agreement", or other similar boxes. Users should note that checking such boxes on our Site will be a legally binding obligation to such additional terms and conditions. You represent that you have read and understand each of the terms and conditions described below and agree that these terms and conditions apply to your use of the Site. If you do not agree to accept the following terms and conditions, you may not use the Site, or open an account. It is important that you read these terms and conditions carefully. Your use of our Site is subject to these terms and conditions.
LICENSE TO USE THE SITE
Evolution Markets Inc. agrees to grant access to Site users on a non-exclusive, non-transferable and revocable basis. Evolution Markets Inc. reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to limit or terminate your access to the Site. Evolution Markets Inc. may offer different levels of Site access to users in its sole discretion.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND NO WARRANTIES
Access to the site and all information and content contained herein is provided "as is". Evolution Markets Inc. makes no warranties, representations or guarantees as to the merchantability, fitness for purpose, non-infringement or otherwise, with respect to the site, its content, any documentation or any software provided by Evolution Markets Inc. In no event will Evolution Markets Inc., its affiliates, its vendors or any of their directors, Officers, Employees or agents be liable for any possible loss or damage that might occur as a result of using, accessing, installing, modifying, deactivating or attempting to access the Site.
USE OF E-MAIL
For our mutual protection and to correct misunderstandings, you understand and agree that we may monitor and retain e-mail communications conducted with us. Personally identifiable information, including the contents of and addresses of e-mail, may be shared with our affiliates. A user may opt out of having such information shared with third parties, except such information may be disclosed by Evolution Markets Inc. in order to be in compliance with all appropriate and applicable regulations and laws for the conduct of the business of Evolution Markets Inc. and in response to a request or demand for such information made by any governmental entity, including law enforcement agencies of such governmental entity.
NO RECOMMENDATION OR SOLICITATION
We may occasionally make information available to you through our Site about various transactions, investment strategies or services, including our own reports and commentaries and reports or presentations prepared by others. You should not view the fact that we make this information available as our recommendation to you of any particular transaction, investment strategy, service or service provider. This information is not personalized and is in no way tailored to reflect your own circumstances or objectives, and the transactions or investment strategies discussed might not be suitable for you. You acknowledge that you are not relying upon any representations or opinions of Evolution Markets Inc. to influence your decision to execute any transaction. Unless you are individually contracted with us for such specific services, we are not acting as a fiduciary or a financial, investment or trading or other advisor for you and we have no obligation to determine that any transaction or service is suitable for you.