http://www.eco-pb.org/site-information/privacy-policy.html
ECO-PBImprintPrivacy PolicyThe protection of your personal data is very important to us. We therefore ask you to read the following privacy policy carefully.The purpose of this policy is to inform you about the reason for and extent to which your personal data will be processed when you visit our website. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact the controller.This website uses SSL or TLS encryption to protect the transmission of personal data and other confidential content (e.g. orders or inquiries to the controller). You can recognize an encrypted connection by the character string "https://" and the lock symbol in your browser line.(1) Controller within the meaning of Art. 4 No. 7 General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter: “GDPR”) is:ECO-PB - European Consortium for Organic Plant Breeding c/o FiBL Deutschland e.V. Postal address: P.O. Box 90 01 63, 60441 Frankfurt am Main, Germany Street address: Kasseler Strasse 1a, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany phone: +49 69 713 76 99 83 e-Mail: info(at)eco-pb.org(1) According to the applicable laws, you have various rights regarding your personal data:Right to obtain confirmation and accessRight to request rectificationRight to erasure ('right to be forgotten')Right to request restriction of processingRight to data portabilityRight to objectRight to withdraw the given consentIf you wish to assert these rights, please send your request by e-mail or by post to the address mentioned above.(2) You also have the right of lodging a complaint with a supervisory authority about the processing of your personal data with us.(1) When using our website for information purposes only, i.e. if you do not register or otherwise provide us with information, we only collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server (so-called "server log files"). If you want to visit our website, we collect the following information that is technically necessary for us to display our website and to ensure the stability, functionality and security of our website:our visited websiteused IP addressdate and time of accessTime zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)Access status / HTTP status codethe amount of data transferred in bytesWebsite from which you accessed the site (source/reference)used browserthe operating system used and its interfaceLanguage and version of the browser software.(2) The legal basis is our legitimate interest in ensuring a smooth connection setup and a comfortable use of the website as well as in the possibility to evaluate system security and stability and to pursue further administrative purposes in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR.(3) The data will not be passed on or used in any other way.(1) Like many other websites, we also use so-called "cookies". Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard drive and through which certain information flows to the institution that places the cookie (in this case the institution is us). Cookies cannot run programs or transmit viruses to your computer. They are intended to make the website more user-friendly and effective and to enable the use of certain functions. When using this common data and information we do not draw any conclusions about the person concerned. This information is just required to deliver the contents of our website correctly. This anonymously collected data and information is therefore evaluated by us statistically and with the aim of increasing data protection and data security in our company to ensure an optimum level of protection for the personal data processed by us. If certain cookies process personal data, processing is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.(2) This website uses the following types of cookies:Transient cookies (see a)Persistent cookies (see b)Flash cookies (see c)a) Transient cookies – in particular so-called session cookies - are automatically deleted when you close your browser. These cookies store a so-called session ID, with which different requests of your browser can be assigned to a joint session. This will allow your computer to be recognized when you return to our website. Session cookies are deleted when you log out or close your browser.b) Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. These cookies remain on your device and enable us or our partner companies (third-party cookies) to recognize your browser on your next visit. You can delete the cookies in your browser settings at any time.c) The used Flash cookies are registered by your Flash plug-in. HTML5 storage objects are also stored on your device. These objects store the required data independently of your browser and have no automatic expiry date. If you do not want Flash cookie to process data, you must install an appropriate add-on, such as "Clear Flash Cookies" for Mozilla Firefox (https://addons.mozilla.org/de/firefox/addon/clear-flash-cookies/) or the Adobe Flash killer cookie for Google Chrome. You can prevent the use of HTML5 storage objects by using the private mode in your browser. We also recommend that you regularly delete your cookies and your browser history manually.(3) You can configure your browser settings according to your wishes and, for example, refuse third party cookies or all cookies. You can also choose to be notified when cookies are set and you can decide individually whether you want to allow them or not. Each browser differs in the way it manages the cookie settings. This is described in the help menu of each browser, which explains how you can change your cookie settings.You will find these for the respective browsers under the following links:Internet Explorer:https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies  Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences Chrome: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&hlrm=en&answer=95647 Safari: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac Opera: https://help.opera.com/en/latest/web-preferences/#cookiesPlease note that the functionality of our website may be limited if cookies are not accepted.(1) In addition to the purely informational use of our website, we offer various services which you can use if you are interested. For this purpose, you must generally provide further personal data, which we use to perform the respective service and to which the aforementioned data processing principles apply. In some cases we use external service providers to process your data. These have been carefully selected and commissioned by us, are bound by our instructions and are regularly checked.(2) We may also pass on your personal data to third parties if we cooperate with service providers who offer you promotions, lotteries or similar.(3) Furthermore, we inform you in the respective offer about a transfer of your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).(1) If you send us enquiries via our contact form or via e-mail, your data will be stored for the purpose of answering the enquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. You will be required to provide your organisation name, street, post code, city, country and e-mail address, the type of membership and the name of the contact person. Providing a telephone number and other data is voluntary and serves to facilitate contact and to enable us to address you personally. These data are stored and used solely for the purpose of responding to your request or for establishing contact and the technical administration. The legal basis for processing the data is our legitimate interest in responding to your request in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.(2) Your data will be deleted when your inquiry has been finally clarified and if no statutory retention obligations oppose this.(1) On our website we offer the possibility to subscribe to our newsletter. You will be asked for your consent when ordering the newsletter. With this newsletter we inform in regular intervals about current and interesting offers. The advertised goods and services are named in the declaration of consent.(2) In order to receive our newsletter, you need a valid e-mail address. We will check the e-mail address you have entered to ensure that you are actually the owner of the e-mail address provided or that the owner of the e-mail address has authorised the receipt of the newsletter. This is done using the double-opt-in method. This means that after your registration we will send you an e-mail to the e-mail address you have provided, asking you to confirm that you would like to receive the newsletter. If you do not confirm your registration within[24] hours, your information will be blocked and automatically deleted after one month. In addition, we store your IP addresses and the time of registration and confirmation.(3) After giving your confirmation we will save your e-mail address for the purpose of sending you the newsletter. The data will not be passed on to third parties. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR.(4) You can revoke your consent at any time and cancel the newsletter. You can declare your revocation by clicking on the link provided in every newsletter e-mail, by e-mail to info(at)eco-pb.org or by sending a message to the contact details given in the imprint.(5) We would like to point out that we evaluate your user behaviour when sending the newsletter. The newsletters contain a so-called "web-beacon", i.e. a pixel-sized file that is retrieved from our server when the newsletter is opened. For the evaluation we link the data mentioned in (2) and the web beacons with your e-mail and an individual ID. The data will be collected solely in a pseudonymised manner, i.e. ID´s will not be linked to your other personal data. You can declare your revocation by clicking on the link provided in every newsletter e-mail, by e-mail to info(at)eco-pb.org or by sending a message to the contact details given in the imprint.(1)    We use the component "Google Maps" from Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter "Google") on our site to display geographical information visually. By visiting the website, Google receives the information that you have called up the corresponding subpage of our website. In addition, the technically required data (name and URL of the retrieved file, date and time of the retrieval, transferred data volume, notification of successful retrieval (HTTP response code), browser type and browser version, operating system, referrer URL (i.e. the previously visited page), IP address and the requesting provider) is transmitted. This is regardless of whether Google provides a user account that you are logged in with or whether no user account exists.(2)    Google LLC, headquartered in the USA, is certified for the US-European data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which guarantees compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU. If you do not agree to the future transmission of your data to Google in using Google Maps, it is also possible to completely deactivate the Google Maps web service by switching off the JavaScript application in your browser. Google Maps and therefore also the map display on this website cannot be used.(3)    You can view Google's terms of use at policies.google.com/terms , the additional terms of use for Google Maps can be found at https://www.google.com/intl/en-US_US/help/terms_maps.html. Detailed information on data protection in connection with the use of Google Maps can be found on Google's website ("Google Privacy Policy"): https://policies.google.com/privacy/update?hl=en&gl=de(1) In order to present our contents correctly and graphically appealing in all browsers, we use script libraries and font libraries provided by Google Web Fonts (https://www.google.com/webfonts/) on this website. Google Web Fonts are transferred to your browser's cache to avoid multiple loading. If your browser does not support Google Web Fonts or does not allow access, content will be displayed in a default font. The legal basis for the use of Google Web Fonts is our legitimate interest in the correct graphical representation of our website in accordance with Art. 6 Par. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR.(2) By activating script libraries or font libraries, a connection to the operator of the library is automatically established. In theory, it is possible - but currently also unclear whether and, if so, for what purposes - that operators of corresponding libraries collect data. The privacy policy of the library operator Google can be found here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/(1) Data is collected and stored on this website using the web analysis service software Matomo (www.matomo.org), a service provided by InnoCraft Ltd., 150 Willis St, 6011 Wellington, New Zealand, (hereinafter: "Matomo") on the basis of our legitimate interest in statistical analysis of user behavior for optimization and marketing purposes pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. For the same purpose, pseudonymised user profiles can be created and evaluated from this data. This can be done using cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of the visitor's Internet browser. The cookies enable, among other things, the recognition of the Internet browser. The data collected with Matomo technology (including your pseudonymised IP address) is processed on our servers. The information generated by the cookie is not used to personally identify the visitor to this website and is not merged with personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym.(2) You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser if you do not agree to the storage and analysis of such data from your visit; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also subsequently object to the storage and use at any time in the cookie bar (at the bottom of every page). In this case, a so-called opt-out cookie is stored in your browser, which means that Matomo does not collect any session data. Please note that the complete deletion of your cookies means that the opt-out cookie will also be deleted and may have to be activated again by you.(3) Further information and Matomo's current privacy policy can be found at https://matomo.org/privacy/(1) If you have consented to the processing of your data, it is possible at any time to withdraw this processing for the future. As a result, your data will no longer be processed for the agreed purpose.(2) If your data are processed on the basis of a weighing of interests in accordance with the legal basis Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. e or f GDPR, you can object to this if you have special reasons against processing the data.(3) You also have the possibility to object to the processing of your data for the purpose of direct marketing. Thus, your data will no longer be processed for the purpose of direct advertising.ECO-PB - European Consortium for Organic Plant Breeding c/o FiBL Deutschland e.V. Postal address: P.O. Box 90 01 63, 60441 Frankfurt am Main, Germany Street address: Kasseler Strasse 1a, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany phone: +49 69 71 37 69 976 e-Mail: mail(at)eco-pb.org Website: www.eco-pb.org