http://www.blackpoolzoo.org.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Coronavirus COVID-19: Information for Visitors. Click here for latest updates. Close
Privacy Policy
You are hereHome | Privacy Policy
GLG are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This privacy policy (together with GLG’s terms of use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data GLG collects from you, either via the site (as defined below) or in relation to information that you provide to GLG by any other means, will be processed by it.  Please read the following carefully to understand GLG’s views and practices regarding your personal data and how GLG will treat it.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (as supplemented by the Data Protection Act 2018) and any other data protection legislation in force in the United Kingdom from time to time, the data controller is Grant Leisure Group Limited (GLG), Blackpool Zoo, East Park Drive, Blackpool, Lancashire, FY3 8PP.
GLG has appointed a data protection officer (DPO) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO by emailing info@blackpoolzoo.org.uk.
http://www.blackpoolzoo.org.uk (the site) is a site operated by GLG, a limited company incorporated in England and Wales with company number 01679912 whose registered office is at Blackpool Zoo, East Park Drive, Blackpool, Lancashire, FY3 8PP.  GLG’s VAT number is 916 3297 15.
It is important that you read this privacy policy, together with any other privacy policy or notice that GLG may provide on specific occasions when GLG are collecting or processing personal information about you, so that you are aware of how and why GLG are using such information.
The site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of GLG’s partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that GLG does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Information GLG may collect from you
GLG may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give to GLG. You may give GLG information about you by purchasing tickets and or making reservations through or filling in forms on the site, by completing forms or providing information in person at Blackpool Zoo itself or by corresponding with GLG by phone, e-mail or otherwise. The information you give GLG may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, financial and credit card information or other factual information about yourself which you provide when you purchase entry or experience tickets or gift vouchers either on the site or at Blackpool Zoo, complete a membership pack or make enquiries to become a member of Blackpool Zoo, you complete the necessary forms in order to adopt an animal, you book a party at Blackpool Zoo, you apply for or take a job at Blackpool Zoo, you participate in discussion boards or other social media functions including signing up to GLG’s newsletter, you enter a competition, promotion or survey, or when you report a problem to GLG.
Information GLG collects about you. GLG may also automatically collect the following information about you when you use the site:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from the site (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Please see our Cookies Policy for further information.
Information GLG receives from other sources. GLG may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites GLG operates or the other services GLG provides. GLG are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers) and may receive information about you from them.
It is important that the personal data GLG holds about you is accurate and current. Please keep GLG informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with them.
Uses made of the information
GLG uses information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to GLG. GLG will use this information:
to provide you with the information that you request from GLG;
where GLG needs to perform the contract you are about to enter into with them or that they have already entered into with you;
where it is necessary for GLG’s legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests;
where GLG needs to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally GLG does not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although GLG will get your consent before sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You will receive marketing communications from GLG and/or third party marketing services providers engaged on behalf of GLG from time to time, if you have requested information from GLG or purchased tickets, memberships or other goods from GLG or if you provided GLG with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Information GLG collects about you on the site. GLG will use this information:
to administer the site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve the site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of GLG’s service, when you choose to do so;
as part of GLG’s efforts to keep the site safe and secure; and
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising GLG serves to you and others.
Information GLG receives from other sources. GLG may combine this information with information you give to GLG and information it collects about you. GLG may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information GLG receives).
Failure to provide personal information. Where GLG requires personal information in order to be able to enter into a contract with you, or to perform a contract, your failure to supply the information will prevent the effecting or performance of the contract and GLG will have no liability for any loss which results from the failure to supply the required data.
How long GLG will hold the information. GLG only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes it collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, GLG considers the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which GLG processes your personal data and whether GLG can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Disclosure of your information
GLG may have to share your personal information with other companies within the GLG group who are based in the UK and Spain.
You agree that GLG may share your information with selected third parties including:
Service providers based in the UK or Spain who provide IT and system administration services;
Third party marketing services providers appointed by GLG to carry out marketing on its behalf. As at the date of this privacy policy this includes Salesforce UK Limited;
Professional advisors including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the UK or Spain;
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities based in the UK or Spain; or
Third parties to whom GLG (or any other group company of GLG) chooses to sell, transfer, or merge parts of its business or assets. Alternatively, GLG may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to GLG’s business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice
GLG requires all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. GLG does not allow its third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with GLG’s instructions.
Where GLG stores your personal data
All information you provide to GLG will be securely stored either electrically on its secure servers (including but not limited to web and email servers), in the cloud (via a credible third party cloud storage partner), within GLG’s’ accounting software, by any of GLG’s business partners, suppliers, sub-contractors or other companies within GLG’s group in connection with the performance of any contract GLG enters into with you or in hard copy paper format.  It is likely that your data will be transferred to GLG’s parent company, Parques Reunidos Servicios Centrales S.A. to be stored on its servers in Spain.
At the point of drafting this privacy policy, GLG does not transfer your personal data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA).
If in the future your personal data is transferred by GLG outside the EEA for processing or storage, GLG will ensure that any such transfer is made in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR (as supplemented by the Data Protection Act 2018).
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although GLG will do its best to protect your personal data, GLG cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once GLG have received your information, GLG will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
CRM: Regarding to our CRM (customer relationship management tool), the data controllers of your personal data are Parques Reunidos Servicios Centrales, S.A. (PRSC), with registered office at Paseo de la Castellana 216, floor 16, 28046, Madrid, Spain and Grant Leisure Group ltd, with registered office at Blackpool Zoo, East Park Drive, Blackpool, FY3 8PP, acting together as Joint Data Controllers (hereinafter, the “Data Controllers”). If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data or you need the essential parts of the joint data controllers agreement, please, contact with the Data Protection Officer (DPO) of Grant Leisure Group ltd by email, info@blackpoolzoo.org.uk and at dpo@grpr.com and postal address in Paseo de la Castellana 216, floor 16, 28046, Madrid, España).
Sales Force: Additionally, the Controllers have providers that may also process your personal data in order to provide the services necessary to carry out the purposes about which you are being informed (including, but not limited, companies which operate in the following sectors: technology, legal advice, marketing, multidisciplinary professional services, IT services, etc.). These providers will only access your personal data to carry out their services on behalf of the Controllers, following their security and data protection instructions and without using them for own and/or unauthorised purposes.
Among these providers the Controllers have appointed Salesforce Group (Salesforce) which provides services related to our customer relationship management platform (CRM) and which has companies all over the world. For these purposes, Salesforce will process your personal data within the European Economic Area (EEA) and in compliance with the applicable European data protection regulations. However, if necessary, Salesforce may also provide its services through companies located outside the EEA, which may involve carrying out international personal data transfers. However, in this case, the Controllers have also subscribed the binding contractual commitments and security measures required to guarantee that your personal data are processed in accordance with an  adequate level of protection comparable to the level required in the EEA (standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission on data protection in accordance with the European Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), complementary security measures in accordance with the ruling C-311/18 of the Court of Justice of the European Union and subject to certification mechanisms). For more information, please do not hesitate to contact the Controller Data Protection Officer by using any of the contact addresses indicated in this Privacy Policy above.
Your Legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These are summarised below.
Complaint
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). GLG would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact GLG in the first instance.
Opt Out
You have the right to ask GLG not to process your personal data for marketing purposes or any other purposes at any time. GLG will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if it intends to use your data for such purposes or if it intends to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent the processing of data for marketing purposes by refusing to provide consent on the forms GLG uses to collect your data.  Where you have previously provided consent to receive marketing material from GLG, you can also exercise the right to withdraw consent at any time by contacting GLG at info@blackpoolzoo.org.
Access to information
You have the right to request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data GLG hold about you and to check that GLG are lawfully processing it.
Rectification
You have the right to request correction of the personal data held by GLG. This enables you to have any inaccurate or incomplete data GLG hold about you corrected, though GLG may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to it.
Erasure
You have the right to request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask GLG to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for GLG continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask GLG to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where GLG may have processed your information unlawfully or where GLG are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that GLG may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Data portability
You have the right to obtain and relocate your personal data held by GLG or  you  to a third party.  GLG will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for GLG to use or where GLG used the information to perform a contract with you.
Restriction on Processing
You have the right to request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask GLG to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
if you want GLG to establish the data's accuracy;
where GLG’s use of the data is unlawful but you do not want GLG to erase it;
where you need GLG to hold the data even if GLG no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims;
you have objected to GLG’s use of your data but GLG need to verify whether it has overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Objecting to Processing
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data where GLG are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where GLG are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, GLG may demonstrate that it has compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Automated decision making
You also have the right under in some circumstances not to be the subject of a decision based on automated processing or profiling which produces a legal effect or other significant effect on you.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, GLG may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, GLG may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
Time limit to respond
GLG try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take GLG longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, GLG will notify you and keep you updated.
Changes to the privacy policy
Any changes GLG may make to its privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to the privacy policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to info@blackpoolzoo.org.uk.
Blackpool Zoo is now open!
We are in Tier 3 rules so we are unable to open indoor viewing areas of our animal houses or indoor seating areas – but stick your wellies on, dig out your woollies, wrap up warm and enjoy plenty of fresh air as you explore the zoo.
We are really looking forward to welcoming you all back!!
A full list of restrictions and measures in place can be found here.  Please ensure you read them before you book your tickets as they are non-refundable and non-exchangeable.
Jobs
FAQs
Terms
Legal
Privacy
Cookies
Accessibility
About us
History
FB
Twitter
Youtube
Flickr
Opening times
Prices
How to find us
App
Zoo Map
Animals
Exhibits
Animal Experiences
Podcast talks
Cafes and Shops
Activities
Our Animals
Conservation
Enrichment
New Arrivals
Animal Adoptions
School and Groups
Courses