http://www.royensoc.co.uk/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Login
Basket
Shopping cart
Your shopping cart is empty.
User login
E-mail *
Password *
Create new account
Forgotten password
CAPTCHAThis question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.
Covid-19 Updates
You can read our Covid-19 updates on the dedicated page.
Terms & Conditions
Credit
This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.freenetlaw.com
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern the use of the Royal Entomological Society website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use the website.
The Royal Entomological Society website and all associated URLs and domain addresses are the intellectual property of the Royal Entomological Society of London (hereafter the Royal Entomological Society).
This website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to the Royal Entomological Society's use of cookies in accordance with the terms of the Royal Entomological Society's Privacy Policy.
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, the Royal Entomological Society and/or its licensers own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print/use pages or learning resources from the website for your own personal or educational use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
show any material from the website in public, except for educational purposes;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
edit or otherwise modify any material on the website;
redistribute material from this website (except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution using social media)
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without the Royal Entomological Society's express written consent.
You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.
You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without the Royal Entomological Society's express written consent.
User content
In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.
You grant to the Royal Entomological Society a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media. You also grant to the Royal Entomological Society the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or the Royal Entomological Society or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.
The Royal Entomological Society reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on the Royal Entomological Society servers, or hosted or published upon this website.
Notwithstanding the Royal Entomological Society's rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, the Royal Entomological Society does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.
No warranties
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied. The Royal Entomological Society makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, the Royal Entomological Society does not warrant that:
this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. If you require advice in relation to any matter you should consult an appropriate professional.
Limitations of liability
The Royal Entomological Society will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if the Royal Entomological Society has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit the Royal Entomological Society's liability in respect of any:
death or personal injury caused by the Royal Entomological Society's negligence;
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of the Royal Entomological Society, or
matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for the Royal Entomological Society to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.
If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, the Royal Entomological Society has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against the Royal Entomological Society's officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect the Royal Entomological Society's officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as the Royal Entomological Society.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify the Royal Entomological Society and undertake to keep the Royal Entomological Society indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by the Royal Entomological Society to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of the Royal Entomological Society's legal advisers) incurred or suffered by the Royal Entomological Society arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions.
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to the Royal Entomological Society's other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, the Royal Entomological Society may take such action as the Royal Entomological Society deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
The Royal Entomological Society may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
The Royal Entomological Society may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with the Royal Entomological Society's rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions, together with the Royal Entomological Society's National Insect Week Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and the Royal Entomological Society in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with UK and EU Law and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the United Kingdom.
Registrations and authorisations
The Royal Entomological Society is a registered UK charity. The Royal Entomological Society's registration number is 213620
The Royal Entomological Society's details
The full name of the Royal Entomological Society is the Royal Entomological Society of London
The Royal Entomological Society's address is:
Royal Entomological Society
The Mansion House
Chiswell Green Lane
St Albans
AL2 3NS
You can contact the Royal Entomological Society by email to registrar@royensoc.co.uk
Related Sites
National Insect Week
Identify an insect
The RES Library