https://www.galchimia.com/legal-notice/
+34 981 814 506 | +34 636 988 164
hello@galchimia.com
Why GalChimia
GalChimia at a glance
Team
Facilities
Client testimonials
Our philosophy
Join us
R&D
Project portfolio
Scientific explotation and dissemination
Services
Discovery Chemistry
Process Chemistry
Analytical Chemistry
Five reasons to choose GalChimia
FAQs
Chemical Catalog
News
Contact
My account
0
Shopping Cart
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Total:
0,00€
Legal Notice
GalChimia, S.A., as the owner of this website, hereinafter also “the Owner”, provides users with this document to comply with the obligations of Law 34/2002 of 11 July on Information Society and Electronic Commerce Services (LSSICE; Spanish Official State Gazette [BOE] No. 166), in addition to informing all website users regarding the conditions of use of the same.
The purpose of this document is to regulate the general conditions governing the website. Any person accessing the website is considered to be a user and agrees to strictly observe and comply with the rules provided herein and with any other applicable legal provisions. Therefore, you must carefully read both these conditions and those that regulate the different pages or sections, as well as the privacy policy and the cookies policy, as you will be understood to accept them each time you access our website.
GalChimia, S.A. reserves the right to change any information that may appear on the website without being obliged to notify or inform users in advance about such obligations, on the understanding that publication on the GalChimia website is sufficient for this purpose.
1. Identifying data
Domain name: www.galchimia.com
Commercial name: GalChimia
Company Name: GalChimia, S.A.
Tax ID No.: A15784614
Registered address: Cebreiro, s/n – 15823 O Pino (A CORUÑA)
Telephone: +34 981814506
e-mail: office@galchimia.com
2. Intellectual and industrial property rights
The website, including but not limited to its programming, editing, compilation and other elements necessary for its operation, its designs, logos, text and/or graphics, are the property of GalChimia, S.A. or, where applicable, the latter holds a license or express consent from the owners. All the contents of the website are duly protected by intellectual and industrial property regulations, as well as being registered in the corresponding public registries.
Regardless of the purpose for which it is intended, total or partial reproduction, use, exploitation, distribution or marketing requires the prior written consent of the website owner. Any use not previously authorised will be considered a serious breach of the author’s intellectual and industrial property rights.
The designs, logos, texts and/or graphics not belonging to the Owner, and which may appear on the website, belong to their respective owners, with such owners being responsible for any disputes which may arise with respect to them. GalChimia, S.A. expressly authorises third parties to redirect directly to the specific contents of the website, and in all cases to redirect to the main website www.galchimia.com.
The Owner of this website acknowledges that such other owners hold the corresponding intellectual and industrial property rights and that the mere mention or appearance of such designs, logos, texts and/or graphics on the website does not entail the existence of any rights or liability over the same, nor endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation by the Owner.
Remarks concerning possible breaches of intellectual or industrial property rights or about any of the contents of the website may be emailed to office@galchimia.com.
3. Exemption from liability
GalChimia, S.A. does not assume any liability for the information posted on its website whenever said information has been handled or entered by a third party external to it. In any case, the information that it contains from own or third-party sources does not constitute the provision of a professional service nor is it a source of advice. Therefore, GalChimia, S.A. does not guarantee the absence of errors in accessing the website or its content, nor that it is updated, although it will use all the measures at its disposal to avoid or
correct any errors.
In addition, the Owner participates actively on social networks, publishing news, events and comments and making them available to users and the general public, although the Owner is not responsible for the information and content published in chats, forums, blogs, social networks or any other media that allows users to publish content independently on the website or spaces owned by GalChimia, S.A.
Use of cookies
This website may use technical cookies (small information files that the server sends to the user’s computer when they access the page) to carry out certain tasks that are considered essential for the proper functioning and visualisation of the site. Every user who visits the website is informed of the use of these cookies through a floating banner. If the user accepts cookies, the banner will disappear, although at any time they can revoke their consent and obtain more information by consulting our Cookies Policy. The user has the possibility to configure their browser to be notified of incoming cookies and to prevent installation on their device. Please check your browser instructions for more information.
Link policy:
Users may be redirected from this website to the content of third-party websites. Since the website owner cannot always control the content posted by third parties on their websites, it does not accept any liability with respect to such content. In any case, it shall promptly remove any content which may contravene national or international law, morality or public order and will immediately remove links redirecting to such websites. It will also report the content in question to the authorities.
GalChimia, S.A. is not liable for stored information and content, including but not limited to forums, chats, blog generators, comments, social networks or any other media that allows third parties to independently publish content on the website of the OWNER. However, and in compliance with the provisions of articles 11 and 16 of the LSSICE, it will actively cooperate with all users, authorities and law enforcement agencies to remove or block, where appropriate, any content that may affect or contravene national or international legislation, third-party rights or morality and public order. If the user considers that there is any content on the website that may be considered to be of such a nature, they are requested to immediately notify the website administrator.
Although this website has been reviewed and tested to ensure it works properly, we cannot rule out the possibility of certain programming errors, or the occurrence of causes of force majeure, natural disasters, strikes or similar circumstances that make it impossible to access the website. GalChimia, S.A. will at all times work to ensure that users have continuous access to the website, but in no case can it guarantee this, nor the correct display, download or use of the elements and information contained on the website, which may be impeded, hindered or interrupted by factors or circumstances that are beyond its control.
IP addresses:
The website’s servers may automatically detect the IP address and the domain name used by the user. An IP address is a number automatically assigned to a computer when it connects to the internet. All this information is recorded in a duly registered activity file on the server that enables the subsequent processing of data in order to obtain solely statistical measurements to learn about the number of page views, number of visits to web servers, the order of visits, the access point, etc.
4. Governing law and jurisdiction
Any disputes or issues relating to this website or the activities performed thereon shall be resolved under the laws of Spain, to which the parties expressly submit, with Spanish being the language of interpretation thereof and of all the legal notices and legal texts contained on the website. The parties expressly submit to Spanish jurisdiction, with the resolution of any conflicts arising or related to the website being subject to the jurisdiction of the Courts and Tribunals of O Pino, A Coruña.
We use (our own and third-party) cookies for personalization and advertising purposes to create profiles based on your web browsing history, for example, to show you personalized content. You can accept all cookies by clicking "Accept", or configure them in Settings.
Accept
Reject
Settings
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Third party cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Check our privacy policy here.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Third party cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Changes