http://www.inno-therm.com/contact-us/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the privacy policy for the Schools & Homes Energy Education Project registered charity No. 1073347.
The policy covers the charity’s two websites:
www.inno-therm.com
Inno-Therm, suppliers of recycled acoustic & thermal natural fibre insulation.
www.solar-active.com
Solar Active, suppliers of educational resources and workshops in sustainable development, energy efficiency and renewable energy technologies, as well as a range of kits and components to help learning about solar energy.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
For site visitors who are not customers, we collect anonymised usage characteristics. Additionally for customers we will collect their name, address and contact details only for the purpose of supplying requested services or products.
Payment details of a customer when we supply our services or products are shown on invoices. All payments are processed through the company’s banks via BACS payments or by cheque and/or Paypal via credit card. The details they collect are subject to their respective privacy policies.
We do not ask for or collect any sensitive personal data, such as data concerning gender, age, health, religion, sexual orientation or ethnicity,
Comments
We welcome visitor comments on articles and blog posts on pages where this facility has been enabled.
We collect the commenter’s name which is used to identify the post author. The commenter is free to use a nickname instead of their real name. The name or nickname will be published alongside the comment.
We collect the commenter’s email address for use in the event of any queries connected with the comment. The commenter’s email address is not published.
We collect the commenter’s website if the commenter wishes to submit one. This information is not published.
Media
Any pictures and videos sent to us may be published. You should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Enquiry Form
We provide an enquiry form to enable visitors to submit enquiries about their project. The information is used only to be able to answer the query, and is not retained for marketing purposes.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
When purchasing items, our ecommerce system will save cart details as a cookie to be able to retain cart information across different pages of the site.
Analytics
Our sites collect anonymised usage data through Google Analytics. This data is handled in accordance with Google’s relevant privacy policy.
Who we share your data with
We do not sell or share personal data with partners or third parties. For purchases, we do share data with the relevant payment processor company.
How long we retain your data
Purchasers’ details, user comments and analytics data may be retained indefinitely.
What rights you have over your data
If you have purchased items or have left comments, you can request an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
We do not send your data outside the European Union.
Contact information
For any enquiries about privacy-specific concerns, please Contact us.
Our Data Protection Officer is David Garlovsky who may be contacted using the details on the Contact Us page.
How we protect your data
Our websites are protected using WordPress standard security procedures and secure passwords.
Data breach procedures
In the event of a data breach, we will contact customers and commenters to keep them informed.
Third parties we receive data from
We do not receive data from third parties.
What automated decision making or profiling we do with user data
We do not employ automated decision making or profiling with user data.
David Garlovsky
Data Protection Officer
Schools & Homes Energy Education Project
25 May 2018
Sidebar
Covid 19 During the current Covid 19 restrictions, we are able to continue to handle enquiries by phone and email. We are able to dispatch goods as courier services are still operating, providing your premises can accept deliveries. You must contact us to discuss delivery lead time.
Contact us Call 0114 258 7639
or 07968 844891
Email:
All quotations are free and without obligation.
Recent Posts
London Design Festival
International Fibre Recycling Symposium
Tech for Teachers Award
Tweets by innotherm
This website uses cookies. We'll assume you consent, but you can opt-out if you wish OK Disclaimer & CookiesDisclaimer & Cookies
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.