http://www.wildcard-innovations.com.au/terms.html
Home
Products
Argo Navis
Technical specs
Description
User Manual
Free downloads
Firmware upgrades
Software utilities
Photo gallery
Mount errors
Legend
Accessories
Mount hardware kits
Encoders
10,000 step
5000 step
Encoder cables
1.3m long
2.6m long
Obsession 18-inch
Obsession 20-inch
Obsession 25-inch
Serial cable
USB adapter
Power cable
Extra Cradle
FAQ
Purchase
Online Pricing and Purchase
Dealers
Company
About us
Mission statement
Environmental statement
Partners
Privacy statement
Terms and conditions
Forum
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
General
Wildcard Innovations Pty Ltd (ABN 56 076 242 450) is a company registered in the state of New South Wales,
Australia and complies with Australian Consumer Law.
Purchasing and shipping
Products may be purchased from us via our secure online purchasing page or by contacting us directly by email or telephone.
When you enter into the Online Price & Purchase Form your country of destination and if in Australia, an Australian postal code, the
form will automatically show the price of shipping and the likely method of shipping.
In general we ship via the
Postal service. The Online Pricing & Purchase Form will indicate whether the postal service provided will require
Signature on Delivery.
After completing an online transaction the system will automatically issue you with Reference Numbers which we encourage you to record.
Will will email you a confirmation of your order along with an estimated delivery time. We will endeavour to email you within a working
day of you placing the order.
For most items, we endeavour to ship within five working days or better. However, you should be aware that
some of our products, such as those that include encoder installation hardware, are manufactured on demand and may
have a lead time of anywhere between a day to 6 weeks. If you would like to know the estimated lead time for a product prior to
placing an order, please contact us.
Postal delivery times are not under our direct control and you should be aware of possible Custom's clearance delays.
If the goods you purchased are shipped via a postal service that provides online tracking, we will endeavour to forward you that tracking number
after your goods have shipped.
Repairs, replacements and refunds
Under the Australian Consumer Law, when you buy products and services they come with automatic guarantees that they will work and do what you asked for.
If a product you buy from us fails to meet a consumer guarantee under Australian Consumer Law, you have the right to ask for a repair,
replacement or refund as per the requirements of Australian Consumer Law. The remedy you're entitled to will depend on whether the issue is major or minor.
If you have a minor problem with a product, we can choose to give you a free repair instead of a replacement or refund.
When you have a major problem with a product, you have the right to ask for your choice of a replacement or refund.
Service and repairs
If you are experiencing a difficulty with a product that you purchased from us, please email sales@wildcard-innovations.com.au
with a description of the problem, or you can telephone us at +61-2-9457-9049 (09:00-17:00 Australian EST).
We will typically endevaour to respond to your email within the next working day, Monday-Friday, Australian Eastern Standard Time.
As our products are computing devices that are end-user installable on telescopes, they are technical by nature and
if you are experiencing a problem it may simply transpire that it is not a fault with the product but an issue related to
user operation, configuration or installation. We will endeavour to help you.
In order to assist you, we will provide technical advice and recommendations and we may request additional information
from you.
If we recommend that the product be inspected for possible repair, we will notify you and issue you with a Repair Notice
including a Return Material Authorization (RMA) number and airmail shipping details. Responsibility for posting the
product for repair is yours. We recommend shipping by a postal method that requires signature on delivery.
Repairs are carried out in Sydney, Australia.
You are entitled to return a product if you believe that there is a problem.
As per Australian Consumer Law, you are not entitled to a refund if you have purchased a product and have then simply changed your mind.
As a general provision to a Repair Notice, you should be aware that the repair of your goods may result in the
loss of any user-generated data. Please ensure that you have made a copy of any data saved on your goods.
We endevaour to carry out repairs using only new parts. However, if a component for your product is no longer
manufactured or available we may need to replace it with a refurbished component. We will notify you if that is the case.
Replacements and refunds
You can ask for a replacement or refund if the problem with the product is major.
Replaced products will be of an identical type to the product originally supplied.
Refunds will be the same amount you have already paid, provided in the same form as your original payment.
We will take into account how much time has passed since you bought the product considering the following factors :-
type of product
how a consumer is likely to use the product
the length of time for which it is reasonable for the product to be used
the amount of use it could reasonably be expected to tolerate before the failure becomes noticeable
A product or good is deemed to have a major problem when :-
it has a problem that would have stopped you from buying it if you had known about it
it is unsafe
it is significantly different from our
description
it doesn't do what we said it would, or what you asked for and can't easily be fixed
Warranty
Wildcard Innovations (Wildcard) warrants that its products shall be free from defects in materials and workmanship for
a period of one year from the date of original retail purchase. Wildcard will repair or replace such product or part
thereof, which, upon inspection by Wildcard, is found to be defective in materials or workmanship. As a condition to the
obligation of Wildcard to repair or replace such product, the product must be returned to Wildcard together with proof-of-
purchase satisfactory to Wildcard.
The proper Return Authorization Number must be obtained from Wildcard in advance of return. Email customer service
at sales@wildcard-innovations.com.au to receive the number to be displayed on the outside of your shipping carton.
All returns must be accompanied by a written statement setting forth the name, address, daytime telephone number
and/or email address of the owner, together with a brief description of any claimed defects. Parts or product for which
replacement is made shall become the property of Wildcard.
The customer shall be responsible for all costs of transportation and insurance, both to and from the Wildcard repair
facility, and shall be required to prepay such costs. The customer shall be responsible for carrying out all firmware
upgrade procedures when firmware is made available to correct defects or otherwise.
Wildcard shall use reasonable effort to repair or replace any product covered by this limited warranty within thirty days
of receipt. In the event repair or replacement shall require more than thirty days, Wildcard shall notify the customer
accordingly. Wildcard reserves the right to replace any product that has been discontinued from its product line with a
new product of comparable value and function. In the event no product of comparable value and function is then
marketed by Wildcard, Wildcard may, in lieu of replacement, pay the current fair market value of the product in
serviceable condition.
This warranty shall be void and of no force of effect in the event a covered product has been modified in design or
function, or subject to abuse, misuse, mishandling or unauthorized repair or has been damaged through the use of
cables or components not supplied or directly endorsed by Wildcard. Misuse shall include failure to observe all
warnings within the product manual or accompanying instructions or notices.
Further, product malfunction or deterioration due to normal wear is not covered by this warranty.
Wildcard disclaims any warranties, express or implied, whether of merchantability of fitness for a particular use, except
as expressly set forth herein.
The sole obligation of Wildcard under this limited warranty shall be to repair or replace the covered product, in
accordance with the terms set forth herein. Wildcard expressly disclaims any lost profits, general, special, indirect or
consequential damages which may result from breath of any warranty, or arising out of the use or inability to use any
Wildcard product. Any warranties which are implied and which cannot be disclaimed shall be limited in duration to a
term of one year from the date of original retail purchase.
Some countries and states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages or limitation
on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.
This warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights that vary from country to country and
state to state.
Wildcard reserves the right to modify or discontinue, without prior notice to you, any of its products.
Privacy Policy
We encourage you to read our Privacy Statement, which is
incorporated by reference into these Terms & Conditions. By using this web site, you agree to the provisions of our Privacy Statement.
Intellectual property
The materials displayed on this website, including without limitation all editorial materials, information, photographs,
illustrations, artwork, user manuals, installation instructions and other graphic materials, and names, logos and trade marks,
are the property of Wildcard Innovations and are protected by copyright, trade mark and other intellectual property laws.
Any such content may be copied to your computer or printed solely or for your personal, non-commercial use provided
that any copyright notice on such a display or page is not removed.
However, any such content may not be copied or reproduced on an Internet server such as a web site or FTP site
irrespective of whether it is for commercial or personal use, without the express
prior written consent of Wildcard Innovations.
You agree not to reproduce, retransmit, distribute, disseminate, sell, publish, broadcast or circulate any such material to
any third party without the express prior written consent of Wildcard Innovations.
Save for the above, and unless expressly granted, Wildcard Innovations does not grant any licence or right in,
or assign all or part of, its intellectual property rights in the content or applications incorporated into the
Wildcard Innovations website or in the user interface of the Wildcard Innovations website.
How to Contact Us
Details on how to contact us can be found on our Contact Us web page.
Wildcard Innovations Pty. Ltd. 20 Kilmory Place Mount Kuring-Gai NSW 2080 Australia
ABN 56 076 242 450
Phone +61-2-9457-9049
sales@wildcard-innovations.com.au
Argo Navis™, TPAS™ and the Eye Motif are trademarks of Wildcard Innovations Pty. Ltd. All other trademarks belong to their respective owners.
© Copyright 2019 Wildcard Innovations Pty. Ltd.
About Us | Technical Specs |
Mount Hardware | User Manual |
Purchase
Validate page
Validate CSS