http://www.labcell.com/privacy-policy
Food & PharmaceuticalsEnvironmental
Labcell Home
| SDS
| News
| Privacy Policy
| Site Map
| Contact Labcell
Privacy Policy
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our websites' home pages and browse our sites
without disclosing your personal data.
The services and links of our websites
Our websites do not enable our visitors to communicate with
other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others. Our
websites do not include links to third party web service
providers.
Automatic Collection of Information
We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link
information automatically logged by other means with personal data
about specific individuals. We do not use cookies to store personal
data nor do we link non-personal information stored in cookies with
personal data about specific individuals.
Data Collection and Purpose Specification
We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using
our services. We do not collect information about our visitors from
other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private
organisations. We may collect and use personal data for the
additional purposes of: Answering enquiries regarding our products
and services as well as supplying products when ordered. We may
also use your details to send you marketing information from
time-to-time. If you do not want to receive such information,
please contact us on +44 (0)1420 568150 or email mail@labcell.com to be removed
from our mailing list. If we wish to use your personal data for new
purposes, we offer you the means to consent to those new purposes
by sending an email to mail@labcell.com.
Childrens Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children. Should
a minor (under 16) contact us, once their age became apparent, we
would immediately remove any details they had given us from our
database and cease contact with them.
Disclosure and Visitor Choice
We do not disclose your personal data to other
organisations.
Confidentiality / Security
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical
measures to protect the personal data that we have under our
control from:
unauthorised access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorised modification
unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and
are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to
respect the confidentiality of our visitors personal data. We
ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State
institutions and authorities except if required by law or other
regulation.
Access to the personal data we may hold about you
You can ask us, by:
sending an email to mail@labcell.com
calling +44 (0)1420 568150
as to whether we are keeping personal data about you. Upon
request, we will provide you with a readable copy of the personal
data which we keep about you, within a week - although we will
require proof of your identity. We will provide the information
without any charge. We allow you to challenge the data that we hold
about you and, where appropriate, you may have the data: erased,
rectified or amended. We reserve the right to refuse to provide our
visitors with a copy of their personal data, but will give reasons
for our refusal. We do, however, allow you to challenge our
decision to refuse to provide you with a copy of your personal
data.
Privacy Compliance
Our privacy policy is compliant with the Data Protection Act
1998, United Kingdom. There are no global or regional regulatory or
self-regulatory schemes applicable to our web sites or
organisation. In order to demonstrate that our privacy policy
accords with the above privacy instruments, we are:
voluntarily committed to a Self Assessment procedure
subject to an Independent Data Protection Authority
supervision
Self Assessment procedure
For information apply to mail@labcell.com
Independent Data Protection Authority supervision
https://ico.org.uk/
Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF
Privacy Support
If you have an enquiry or concern about our privacy policy,
please contact:  mail@labcell.com
If you are not satisfied with our response to your concern: you
may wish to contact the Information Commissioner: https://ico.org.uk/
Copyright © 2009–2020 Labcell Limited
Labcell Ltd, Unit 3a Mansfield Park, Four Marks, Alton, Hants. GU34 5PZ
Web design by mbliss.co.uk
mail@labcell.com
+44 (0)1420 568150