http://www.wildcard-innovations.com.au/privacy.html
Home
Products
Argo Navis
Technical specs
Description
User Manual
Free downloads
Firmware upgrades
Software utilities
Photo gallery
Mount errors
Legend
Accessories
Mount hardware kits
Encoders
10,000 step
5000 step
Encoder cables
1.3m long
2.6m long
Obsession 18-inch
Obsession 20-inch
Obsession 25-inch
Serial cable
USB adapter
Power cable
Extra Cradle
FAQ
Purchase
Online Pricing and Purchase
Dealers
Company
About us
Mission statement
Environmental statement
Partners
Privacy statement
Terms and conditions
Forum
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
General
The privacy of individuals, including our customers, is of utmost importance to Wildcard Innovations.
Why and when we collect information that may directly identify you
Generally, we collect and use personal information about you to carry on our business,
namely to serve you as a customer when purchasing our products or services. We require
your name, address, email address and sometimes a contact phone number in order to invoice and ship
goods to you. If you are paying for one of our products over the telephone, we will
require your credit card details in order to perform the transaction. If you perform
an online credit card transaction, your credit card details are not seen by us.
When paying in this manner you will be directly connected using Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology
to a server at our Merchant Services provider, the Commonwealth Bank of Australia.
Wildcard Innovations also provides an online Product Registration form.
For purposes of Warranty protection, only a dated Wildcard Innovations Authorized
Dealer invoice is required.
However, the online Product Registration form can assist us in serving you
better should your goods ever need service. Filling out the Product Registration
Form also ensures that you - and no unauthorised persons - receive upgrades and
any other special offers we may decide to provide. The Product Registration form also
includes an option to receive email messages from us when a free firmware
upgrade is announced. By checking the appropriate box, you have certified
that the email address you have supplied belongs to you and you have given us
permission to email you for free firmware announcement messages. Should you wish
to opt-out of this service, a request should be sent to us. Should you wish to
correct any personal information submitted, you should contact us.
Wildcard Innovations hosts an online Users' Group Forum.
As a requirement for joining the forum, you will be need to submit a valid email address belonging to you which will be
retained in the forum's database software.
This email address is used by the forum software to validate your registration and to notify you of corrective
action should you forget your forum password. You may decide to register yourself on the forum using your real
name or a nickname. The name you use on the forum in any case is only regarded as a pseudonym and may possibly
bear no relation to your real name, so is not considered as directly identifying you. The forum optionally allows you
to create a user profile about yourself that is publically accessible. As part of its operation, the forum software records your IP
address and for the purposes of session tracking on the forum only, may issue cookies to your browser. Information
that you choose to post about yourself on the forum, including photos, may directly identify you in the public domain.
Why and when we collect information that may indirectly identify you
The Wildcard Innovations Web Site makes some use of data that only
indirectly identifies users.
Data that indirectly identifies users is gathered during interactions
with the Wildcard Innovations Web Site in the following circumstances:
Computer Information
It is necessary that your web browser provides your machine's network
address, so the web server can address its replies back to the correct
machine. In addition, the browser type and operating system information
may be recorded.
Navigation and Click-Stream Data
Browsing any web site generates a trail of pages visited, the amount
of data transferred and the time of access. This information is recorded
against the network address supplied by your web browser.
Electronic Mail
It is a necessary part of electronic mail that a sender and receiver
address is supplied. These are recorded as well as a message identifier,
amount of data and the time. The address you supply as sender is only
a pseudonym and may possibly bear no relation to your real name, so
is not considered as directly identifying you.
Digital photos
Wildcard Innovations web site includes a photo gallery page and a user group forum that
both include content of digital images. When submitting a digital image, the submitter
must own copyright on the image. Note that some images include meta data recorded
by the camera that may include the GPS latitude and longitude corrdinates along with the
date and time of
when the image was taken.
Data Storage, Retention, Use and Disclosure
The data referred to above is generated by the systems you are accessing,
and stored in system logs. These logs are preserved and archived for possible
future use.
The data is used by Wildcard Innovations Web Site software, and by
our support staff, only for
web site and systems administration, including monitoring as a security measure
helping improve our web site, in order to better serve you
evaluation, research and development.
Cookies
A cookie is a very small text file placed onto your computer when you
visit a Web site. A cookie can be 'persistent' (meaning that it is written
to a permanent file on your hard disk) or 'session-only' (in which case
the cookie is deleted at the end of your browsing session).
Cookies are not generally used on the Wildcard Innovations web site.
However, when making an online purchase, we utilize the payment gateway of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia.
The Commonwealth Bank web servers use cookies to maintain the integrity of the transaction session.
Links to other sites
This site contains links to other sites. Wildcard Innovations is not responsible
for the privacy practice or the content of such web sites.
How personal information is stored
We store personal information in a combination of secure computer storage facilities
and paper based files and other records. We have taken a number of steps to protect the personal
information we hold from misuse, loss and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Accountability
Wildcard Innovations staff comply with information privacy principles.
Policies regarding information disclosure to 3rd parties
The data collected will not be disclosed to a third party, either within or outside Australia, except where
it is legally required, such as in the investigation of a criminal offence,
and in compliance with a search warrant or subpoena or where it is required to be transmitted securely to
our Merchant Services provider, which is the Commonwealth Bank of Australia, if you perform an online purchase with us.
Note, however, any information that you author or upload onto the User Group forum is accessible from the public domain.
Accessing your personal information
Following a request, we will provide you with a copy of personal information which we
hold about you in accordance with our obligations under the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs), the Privacy Act 1988 and
the Privacy Amendment (Enhancing Privacy Protection) Act 2012.
We may charge a fee for retrieving this information (we will inform you of the fee before providing the information).
Please note that there are some circumstances set out in the Privacy Act where we may refuse your request.
We will promptly acknowledge and investigate any complaints about the way we manage personal information.
If you wish to correct any of this personal information, contact us. We will not charge a fee for the correction
of any personal information.
Wildcard Innovations Pty. Ltd. 20 Kilmory Place Mount Kuring-Gai NSW 2080 Australia
ABN 56 076 242 450
Phone +61-2-9457-9049
sales@wildcard-innovations.com.au
Argo Navis™, TPAS™ and the Eye Motif are trademarks of Wildcard Innovations Pty. Ltd. All other trademarks belong to their respective owners.
© Copyright 2019 Wildcard Innovations Pty. Ltd.
About Us | Technical Specs |
Mount Hardware | User Manual |
Purchase
Validate page
Validate CSS