https://www.metocean.com/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
It is the policy of MetOcean Telematics to respect your privacy, and the privacy of all visitors to its site. This policy statement has been established to help you understand MetOcean Telematics’ commitment to protecting your privacy, and the steps taken to ensure it.
It is MetOcean Telematics policy to collect only certain personal information, such as names, addresses, telephone/fax numbers, or email addresses, when that information is voluntarily submitted by visitors. This information will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned or otherwise disclosed to anyone outside MetOcean Telematics and its necessary service providers. This information is used only to answer your requests for information, to better understand your needs, or to register you as described in the section above.
Aggregated Information
MetOcean Telematics may use your personal information to generate Aggregated Information that does not allow you to be personally identified or contacted. Aggregated Information shows user activity as a whole rather than on an individual basis and may be used by MetOcean Telematics to provide insight on the usage of the services. For example, MetOcean Telematics might compile personal information in order to determine the percentage of users that live in a particular geographic area.
Tracking Technology (“Cookies”)
MetOcean Telematics may use tracking technology (“cookies”) on its site(s), and by using this site you agree to their use. Cookies are small text files placed on your hard drive when you visit a website, in order to track use of the site and to improve the user experience by storing certain data on your computer. Some websites use cookies to collect data regarding the functionality of the site or to help analyze browsing patterns and use of the site. Your browser can be set to refuse cookies or delete them after they have been stored; this may have adverse effects on how you use the site.
INFORMATION ON THIS WEB SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
Revisions to this Policy
MetOcean Telematics reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Policy at any time. Any changes in the policy will be posted here at this URL, so we encourage you to revisit this section frequently. This policy was last modified in February, 2015.
General
From time to time MetOcean Telematics may provide links to other sites. Links from MetOcean Telematics’ site may take you to sites not covered by this Privacy Policy. These links are provided as a convenience to you and take no responsibility for the protection of your privacy on those other sites. It is encouraged that you check the Privacy Policy of any site you visit.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
Use of the site shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Nova Scotia in effect at the time, without giving effect to its conflict of law provisions. You agree that any legal action or proceeding between you and MetOcean Telematics shall be brought exclusively in the courts of the judicial district of Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Contact
If you have any questions about this policy, please Contact Us.
Newsletter Signup
Enter your email address to stay up to date with the latest news and events from MetOcean Telematics.
Warning!
You are using an outdated browser. Things may not appear as intended. We recommend updating your browser to the latest version.
Close