https://www.sonia-portuguese.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyThe purpose of this Privacy Policy is to help you better understand how we collect, use and process your personal information. By visiting this website, you consent to our collection and use of your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and the regulations established under Personal Data Protection Act (2012), including any updates or revisions to this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and UseWhen accessing our website and using our services, we may ask you to provide us with some personal information that can be used to contact or identify you. Privacy is important to us! Therefore, we do not and will never share your personal information with anyone.  Log DataLike many sites, we collect information that your browser sends to us whenever you visit our website. This may include information such as your IP address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics. CommunicationWe may use your personal information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or and other information such as the release of new materials. If you do not wish to receive our emails, you can unsubscribe at any time. CookiesLike many sites, we use cookies to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our website.SecurityThe security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Links to other SitesThis website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy of such other sites. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. Policy ChangesWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Therefore, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. If and when we make changes to this policy, we will notify you of the changes by posting the revised policy on this website. By continuing to use this website after these changes are posted, you agree to the revised terms.Withdrawing your ConsentThe consent that you provide for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data will remain valid until withdrawn by you in writing. You may withdraw your consent and request us to stop using and/or disclosing your personal data for any or all of the purposes listed above by submitting your request in writing by email.  ContactIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email.
>
error: Alert: Content is protected !!