https://www.securelandcommunications.com/privacy-policy
Segments
Mobile Network Operators
PMR operators
Police
Healthcare and hospitals
Fire and rescue
Energy industry
Transportation
Airports
Crisis management
Products and solutions
Products and solutions
Broadband
Hybrid solutions
Taira for broadband
Tactilon Management
Tactilon Agnet
Hybrid devices
Tactilon Dabat
Hybrid Roaming
Apps and gear
TB4 hybrid base station
Viewcor Evolution
Devices and accessories
Hybrid devices
Tactilon Dabat
TETRA radios
About TETRA radios
Devices
TH9 handheld
TH1n slimline
THR9 Ex ATEX radio
THR9i handheld
THR880i plus handheld
TMR880i mobile radio
Tactilon Dabat
Management tools
Taqto terminal manager
Accessories and data devices
TETRA radio accessories
TW1m modem
Special features
Hybrid Roaming
Night Vision
Lifeguard
Positioning the radio
Personal safety features
Where are you?
Voice feedback
Synergy benefits
Three clever features
TETRA radio accessories
Tetrapol radios
TPH900 handheld
TPM900 mobile radio
Tetrapol radio accessories
TETRA paging
P8GR active TETRA pager
Taqto 2 terminal manager
Applications
Tactilon Agnet
Tactilon Agnet 500
Tactilon Agnet 800
Tactilon Agnet 900
Tactilon Agnet catalogue
OM100 AVL application
3rd party applications
TETRA applications
Hybrid applications
Control Rooms
AR-C comms recorder
RCS 9500 dispatching solution
Viewcor network analyzer
Tactilon Management
TETRA and Tetrapol
Airbus TETRA system
About Airbus TETRA system
Servers and switches
Taira TETRA Server
DXTA TETRA Server
CDD Server
TETRA Connectivity Server
Base stations
TB4 hybrid base station
TB3 TETRA base station
TB3c base station
TB3p mini base station
TB3hp mini base station
Gateways
TETRA Voice Gateway
Mobile Data Gateway
Management Tools
Tactilon Management
Viewcor network analyzer
NetBoss XT
Element Monitor
Airbus Tetrapol System
Airbus Tetrapol network
Tetrapol MBS
Claricor TETRA systems
Deployable TETRA system
Customers
Ecosystem and Partners
Resellers
SmarTWISP
TWISP
How to buy
Contact us
Office locations
Resellers
SLC Store
EN
DE
FR
Secure land communications / Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Personal Data we collect
Purposes of processing
Who will receive it
How long it is stored
Transferring it
Your rights
Privacy policy
Last Modified: September 1, 2020We at Secure Land Communications (Airbus / SLC), a business unit of Airbus, are committed to protecting your privacy.
We process your Personal Data collected during your use of our website according to the legal regulations valid for the countries in which the website is maintained.
In addition, Airbus Binding Corporate Rules (Airbus BCRs) protect customer and partner data throughout the entire organisation. However, the website will include links to other websites or applications which are not necessarily covered by this privacy policy. In this event, we encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies of such websites.
This privacy policy explains what Personal Data we collect from you, why we collect it, how we use and disclose it, how you can control the use and disclosure of your data, and how we protect your Personal Data.By using an Airbus / SLC website, you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Airbus / SLC is committed to protecting the rights of individuals in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (reference EU2016/679) of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data (hereinafter referred as : ‘GDPR’) as well as each applicable national Personal Data protection laws and regulations (collectively referred as “Data Protection Laws and Regulations”).
1. Personal Data we collect
1.1 What is Personal Data?
Personal Data is information that can be used to identify a person either directly or indirectly (hereinafter referred as: ‘Personal Data’. A ‘personal identifier’ is a piece of information that can identify an individual. This definition covers a wide range of personal identifiers to constitute Personal Data, including name, address, email address, identification number, location data or online identifier.
1.2 What Personal Data do we collect?
When you use this website, Airbus / SLC will collect, use and process any Personal Data that you provide (for example your name, email address, company name and address, phone number, ...) and  Navigational Information generated as a result of your using the website, and may combine this with Personal Data that you provide.
1.3 Navigational Information
Navigational Information is information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed. The website gets this Navigational Information from “cookies,” which are small text files that a web server saves on your computer.
If you don’t want to allow us to send you a cookie, you can disable this function from your browser. Please note that some features on our website may not function properly if the cookies are disabled.
• HubSpot cookies
This website uses HubSpot cookies (HubSpot Inc., 25 First Street, 2nd Floor, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA) to collect this type of non-personal data.
For more information, please visit HubSpot's privacy page: http://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy.
• Salesforce cookies
The SLC Store uses Salesforce cookies (Village 9, Floor 26 Salesforce Tower, 110 Bishopsgate, London, UK).
• Google Analytics
Airbus DS SLC website also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA). Google Analytics collects data about how visitors arrive on the website and how they behave once they are there. Based on this data, Google Analytics can show trends and insights related to the website. Google Analytics does not collect personal data nor is such data combined with your Personal Information.
For more information about cookies used by Google Analytics, please visit https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage.
2. What are the purposes of the processing of your Personal Data?
We collect and process your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy, to help us better understand your needs and interests, and provide you with a better service.
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Data to:
send information to you which we think may be of interest to you by email, or other means;
send you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you. In those cases, we do not transfer your unique Personal Data to the third party;
send you invitations to events and surveys that would be relevant to you:
contact you regarding your enquiries or to follow up on your interest. We can contact you in a variety of ways, including email and via your social media accounts if you have agreed, and/or text message;
provide services to you, for technical support or other similar purposes and to establish and maintain customer accounts;
improve our websites, applications, services, and customer experience for research and analytical purposes dedicated to improving our products, services, businesses, operations and processes;
comply with applicable legal obligations, including responding to an authority or court order or discovery request;
investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of policies, terms, and other policies.
We offer a publicly accessible blog on the website. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our blog, this information may be collected and used by others.
3. What is the basis for processing of your Personal Data?
We need a lawful basis for collecting and/or processing your data. We generally rely on a number of grounds (reasons) for our business processing.
We process your Personal Data in accordance with the provisions set out in the GDPR and the relevant applicable Data Protection Laws and Regulations. The legal basis for processing your Personal Data are:
• To comply with contractual obligations
When you subscribe to a particular service through the Website or Applications, the purposes of processing your Personal Data are primarily determined by that service and we will process your information so that we can provide that service to you.
• As a result of your consent
When you have consented to the processing of your Personal Data by us for certain services through the Website or Applications, you can withdraw consent at any time by following the instructions provided in Section 9. “What are your rights and how to exercise them?”
• Within the scope of a legitimate interest
On occasion we may not need your consent to use your data, given our legitimate interest to do so but we must inform you that we do this; examples of this are:
For the analysis and optimisation of the Website and Applications.
For ensuring IT security and the IT operation of Airbus / SLC.
For prevention and investigation of criminal acts.
For the purposes mentioned in Section 2, "What are the purposes of the processing of your Personal Data?"
• On the basis of Airbus’ legal obligations or in the public interest
Airbus / SLC, as any other company, is subject to legal obligations and regulations. In some cases the processing of your Personal Data will be necessary for Airbus in other to fulfil these obligations.
4. Who will receive your Personal Data?
The following parties may receive your Personal Data:
Authorised persons working for or on behalf of Airbus / SLC;
Airbus Group SE and affiliates of Airbus, on a need-to-know basis for the purposes as outlined in this Privacy Policy;
Other authorised third parties in connection with a reorganisation or sale of Airbus / SLC businesses and/or assets;
Our agents (resellers and distributors), service providers and advisers - for example third party service providers and advisers providing the variety of products and services we need such as IT maintenance and support, procurement services, compliance and security services, and so on.
Law enforcement or government authorities where necessary to comply with applicable law.
We have entered into a data processing agreement with HubSpot. For more information, see Hubspot's Data Processing Agreement page:  https://legal.hubspot.com/dpa .
5. Will your Personal Data be transferred to a third country/region outside the European Economic Area (EEA)?
We process your Personal Data mostly in the EEA. On occasion, Personal Data is transferred to Airbus SE or affiliates of Airbus, on a need-to-know basis, including entities outside the EEA. This transfer is subject to appropriate safeguards, and through the legal framework of Airbus Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs) or through alternative contractual frameworks where a third party is engaged to help us providing web services to you.
6. Which countries will Airbus / SLC transfer Personal Data to?
Our Binding Corporate Rules allow us to transfer Personal Data within our international organisation, and they include a list of countries (below) which are structured to allow us to transfer Personal Data to the countries where we have a presence. For Airbus / SLC, Finland, France and Germany are where most of our processing of personal information takes place and below is a list of countries where Airbus operates:
Algeria, Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Czech republic, Denmark, Egypt, Finland, France, French Guyana, Germany, Greece, Hong Kong, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Kazakhstan, Libya, Malaysia, Mexico, Morocco, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Oman, Philippines, Poland, Qatar, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Slovakia, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Taiwan, Tanzania, Thailand, Tunisia, Turkey, United Kingdom, United States of America, Uruguay, United Arab Emirates, Vietnam.
Furthermore, alternative contractual frameworks allows us to transfer Personal Data to our service provider in the United States of America.
7. For how long will your Personal Data be stored?
We process and store your Personal Data as long as it is required to meet our contractual and statutory obligations. If your Personal Data is no longer required for the performance of the contractual or statutory obligations, these will be erased on a regular basis unless further processing is necessary, for instance, for preserving particular evidence under the applicable Data Protection Laws and Regulations, or in the context of legal statutes of limitation.
8. Security
We use technical and organisational security measures in order to protect the data we have under our control against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction and against access by unauthorised persons.
Our security procedures are continually enhanced as new technology becomes available.
9. What are your rights and how to exercise them?
You may at any time exercise your data protection rights:
Right to access/obtain a report detailing the information held about you: You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not your Personal Data is being processed by Airbus / SLC and if so, what specific data is being processed.
Right to correct Personal Data: You have the right to change any inaccurate Personal Data concerning you.
Right to be forgotten: In some cases, for instance, when the Personal Data is no longer necessary in relation to the Purposes for which they were collected, you have the right for your Personal Data to be erased.
Right to stop the processing of your data: You have the right to restrict the processing of your Personal Data by Airbus / SLC, for instance when the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your Personal Data. In such cases, your Personal Data will only be processed with your consent or for the exercise or defense of legal claims.
Right to data portability: Under some circumstances provided by law, you have the right to receive the Personal Data concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or transmit those Personal Data to another data controller.
Right to object and to withdraw consent: You may at any time object to the processing of your Personal Data or where your consent is required. However, please note that if you withdraw your consent, you may not be able to access and use certain information, features or services of the Website and Applications.
To this effect, please contact Airbus in writing either by e-mail at the following address: marketing@securelandcommunications.com or by writing to the address below, enclosing a copy of a document evidencing your identity.
Airbus Defence and Space Oy, Hiomotie 32, 00380 Helsinki, Finland, Attention: Privacy.
10. Am I obliged to provide my Personal Data?
You may at any time object to the processing of your Personal Data or where your consent is required, withdraw such consent by contacting us at marketing@securelandcommunications.com; However, please note that if you withdraw your consent, you may not be able to access and use certain information, features or services of the Website.
11. To what extent will decision-making be automated?
As a matter of principle, we do not use fully automated decision-making processes. In the event that we should use such processes in individual cases, we will if prescribed by law, specifically inform you of this and of your rights in this respect.
12. Will profiling take place?
As a matter of principle, your Personal Data will not be processed automatically with the objective of evaluating certain personal aspects (profiling). In the event that we should process your Personal Data with the objective of conducting profiling, we will, if prescribed by law, specifically inform you of this and of your rights in this respect.
13. Opting out and unsubscribing
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of our e-mails, or by emailing us at marketing@securelandcommunications.com, or by sending us postal mail to Airbus Defence and Space Oy, Hiomotie 32, 00380 Helsinki, Finland, Attention: Privacy.
14. Changes to this privacy policy / Policy amendments
We will occasionally update this privacy policy. When we do, we will also revise the "last modified" date at the top of the privacy policy. We will also inform you of any substantial modification in how we process your Personal Data.
15. Enforcement of this privacy policy and contact information
Airbus / SLC welcomes your comments regarding our privacy policy.
If you are unhappy with the way in which your Personal Data has been processed or should you have questions regarding the processing of your Personal Data, you can contact us by email: marketing@securelandcommunications.com, or at our postal address: Airbus Defence and Space Oy, Hiomotie 32, 00380 Helsinki, Finland, Attention: Privacy.
About us
Office locations
Events
Heritage
Sustainability
Privacy policy
Contact us
Careers
Open positions
Trainee programme in Finland
Resources
Blog
Document library
Key Touch magazine
Press releases
SLC Store
SLC Partner portal
Follow us