http://www.actionhazmat.com/terms-conditions.php
Terms and conditions
Privacy Policy
By visiting the 3000 group inc website (actionhazmat.com), you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and to our Terms and Conditions.Information that is collected about you may include but is not limited to your name, company name, address, phone number, email address, fax number, cookies, IP logs etc. We may also collect information about your use of the Website, such as the date and time of your visits, the pages you have accessed, the documents you have retrieved, the type of browser used at the time of your visit and all personal correspondences with us (primarily emails). We take all reasonable steps to protect this information from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
3000 group inc is committed to ensuring that the collection and processing of your data, carried out from the site actionhazmat.com, complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Each form or teleservice limits the collection of personal data to what is strictly necessary (minimization of data) and specifies:
what are the objectives of the data collection,
if this data is mandatory or optional for the management of your request,
who will have access to it (only 3000 group inc unless specified in the form when transmission to a third party is necessary to manage your request),
The personal data collected as part of the services offered on actionhazmat.com are processed according to secure protocols and enable 3000 group inc to handle requests received in its computer applications.
For any information or to exercise your rights concerning the processing of personal data managed by 3000 group inc, you can contact 3000 group inc and if appropriate its Data Protection Officer (DPO), if distinguished.
Set cookies options.
Links
Our Website may contain links or references to other websites outside of our control. Please be aware that our Privacy Policy does not apply to these sites.
Copyright
The entire content of this website (actionhazmat.com) is copyrighted under USA copyright law. You may print and download portions of material from the different areas of the Web Site solely for your own use. Any other copying, redistribution, retransmission or publication of any downloaded material, is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of the site owner.
Home
Action Hazmat Trucking
About Us
Transfer Station
Transportation and Disposal
Lab Pack Services
Chemical Clean up and Disposal
Contaminated Soil Disposal
Guzzler Services
Permits and Forms
Client Portal Login
Container Closure Instructions
Action Remediation
About us
Residential Tank Services
Commercial Tank Services
Industrial Cleaning
Emergency Response
Septic/Drywell Cleaning
Tank Pumping and Cleaning
Tank Abandonment/Removal
Oil Tank Removal
Contaminated Soil Removal
Confined Space Entry Services
Drywell Closure & Clean up
Fiber Control Inc
About Us
Controlled Demolition
Lead
Asbestos
Univent Cleaning
Industrial Cleaning
Contact us
Terms and conditions
Site map
Phone : 516-781-3000
Contact us
Locate us
Follow us :