http://www.rses.org/rsesprivacypolicy.aspx
The HVACR Training Authority™
Join Today
Home
News & Events
Society News
Events Calendar
Social Media
Helpful Links
Membership
Five Reasons to Join
Types of Membership
Member Benefits
RSES Corporate Members
Locate Chapters/Associations
RSES Career Center
Members Only Technical Content
Member-Get-A-Member Campaign
Training
Webinars
eLearning
Hydrocarbons
NATE
NATE Exam Preparation
NATE Recertification
SAM
R/AC
Electricity
Controls
Heating
Heat Pump
Safety
HVACR Apprenticeship
Technical Institute/CM Prep
R-410A
RSES Certified Trainers
Education Resources
Become an RCT
Title 24
Testing
NATE
EPA Certifications
Section 608 Certification
EPA 608 Exam Results
EPA 608 Certified Individuals
Section 609 Certification
Active Specialized Member
Certificate Member
Certificate Member Specialist
R-410A Certification
Proctor Information
Applications for New Proctors
Examination Order Forms
Replacement Certification Card
CM/SM/CMS Continuing Education Requirements
Conference
Schedule at a Glance
2019 Educational Sessions
Store
Journal
About RSES Journal
Content
RSES Journal Monthly Sponsors
Subscribe
MSAC
MSAC Hotline
MSAC Members
Applying to the MSAC
Ask the MSAC a Question
Troubleshooting
Media Kit/Advertise
RSES Journal Archives
Columnists
Chapter Programs
Contact RSES Journal Staff
Training Corner
About
Board of Directors
Committees
RSES Auxiliary
Locate Chapters/Associations
Society Bylaws
RSES Educational Foundation
Board and Committees
Foundation Donations
FAQs
RSES Photo Gallery
Forms & Manuals
Request
Contact
RSES Headquarters Contacts
Home
Print Page
Email a friend
Home
News & Events
Membership
Training
Testing
Conference
Store
Journal
About
Request
Contact
RSES Member
RSES Privacy Policy
Who We Are
(Effective March 10, 2005) This is the Refrigeration Service Engineers Society (RSES) Internet Privacy Policy. You can write to us at 1911 Rohlwing Road, Suite A, Rolling Meadows, Illinois, 60008-1397, USA. We can be reached by e-mail at general@rses.org, or you can call us at 800/297-5660.
RSES values individual privacy and we want to give our website visitors the opportunity to know what information we collect about them and how they can limit the use of personally identifiable information beyond the purposes for which they first provided it. At all times, however, RSES reserves the right to disclose information where required by law or to comply with valid legal process (such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order), to protect RSES’s rights or property, including without limitation in the event of a transfer of control of RSES or substantially all of its assets, or during emergencies when safety is at risk.
Whenever we change our policy, we will give reasonable notice by posting a notice on our home page. Since these policy change notices last only for a limited time, however, you should check this Privacy Policy regularly to see if there have been any changes.
Data We Collect and How We Use It
Personally Identifiable Information
We collect your e-mail address if you communicate with us by e-mail, as well as other information that you might supply to RSES voluntarily, such as survey information.
If you purchase a product or service through our site, we will also ask for your credit card number or other account number you wish to be charged. We do not give out your credit card or other account information to third parties unless you authorize us to do so or if it is necessary to fulfill our responsibilities, including, but not limited to, delivering a product or service you order.
We may use this information to respond to an e-mail or other inquiry or request, to help improve our website and our services, to customize your experience at our website, or to send updates or notices about our organization and the products we offer that we think may be of interest to you. We may also combine this information with other generally or publicly available information to help us identify visitors’ preferences or interests.  We may provide information that identifies you to companies that assist us in these activities, such as helping us fulfill your request for a product, service or information.
RSES collects information from its members (including names, addresses, business phone numbers, business fax numbers, and e-mail addresses) for conducting routine RSES business, including (but not limited to) notification of products and services that RSES offers. Further, with the members’ express approval, RSES may occasionally provide limited data to third parties, including companies that offer products and services for sale to RSES’s members. This limited data includes names, job titles, companies/organizations, and business addresses, but do not include business phone numbers, business fax numbers, or e-mail addresses.
Children’s Privacy
RSES’s website is intended for adults. RSES does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If RSES obtains knowledge that it has personally identifiable information about a child under 13 in retrievable form in its files, RSES will delete that information from our existing files.
Cookies & Computer-Related Information
RSES does enable “cookies” on our website, for several reasons. A cookie is used in website system administration to keep track of movement of an individual user from one screen to another. This information may be used by our staff to detect and resolve website problems and to assist with customer support. We do not collect any personally identifiable information about site visitors in this process.
In addition, to provide the user-specific “members-only” features of our website, cookies are enabled upon logging in to display information specific to the member’s local chapter and regional and/or state association activities. For members elected or appointed to serve office in these related organizational capacities, cookies also provide the means to assign content management rights and permissions.
Our web server automatically collects information from your computer and navigation patterns when you visit our site, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the computer’s operating system, the type of browser you use, and the specific web pages visited during your connection. We may also track data such as the total number of visits to our website and the number of visitors to each page of our website.
We may use this information, in aggregate form, for system maintenance and to better understand how our visitors use our site and services so that we can make them better. RSES may also share statistical or demographic information in aggregate form with third parties for marketing or research purposes. This aggregate data will not contain any information that personally identifies you.
How You Can Control and Update Data About You
We want to be sure that we keep only the most accurate and up-to-date information about you in our records. Therefore, whenever you believe that your contact information needs to be updated, you can e-mail us at membership@rses.org to correct or update your contact information.
You may choose at any time to remove your name, telephone and fax numbers, and postal and e-mail addresses from the lists we use to send notices or updates and elect not to receive correspondence from us by e-mailing at membership@rses.org.
Users may request that RSES refrain from disclosing to third parties the data it collects on its membership application form or any other form on which users are providing information by checking the “opt-out” box that appears on each form on which a user provides information. Alternatively, users may contact RSES at membership@rses.org.
Other Internet sites you visit — including those linked from the RSES website — may have their own privacy policies or no policy at all. Other websites might use personal information differently than our policy permits. We strongly encourage you to review the privacy policies of any site before providing any personal information.
Data Integrity and Security
We use state-of-the-art technology to keep any information you provide as secure as possible. We also have in place privacy protection control contractual obligations with our vendors designed to ensure that personal data is protected from unauthorized access or disclosure. All RSES employees must abide by RSES’s Privacy Policy. Only authorized employees are permitted to have access to personally-identifiable data about website visitors, and that access is limited to what is reasonably needed to perform an employee’s responsibilities, such as providing updates or notices or customer service. Employees who violate our privacy policies are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
Username:
Password:
Remember Me
Forget Your Password?
Search Entire Site
1911 Rohlwing Road, Suite A
Rolling Meadows, IL 60008-1397
Call Toll Free: 800/297.5660
P. 847/297.6464
F: 847/297.5038
Site Map
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions
|
Contact Us
|
RSS
RSES is the leading education, training and certification preparation organization for HVACR professionals. RSES publishes various comprehensive industry training and reference materials in addition to delivering superior educational programs designed to benefit HVACR professionals at every stage of their careers through instructor-led training courses, online training for HVAC, educational seminars, interactive CD and DVD products, industry-related reference manuals, and helpful technical content through Service Application Manual chapters, the RSES Journal, the RSES Journal archives and feature articles, as well as web-exclusive features.
Beginning with basic theory and extending to complex troubleshooting, training courses covering refrigeration and air conditioning, heating, electricity, controls, heat pumps and safety may be conducted in a classroom environment or though self study. RSES publications may be purchased by schools, contractors, manufacturers or any other industry group wanting to conduct comprehensive training programs. Seminars covering air conditioning troubleshooting, electrical troubleshooting, compressor training, condenser training, refrigerant piping practices, DDC controls, and more are held in various cities across North America.
Select training programs offer Continuing Education Units (CEUs) and NATE Continuing Education Hours (CEHs).
In addition, RSES offers industry certification preparation materials for refrigerant handling (EPA Section 608), R-410A and North American Technician Excellence (NATE) examinations.
RSES’ monthly magazine, RSES Journal, serves HVAC contractors, service technicians, students, operations/maintenance managers, engineers and technicians who work in the residential, light commercial, commercial and institutional markets on air conditioning, warm-air heating, refrigeration, ventilation, electrical, ice machines, chillers, hydronic heating, piping, refrigeration control and energy management, building automation, indoor air quality and duct cleaning, and sheet metal fabrication equipment and/or systems.
©2011 RSES. All Rights Reserved.