http://www.rmtowill.com/privacy-policy
Civil Engineering
Water & Wastewater Engineering
Surveying & Mapping
Planning & Permitting
Construction Management
Senior Management
Staff Statistics
Company History
Clients
Community Involvement
Employment Opportunities
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank
you for visiting the R.M. Towill Corporation website and reviewing our
web privacy and security policy and our statistical standards.
Web Privacy Policy: Our policy is simple: We collect
no personal information about you unless you choose to provide that
information to us. We do not give, share, sell, or transfer any personal
information to a third party.
Links to Other Sites:NCES provides navigation links
to many other websites. Users should be aware that when you leave the
NCES website you will be going to sites that are beyond our control
and standards. You will always receive a notice when you are about to
leave our site. Websites external to NCES have their own privacy policies,
and may collect data or solicit personal information. The privacy and
security policies and procedures described here for NCES do not apply
to any external links. We suggest contacting these sites directly for
information on their privacy and security policies. Always be aware
of where you end up.
Non-personal Information We Record:If you do nothing
during your visit but browse through the website, read pages, or download
information, our website’s operating system will automatically record
some general information about your visit.
During your visit, our web operating system will record:
The
type of browser (such as “Netscape version X” or “Internet
Explorer version X”) that you are using.
The
type of operating system that you use (such as Macintosh, Unix, or
Windows).
The
date and time you visit our site, and the web pages that you visit
on our site.
We
use this information for statistical analysis, to help us make our site
more useful to visitors. This tracking system does not record information
about individuals.
Cookies:What
are cookies? A cookie is a small piece of information that
is sent to your browser when you access a website. The use of cookies
is an industry standard. You will find cookies at most major websites.
There are two kinds of cookies. A session cookie is a line of text that
is stored temporarily in your computer’s RAM. Because a session cookie
is never written to a drive, it is destroyed as soon as you close your
browser. A persistent cookie is a more permanent line of text that gets
saved by your browser to a file on your hard drive. Depending on your
browser settings, you may receive notification that a given site is
requesting cookie information, possibly with an expiration date. Persistent
cookies have an expiration date in the future. Session cookies have
no date associated with them.
On
those pages where R.M. Towill Corporation uses “cookies” to
facilitate your use of our site, we do not collect personal information
about you and the cookie will be destroyed as soon as you exit your
browser. There is no information stored on your computer and no unauthorized
files are written onto your disk drives. The kind of cookies we use
are called “session cookies” and they help you use our website
interactively. A session cookie is destroyed as soon as you close your
browser
These
“session cookies” do not collect information about you, but
only about your browser “session.” The cookie makes it easier
for you to use the dynamic features of these web pages, without having
to provide the same information again as you move from one page to another.
You will find the use of these “session cookies” on several
of our data access tools.
To
protect your privacy, be sure to close your browser completely after
you have finished conducting business with any website that uses cookies.
If you are concerned about the potential use of information gathered
from your computer by cookies, you can set your browser to prompt you
before it accepts a cookie. Most Internet browsers have settings that
let you identify and/or reject cookies.
Information
from e-mail you send to us:If you decide to send us an electronic
mail message (e-mail), the message will usually contain your return
e-mail address. If you include personally-identifying information in
your e-mail because you want us to address issues specific to your situation,
we may use that information in responding to your request, but it will
be destroyed following completion of our return correspondence. Also,
e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. Please send only
information necessary to help us process your request.
Voluntary
Submission of Information:On some of our web pages we offer
interactive forms that let you voluntarily submit personal information
(such as e-mail, name, and organization). For example, this occurs when
you are registering for various conferences, workshops or training sessions
offered by R.M. Towill Corporation, or when you are signing up for our
“In Motion” subscription service. In those cases, all submitted
information is used only for the expressed purposes for which it is
intended and is not made available to any third party.Web
Security
Policy: For
security purposes and to make sure our website remains available to
all users, we use special software programs for monitoring network traffic
to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or
otherwise to cause damage to this government computer system. These
programs collect no information that would directly identify individuals,
but they do collect information that could help us identify someone
attempting to tamper with this website. If you use our website, you
should understand that all activities may be monitored and recorded.
Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring. WARNING
— If such monitoring reveals possible evidence of criminal activity,
monitoring records may be provided to law enforcement officials. Except
for authorized law enforcement investigations, we make no other attempts
to identify individual users or their usage habits. We only use raw
monitoring data logs for determining trends in usage patterns and in
diagnosing system problems.
OUR SERVICES
Civil Engineering
Water & Wastewater Engineering
Surveying & Mapping
Planning & Permitting
Construction Management
OUR PEOPLE
Senior Management
Staff Statistics
OUR FIRM
Company History
Clients
Community Involvement
Employment Opportunities
NEWS
CONTACT
RMTC Offices
Order Historical Photos
Copyright © 2010 R.M. Towill Corporation. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy l Terms of Use
Powered by RevaComm.