http://www.codaoctopus.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY
Coda Octopus Products Limited (“we”, “our”, “us”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy when you use our services or website.
This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to in it), explains how and why we collect your information, what we do with it and what controls you have over our use of it.
From time to time, we add or change functions, features or products to our website or add or change Services.  This, and our commitment to protecting the privacy of your personal information, may result in periodic changes to this Privacy Policy.  As a result, please remember to refer back to this Privacy Policy regularly to review any amendments. We will also endeavour to e-mail you an updated copy if you have ‘opted in’ to receipt of e-mail communications from us.
Coda Octopus Products Limited is the Data Controller in relation to the personal information you provide. We can be contacted on the address given at the end of this policy.
Your privacy is of the greatest importance to us and we will never release your personal information to anyone outside of Coda Octopus for mailing or marketing purposes.
By using our site or any of our services accessed through it, you agree to the content of this Privacy Policy
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children via this website.
Before you proceed with navigating around our website, if you have any queries relating to this Privacy policy, or do not understand it, please contact us by email at privacy@codaoctopus.com
or call +44 (0)131 553 1380 between 8.30am – 4.30pm (GMT) Monday to Friday and ask for Legal Department.
YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES
It is important that the personal data that we hold about you is accurate and up to date.  Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT AND WHY DO WE USE IT?
We collect and process information about you in order to provide the products, services or information that you have requested, wish to buy or use.
You may be asked, either when you register with us, or at other times, for information about yourself such as your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number and details of your bank account, profile data covering your purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preference, feedback and responses to customer surveys, results of product trials and the like; marketing and communications data including your preference in receiving marketing materials from us.
We may share your information with any member of the Coda Octopus Group which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries based in the UK, the US, Australia and Denmark.  We may also share your information with IT and system administration service providers in the UK and the US and professional advisors including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the UK, the US, Denmark and Australia.
We may also disclose your personal information to regulatory authorities to comply with a law or legal request, to address security, fraud or technical matters or to protect our and your rights or interests.
We will not allow any third party outside the Coda Octopus Group to use your personal information for any other purpose than ours.
LOG FILES / I.P. ADDRESSES
When you visit our website, we automatically log your IP address (the unique address that identifies your computer on the internet) which is automatically recognised by our web server.  We may use IP addresses to help us administer our website and to collect broad demographic information for aggregate use.  We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information.
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browser you use or the site from which you linked to our website.  You cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on our website.
COOKIES
To make full use of the features on our website your computer, tablet or mobile phone needs to accept Cookies, as we can only provide you with certain personalised features of our website by using Cookies.
We use cookies for the following reasons:
To identify who you are and to access your account information;
To estimate our audience size and patterns;
To ensure that you are not asked to register twice;
To track navigation around our website in order to improve its usability.
Cookies are small text files containing information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored on your computer, tablet or mobile phone when you visit certain web pages. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
“Session cookies” keep track of you while you navigate our website and will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser.  “Persistent cookies” enable our website to recognise you when you visit, and they remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date. We use both “session” and “persistent” cookies on our website. Find out more about cookies here: https://www.aboutcookies.org/
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website.  Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers.  The information generated is used to create reports about the use of our website. Find out more here: http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Cookies do not store sensitive information (for example; your name, address or payment details); they simply hold the ‘key’ which, once you have logged in to a website, is associated with this information.
However, if you prefer to restrict, block or delete Cookies from our website, or any other website, you can use your browser to do this. Each browser is different, so check the ‘Help’ menu of your particular browser (or your mobile phone’s manual) to learn how to change your Cookie preferences. Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third parties cookies.  Blocking all cookies can have a negative impact on the usability of many websites, including our website.
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
When you visit www.codaoctopus.com you may encounter some Cookies that are not related to our website or company. If you go on to a web page that contains embedded content, for example from YouTube, you may be sent Cookies from these websites. If you ‘share’ our website content with friends through social networks – such as Facebook and Twitter – you may be sent Cookies from these websites. As we have no control over these Cookies, we recommend you check the third-party websites for more information about their Cookies and how to manage them.
To learn more about the Cookies on your device set by other companies, and opt out of them if you wish, please see the Network Advertising Initiative website. Find out more here: www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Here is a list of the main Cookies used at our website www.codaoctopus.com and what they are used for:
Name of Cookie
Purpose of Cookie
More Information
Google Analytics
Collects information about how visitors use our site in an anonymous form, including number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site
Google Analytics Privacy Policy.
You can choose to opt out of Google Analytics
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Facebook Cookies
Features for sharing via Facebook
Facebook Privacy Policy:
https://en-gb.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
YouTube Cookies
Features for sharing videos via YouTube, and remembering what videos you've seen
Google Privacy policy (Youtube is a subsidiary of Google):
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
https://www.youtube.com/static?template=privacy_guidelines&gl=GB
Twitter Cookies
Features for sharing via Twitter
Twitter Privacy Policy:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
LinkedIn Cookies
Features for sharing via LinkedIn
Linked In Privacy Policy:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
WITH WHOM IS THE INFORMATION SHARED?
Coda Octopus Products Limited will not share, sell or licence your personal information to third parties outside of Coda Octopus, other than in the case of sale of the company.  However, we may disclose your personal information (1) to third party suppliers who provide services on our behalf and (2) if you have opted in and/or given consent for this.
INFORMATION ABOUT PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
It is very important to us that we provide you with the highest level of service.  In order to help us do this, from time to time we may send you details of our products and services that we think may be of interest to you.  You may have previously ‘opted in’ to receiving information from us. If at any time you do not wish to receive further details or communication from us, please e-mail us at privacy@codaoctopus.com or click on the unsubscribe link in any of our emails.
DATA SECURITY
We place a great importance on the security of all information associated with our customers. However, you should be aware that transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and even though we will endeavour to protect your personal data we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site and therefore any such transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information we will use strict procedures and security measures to prevent unauthorised access.
We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of customer data under our control.  For example, only authorised personnel and/or third party service providers have access to user information that is protected by strong passwords together with up-to-data firewalls and anti-virus software. While we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we use our best efforts to prevent this.
WHERE IS ANY INFORMATION STORED?
Information that we collect is primarily stored on computers and servers located in the UK.  Information submitted by you may be transferred by us to our other offices and affiliated companies in the Coda Octopus Group primarily based in the US.  The staff at these locations may be engaged in delivering your order, processing of payment details and providing support.  We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is protected by requiring all our group companies follow the same rules for processing your personal data as we do.
Occasionally your data can be transferred to reputable third-party suppliers, which may be situated outside the European Economic Area (EEA).  We may to ensure that your personal data is given similar protection as within the EEA use the template contract clauses approved by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
COMMENTS / SUBJECT ACCESS REQUESTS
We try to be as open as we can be in terms of giving people access to their personal information. Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by making a ‘subject access request’ under the EU General Data Protection Regulation. Such requests should be emailed to privacy@codaoctopus.com. If we do hold information about you we will:
Give you a description of it;
Tell you why we are holding it;
Tell you who it could be disclosed to; and
Let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.
We will endeavour to answer your request within 30 days of receiving it.
Please e-mail or write any questions, concerns or comments you have about our Privacy Policy to:
E-Mail:               privacy@codaoctopus.com
Address:            Coda Octopus Products Ltd
Legal Department
38 South Gyle Crescent
Edinburgh
EH12 9EB
United Kingdom
COMPLAINTS
We are committed to ensuring that your personal data is processed lawfully, fairly and securely. If you have any questions or concerns about the way in which we process your data please contact us at the address above and we will attempt to resolve any issues you have. If you remain unsatisfied you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office at:
Wycliffe House Water Lane Wilmslow Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Tel: +44 (0)303 123 1113
www.ico.org.uk
Subscribe to our mailing list