http://www.dfo-mpo.gc.ca/terms-conditions-avis-eng.htm
Skip to main content
Skip to "About this site"
Skip to secondary menu
Terms and Conditions
On this page
Privacy notice for Government of Canada institutions
Your privacy and the Internet
Communicating with the Government of Canada
Third-party social media
Improving your experience on Government of Canada websites
Web analytics
Protecting the security of Government of Canada websites
Ownership and usage of content provided on this site
Our commitment to accessibility
Interacting with us on social media
Privacy notice for Government of Canada institutions
The Government of Canada and Fisheries and Oceans Canada are committed to providing websites that respect the privacy of visitors. This privacy notice summarizes the privacy practices for Fisheries and Oceans Canada's online activities.
All personal information collected by this institution is governed by the Privacy Act. This means that you will be informed of the purpose for which your personal information is being collected and how to exercise your right of access to that information.
Your privacy and the Internet
The nature of the Internet is such that web servers automatically collect certain information about a visit to a website, including the visitor’s Internet Protocol (IP) address. IP addresses are unique numbers assigned by Internet Service Providers (ISP) to all devices used to access the Internet. Web servers automatically log the IP addresses of visitors to their sites. The IP address, on its own, does not identify an individual. However, in certain circumstances, such as with the co-operation of an ISP for example, it could be used to identify an individual using the site. For this reason, the Government of Canada considers the IP address to be personal information, particularly when combined with other data automatically collected when visitor requests a web page such as the page or pages visited, date and time of the visit.
Unless otherwise noted, Fisheries and Oceans Canada does not automatically gather any specific information from you, such as your name, telephone number or email address. Fisheries and Oceans Canada would obtain this type of information only if you supply it to us, for example, by email or by filling in a contact form. In such cases, how your personal information is handled will be provided in a Personal Information Collection Statement.
In cases where services are provided by organizations outside of the Government of Canada, such as social media platforms or mobile applications, IP addresses may be recorded by the web server of the third-party service provider.
Communicating with the Government of Canada
If you choose to send Fisheries and Oceans Canada an email or complete a feedback form online, your personal information is used by Fisheries and Oceans Canada in order to respond to your inquiry. The information you provide will only be shared with another government institution if your inquiry relates to that institution. Fisheries and Oceans Canada does not use the information to create individual profiles nor does it disclose the information to anyone other than to those in the federal government who need to provide you with a response. Any disclosure of your personal information is in accordance with the Privacy Act.
Emails and other electronic methods used to communicate with the Government of Canada are not secure unless it is specifically stated on a web page. Therefore, it is recommended that you do not send sensitive personal information, such as your Social Insurance Number or your date of birth, through non-secure electronic means.
Personal information from emails or completed feedback forms is collected pursuant to section 4 of the Department of Fisheries and Oceans Act. Such information may be used for statistical, evaluation and reporting purposes and is included in Standard Personal Information Bank Public Communications (PSU 914).
Third-party social media
Fisheries and Oceans Canada’s use of social media serves as an extension of its presence on the web. Social media account(s) are public and are not hosted on Government of Canada servers. Users who choose to interact with us via social media should read the terms of service and privacy policies of these third-party service providers and those of any applications you use to access them. Fisheries and Oceans Canada uses Twitter and YouTube.
Personal information that you provide to the Government of Canada via social media account(s) is collected under the authority of section 4 of the Department of Fisheries and Oceans Act. This information is collected to capture conversations (e.g. questions and answers, comments, “likes”, retweets) between you and Fisheries and Oceans Canada. It may be used to respond to inquiries, or for statistical, evaluation and reporting purposes. Comments posted that violate Canadian law will be deleted and disclosed to law enforcement authorities. Comments that violate our rules of engagement will also be deleted. The personal information is included in Standard Personal Information Bank Outreach Activities (PSU 938).
Improving your experience on Government of Canada websites
Digital markers (including cookies)
A digital marker is a resource created by the visitors’ browser in order to remember certain pieces of information for the web server to reference during the same or subsequent visit to the website. Examples of digital markers are “cookies” or HTML5 web storage. Digital markers:
allow a website to recognize a previous visit each time the visitor accesses the site
track what information is viewed on a site which helps website administrators ensure visitors find what they are looking for
Fisheries and Oceans Canada uses sessional and persistent digital markers on some portions of its website. During your on-line visit, your browser exchanges data with Fisheries and Oceans Canada’s web server. The digital markers used do not allow Fisheries and Oceans Canada to identify individuals.
You may adjust your browser settings to reject digital markers, including cookies, if you so choose. However, it may affect your ability to interact with Fisheries and Oceans Canada’s website.
Web analytics
Web analytics is the collection, analysis, measurement, and reporting of data about web traffic and visits for purposes of understanding and optimizing web usage. Information in digital markers may be used for the purpose of web analytics to remember your online interactions with Fisheries and Oceans Canada’s website.
Fisheries and Oceans Canada uses Google Analytics to improve its website. When your computer requests a Fisheries and Oceans Canada web page, our institution collects the following types of information for web analytics:
the page(s) visited
the type of browser used
the originating IP address
the date and time of the request
Fisheries and Oceans Canada uses Google Analytics and the information collected is disclosed to Google Inc., an external third party service provider. Your IP address is anonymized prior to being stored on the service provider's servers in order to help safeguard your privacy. The information collected is de-personalized by removing the last octet of the IP address before it is stored by the third-party service provider.
Data collected for web analytics purposes goes outside of Canada to the United States of America and may be subject to the governing legislation of that country, specifically the USA Patriot Act.
Information used for the purpose of web analytics is collected pursuant to section 4 of the Department of Fisheries and Oceans Act. Such data may be used for communications and information technology statistical purposes, audit, evaluation, research, planning and reporting. For more information on how your privacy is safeguarded in relation to web analytics, see the Standard on Privacy and web Analytics.
Protecting the security of Government of Canada websites
Fisheries and Oceans Canada employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. This software receives and records the IP address of the computer that has contacted our website, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected.
This information is collected pursuant to section 161 of the Financial Administration Act. The information may be shared with appropriate law enforcement authorities if suspected criminal activities are detected. Such information may be used for network security related statistical purposes, audit, evaluation, research, planning and reporting and is included in Standard Personal Information Bank Security Incidents (PSU 939).
Inquiring about these practices
Any questions, comments, concerns or complaints you may have regarding the administration of the Privacy Act and privacy policies regarding Fisheries and Oceans Canada’s web presence may be directed to our Access to Information and Privacy Secretariat:
Access to Information and Privacy Secretariat
200 Kent Street
Ottawa ON K1A 0E6
Canada
Email:
atip-laiprp@dfo-mpo.gc.ca
Phone: 613-993-3115
If you are not satisfied with Fisheries and Oceans Canada’s response to your privacy concern, you may wish to contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner by telephone at 1-800-282-1376.
Using files located on non-Government of Canada servers
To improve the functionality of our websites certain files (such as open source libraries, images, and scripts) may be delivered automatically to your browser via a trusted third-party server or content delivery network. The delivery of these files is intended to provide a seamless user experience by speeding response times and avoiding the need for each visitor to download these files. Where applicable, specific privacy statements covering these files are included in our Privacy Notice.
Providing content in our official languages
The Official Languages Act, the Official Languages (Communications with and Services to the Public) Regulations and Treasury Board policy requirements establish when Fisheries and Oceans Canada uses both English and French to provide services to or communicate with members of the public. When there is no obligation to provide these in both official languages, content may be available in one official language only. Information provided by entities not subject to the Official Languages Act is in the language(s) provided. Information provided in a language other than English or French is only for the convenience of our website visitors.
Linking to non-Government of Canada websites
Links to websites not under the control of the Government of Canada, including those to our social media accounts, are provided solely for the convenience of our website visitors. We are not responsible for the accuracy, currency or reliability of the content of such websites. The Government of Canada does not offer any guarantee in that regard and is not responsible for the information found through these links, nor does it endorse the sites and their content.
Visitors should also be aware that information offered by non-Government of Canada sites to which this website links is not subject to the Privacy Act or the Official Languages Act and may not be accessible to persons with disabilities. The information offered may be available only in the language(s) used by the sites in question. With respect to privacy, visitors should research the privacy policies of these non-government websites before providing personal information.
Ownership and usage of content provided on this site
Materials on this website were produced and/or compiled by Fisheries and Oceans Canada for the purpose of providing Canadians with access to information about the programs and services offered by the Government of Canada. You may use and reproduce the materials as follows.
Non-commercial reproduction
Information on this website has been published with the intent that it be readily available for personal or public non-commercial use. Unless otherwise specified, users may reproduce all published information in whole or in part, and in any format, without charge or further permission.
Users are required to:
exercise due diligence in ensuring the accuracy of the materials reproduced
indicate both the complete title of the materials reproduced, as well as the author (where available)
indicate that the reproduction is a copy of the version available at [URL where original document is available]
If you wish to reproduce Canadian Hydrographic Service navigational charts, publications, data or other hydrographic products, please contact CHS directly for further information.
Commercial reproduction
Unless otherwise specified, you may not reproduce materials on this site, in whole or in part, for the purposes of commercial redistribution without prior written permission from Fisheries and Oceans Canada’s copyright administrator.
Some of the content on this site may be subject to the copyright of another party. Where information has been produced or copyright is not held by Government of Canada, the materials are protected under the Copyright Act, and international agreements.
In the case of Canadian Hydrographic Service navigational charts, publications, data or other hydrographic products, please contact CHSInfo@dfo-mpo.gc.ca.
For more information, see Crown Copyright or Frequently Asked Questions.
To obtain permission to reproduce Fisheries and Oceans Canada materials on this site for commercial purposes please complete this form.
To obtain additional information concerning copyright ownership and restrictions, please contact:
Fisheries and Oceans Canada
Communications Branch
200 Kent Street
13th Floor, Station 13E225
Ottawa ON K1A 0E6
Canada
Telephone: 613-993-0999
Facsimile: 613-990-1866
Email: DFO-Copyright.XNCR@dfo-mpo.gc.ca
Trademark notice
The official symbols of the Government of Canada, including the Canada Wordmark, the Arms of Canada, and the flag symbol may not be reproduced, whether for commercial or non-commercial purposes, without prior written authorization.
information@fip-pcim.gc.ca
Federal Identity Program
Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat
300 Laurier Avenue West
Ottawa ON, K1A 0R5
Canada
Our commitment to accessibility
The Government of Canada is committed to achieving a high standard of accessibility as defined in the Standard on web Accessibility and the Standard on Optimizing websites and Applications for Mobile Devices. In the event of difficulty using our web pages, applications or device-based mobile applications, please contact us for assistance or to obtain alternative formats such as regular print, Braille or another appropriate format.
Opening PDF documents
Some publications and forms on our website are available in portable document format (PDF). A PDF reader is required to view and print these documents. You may download Adobe Acrobat Reader DC for free from the Adobe website for Windows or Mac OS.
Depending on your browser settings, you may need to save the PDF document to your device before opening or printing it. To do so, right click on the document link and select a ‘save’ option. There may be a short delay before the ‘Save as’ window opens.
Adobe provides instructions for setting the software’s accessibility preferences for visual or motion impairments.
The resources on this site include PDFs of our web pages and forms intended to be printed, filled out and submitted through email or mail. These documents may be viewed with virtually the same graphics, typography and layout as the original printed version.
How to download and open a PDF form
Most web browsers will not let you open, fill and save our PDF forms.
Mobile devices such as iPads, tablets and cell phones cannot be used to open and fill our PDF forms.
To be able to fill and save one of our PDF forms, you must first download it to your computer and open it with Adobe Reader® 10 (or a more recent version).
Instructions for PC users
Find the link of the PDF form you wish to download;
Right-click the link and select Save as link or Save target as;
Choose the location on your computer where you want to save the PDF form;
Go to the file location where you saved the PDF form;
Open the PDF form with Adobe Reader® 10 (or a more recent version);
Fill and save your PDF form.
Instructions for Mac users
Find the link of the form you wish to download;
Press the Control key (Ctrl) and click on the link;
Choose Save link as or Download linked file as;
Choose the location on your computer where you want to save the PDF form;
Go to the file location where you saved the PDF form;
Open the PDF form with Adobe Reader® 10 (or a more recent version);
Fill and save your PDF form.
Interacting with us on social media
This notice has been written to explain how Fisheries and Oceans Canada interacts with the public on social media platforms.
Content and frequency
We use our social media accounts as an alternative method of sharing the content posted on our website and interacting with our stakeholders. By following our social media accounts (by “following,” “liking” or “subscribing”), you can expect to see information about the programs and services we provide.
We understand that the web is a 24/7 medium, and your comments are welcome at any time. You should expect to see new content posted Monday to Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. EST/EDT. Comments submitted after hours or on weekends will be read and responded to as soon as possible.
Because the servers of social media platforms are managed by a third party, our social media accounts are subject to downtime that may be out of our control. As such, we accept no responsibility for platforms becoming unresponsive or unavailable.
Links to other websites and ads
Our social media accounts may post or display links or ads for websites that are not under our control. These links are provided solely for the convenience of users. The Government of Canada is not responsible for the information found through these links or ads, nor does it endorse the sites or their content.
Following, “favouriting” and subscribing
Our decision to “follow,” “favourite” or “subscribe” to another social media account does not imply an endorsement of that account, channel, page or site, and neither does sharing (re-tweeting, reposting or linking to) content from another user.
Commenting policy: What is, and isn't, acceptable
We welcome your comments and expect that conversations will follow the general rules of respectful civil discourse. You are fully responsible for everything that you submit in your comments, and all posted comments are in the public domain. Please keep your submissions relevant and be civil.
Please keep in mind that Fisheries and Oceans Canada cannot tolerate comments that are offensive to an individual or an organization, rude in tone, or abusive. We do not discriminate against any views but we reserve the right to edit or remove any comments that are:
messages that are too far off-topic
unintelligible or irrelevant messages
personal attacks and/or defamatory statements
comments that encourage or suggest illegal activity
repetitive posts copied and pasted by multiple users
announcements from labour or political organizations
messages written in a language other than English or French
contrary to the principles of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms
comments not sent by the author and/or posted by anonymous or robot accounts
messages posted using all CAPS (it is difficult to read and is interpreted as yelling)
messages where the sender is not the author (nor the copyright holder if applicable)
racist, hateful, sexist, homophobic, slanderous, insulting, or life-threatening messages
any other message that the forum moderators feel will not add to the normal flow of debate
abusive, aggressive, coarse, explicit, vulgar, violent, obscene, or pornographic comments
serious, unproven, unsupported, or inaccurate accusations against individuals or organizations
solicitations, advertisements, or endorsements of any financial, commercial or non-governmental agency
attempts to defame or defraud any financial, commercial or non-governmental agency.
In short, be respectful and make sure your comments are relevant to the section where they are posted. If you have any questions about this commenting policy or how we apply it, please contact us.
Anyone acting contrary to these rules may be temporarily or permanently excluded from the dialogue spaces on this site.
A few other important notes:
Reporters are asked to send questions to the Media Relations Team.
The views of participants commenting on these pages do not necessarily represent the views of the department.
We cannot commit to replying to every comment posted. We will, however, attempt to engage in conversations when possible.
You participate at your own risk, taking personal responsibility for your comments, your username and any information provided. To protect your own privacy and the privacy of others, please do not include phone numbers or email addresses in the body of your comment.
Users may provide video responses as long as they respect this commenting policy.
Thank you for taking the time to read this comment policy. We encourage your participation in our discussion and look forward to an active exchange of ideas.
Accessibility of social media platforms
Social media platforms are third-party service providers and are not bound by Government of Canada standards for web accessibility.
If you have difficulty accessing content on our social media accounts, please contact us and we will try to solve the problem or provide you with the information in a different format.
Copyright on social media platforms
Information that we post is subject to the Copyright Act.
On social media platforms, you may link to products created by Fisheries and Oceans Canada that include photos, images, etc. licensed to the Department. However, rights are not granted to use, download or reproduce those licensed photos, images, etc. separately from the products.
To obtain additional information concerning copyright ownership and restrictions, please contact:
Fisheries and Oceans Canada
Communications Branch
200 Kent Street
13th Floor, Station 13E225
Ottawa ON K1A 0E6
Canada
Telephone: 613-993-0999
Facsimile: 613-990-1866
Email: DFO-Copyright.XNCR@dfo-mpo.gc.ca
Privacy
Our social media accounts are not Government of Canada websites and represent only our presence on third-party service providers.
For more information, please refer to our Privacy Notice regarding third-party social media.
Official languages
Many social media platforms have multiple language options and provide instructions on how to set your preferences. The Government of Canada respects the Official Languages Act and is committed to ensuring that our information of is available in both French and English and that both versions are equal quality.
We reply to comments in the official language in which they are posted. If we think the response is a question of general public interest, we may respond in both official languages.
We may share links that direct users to sites of organizations or other entities that are not subject to the Official Languages Act and available only in the language(s) in which they are written. When content is available in only one language, we make an effort to provide similar content in the other official language.
Questions and media requests
Reporters are asked to send questions to Media Relations: (613) 990-7537; media.nhq-acn@dfo-mpo.gc.ca.
Date modified:
2019-12-30