http://www.roadsideamerica.com/terms/
RoadsideAmerica.comYour Online Guide to Offbeat Tourist Attractions
Navigation
×
Home
Maps
Tips
Blog
Hotels
My Sights
Video
Mobile
×
State
AK
AL
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
ID
IL
IN
IA
KS
KY
LA
ME
MD
MA
MI
MN
MS
MO
MT
NE
NV
NH
NJ
NM
NY
NC
ND
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WV
WI
WY
AB
BC
MB
NB
NF
NT
NS
ON
PQ
PE
SK
YT
Mex.
Other
Terms and Conditions
© Copyright 1996-2020, Doug Kirby, Ken Smith, Mike Wilkins. All Rights
Reserved. No portion of this website may be reproduced, copied or revised without
written permission of the authors [Contact RoadsideAmerica.com].
The RoadsideAmerica.com website
is provided "as is," for your information
only, without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including,
but not limited to, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. You assume all risks concerning the suitability and accuracy of the information within this website. This website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Reports and visitor tips are provided as an unofficial resource on attractions as a convenience to our visitors. Information on and status of an attraction -- location, hours open, admission prices, current exhibits, and other aspects -- are subject to change without our knowledge.
The authors assume no responsibility for and disclaim all liability for errors
or omissions in this website and in other websites referred to within or linked to this website.
Use of RoadsideAmerica.com
RoadsideAmerica.com provides, at its sole discretion, web pages, text, photos, video and other media content that can be viewed with a web browser. RoadsideAmerica.com uses cookies and other identifiers to collect data necessary to provide site functionality, to deliver site features, and to improve the user experience.
RoadsideAmerica.com provides, at its sole discretion, email newsletters and other notifications to which a user can subscribe. RoadsideAmerica.com will only send these emails and notifications to users who have registered to subscribe and provided a valid email address. Users can unsubscribe and remove their subscription information at any time by going to https://www.roadsideamerica.com/newsletter/.
Users outside the United States and Canada, such as in the European Union and other countries, may have differing privacy rights and options. To find how RoadsideAmerica.com supports those users and abides by applicable regulations, please review our Privacy Policy and How We Use Cookies
Maps and Trip Planning Tools
RoadsideAmerica.com provides, at its sole discretion, online trip planning tools for site visitors -- such as Attraction Maps, Map-a-City, and My Sights. The tools are for personal use only. The tools are provided "as is," without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. You assume all risks concerning the use, suitability or compatibility of these tools on your computer. RoadsideAmerica.com may modify or remove these tools from the web site at any time without notification to users.
Visitor Tips and Feedback
Should you submit or respond with information, feedback, data, questions, comments, suggestions or the like regarding the content of this website, any such response shall be deemed not to be confidential and the authors shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the response to others, without limitation. You agree that RoadsideAmerica.com is free to use any ideas, concepts, information on attractions and items of interest contained in your response for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products incorporating such ideas, concepts or techniques.
If you elect to submit your text, photos and video, you grant RoadsideAmerica.com a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, sublicensenseable and transferable license, in relation to your submissions, to store on its servers, display, reproduce, publish, distribute, prepare derivative works of submissions and disclose the user name you submitted with submissions, including without limitation for promotional purposes, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised.
Submitted tips and photos may be reviewed, edited, and formatted by our editorial team, and the suitability of submissions for publication is solely at our discretion. A member of the editorial team may contact a tip contributor for more information, verification or notification of publication status. Tip contributor contact information and source content may be retained in our unpublished files and databases.
Photo Submission
Photos and videos submitted by you are assumed to be your copyrighted property, made available to RoadsideAmerica.com for nonexclusive use. Your submission of a photo or video is your guarantee that you are the author and copyright holder of the photo or video. We accept photo and video submissions with the understanding that you have acquired permission for its use from any recognizable person in the photo or video. Roadsideamerica.com is permitted by you to convert the photo of video to an appropriate file size, crop or otherwise modify at the editors' discretion, and publish on RoadsideAmerica.com or on any associated web site, database, or application.
Roadsideamerica.com is also permitted by you to post your photo(s) to our presence on social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, and others.
Submittal of a photo or video does not guarantee publication on RoadsideAmerica.com or on related web sites, databases, applications or social networks.
A photo or video published will be accompanied by a creator's credit, although an omission or error in such credit shall not
invalidate the usage permission granted by you. RoadsideAmerica.com may retain your photograph and information for archival purposes.
Model Release
Please read if you are submitting a photo that includes an adult and/or child Model: By submitting your photo, you agree to the following: In exchange for consideration received, I hereby give permission to RoadsideAmerica.com to use my name and photographic likeness on RoadsideAmerica.com. If other adults appear in the photo, I have obtained their permission to submit for publication. If Model is under 18 years of age: I am the parent/legal guardian of the individual. I have read this release and approve of its terms.
See our Privacy Policy.
Copyright
All media elements in the RoadsideAmerica.com and ThisExit.com domain -- including text, audio, video, graphics, HTML, multimedia and other content -- are owned and copyrighted by the authors of RoadsideAmerica.com (Doug Kirby, Ken Smith, Mike Wilkins), with the exception of elements provided by attractions, partners, and user contributors, as noted, which may also be protected by copyright. The content used within site tools -- such as, but not limited to, images, text, attraction descriptions and location data, is protected by copyright.
Roadsideamerica.com respects copyright law and expects our readers/viewers to do the same. Unauthorized copying or distribution of content is an infringement of the copyright holder's rights. RoadsideAmerica.com may elect to prosecute anyone who infringes upon its copyright, or other intellectual property rights.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any content on RoadsideAmerica.com infringes upon your copyrights, please see our DMCA page.
Revised May 23, 2018