https://www.amio2.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
AMI Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 1, 2019
Advanced Micro Instruments, inc. ("us", "we", or "our") operates http://www.amio2.com (the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information that we receive from users of the Site.
Information Collection
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain information that can be used to contact or identify you.
Personal identifiable information includes your full name (first and last names), company name, address, phone number and email.
This information will be stored for as long as we remain in business.
You have the right to be forgotten.
You have the right to send inquiries about your information.
You can request to view, make changes to, or delete any of your personal identifiable information that was collected by sending an email to marketing@amio2.com with specific instructions for your request.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data").
This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we use the following third-party services to collect, monitor and analyze this data:
Google Analytics, Google Search Console, Google Ad Services (DoubleClick) and Bing Webmaster Tools.
Communications
With your explicit consent, we may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing campaigns, or promotional materials.
Cookies
Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier.
They are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
You will be asked to provide explicit consent prior to accessing our website.
You can request not to be tracked by refusing to accept cookies.
If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to access or use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but, remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
You have the right to know if your data has been hacked.
In such an event, we will communicate this information to you using the email address that you provided to us.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 1, 2019 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time.
If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at 714-848-5533 or send an email to marketing@amio2.com.
©2004-2020 Advanced Micro Instruments, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
/
Made in the U.S.A.
YouTube
facebook
twitter
linkedin