https://www.camlab.co.uk/company/corona-virus-help
Home
Company
Corona Virus Help
About Us
Brexit
Camlab Service Department
Careers
Contact Us
Customer Support
Delivery and Stock
Document Downloads
Environment Statement
Exhibitions
Field Specialists
International
Links
Live Stock
Live Support
Latest Press
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Quality
Terms and Conditions
Coronavirus Help As the world learns to adapt in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, we want to provide as much help to our customers as possible. Currently most of our staff are working from home so we can continue to serve our customers. We are working hard to procure stocks of desperately needed PPE and other supplies. You can read how COVID-19 may affect your order here. We have put together this page as a resource for those looking for support with COVID-19 and it will include latest news and press releases related to our products and how they can help in the global effort and also our latest information on stock availability so you can quickly find if we have what you require. We have included guides on correct use of PPE from government resources. Delivery information - Updated 11th June 2020We currently cannot guarantee the normal next day delivery service. Our provider is still offering a nationwide delivery service. However the service is subject to local disruptions.
Once your package ships we will send you UPS tracking details. Please note, some parcels may be delayed due to the COVID-19 situation. Please allow 2-5 working days for delivery, and check the UPS tracking website for the most up to date information on your delivery.Stock AvailabilityDue to an precedented surge in demand for PPE products, we have incredibly limited supplies of key products. We are working hard to secure further items. We have compiled all of our products, that we think may be of interest that are in stock.
Latest Stock
Please save this page and keep checking back. We will keep it updated, and it will reflect the ever-changing situation.PPE: Practical Help & Product GuidesHSE SAFETY ALERT: Use of face masks designated KN95HSE has issued a HSE safety alert KN95 masks about the poor quality of face masks claiming to be KN95.
A substantial number of face masks, claiming to be of a KN95 standard, provide an inadequate level of protection and are likely to be poor quality products accompanied by fake or fraudulent paperwork. These face masks may also be known as filtering facepiece respirators.
See the HSE safety alert KN95 masks for more details
Camlab as a BSIF registered provider will only provide PPE which meets Uk and European standards such as FFP2 and FFP3. We can provide test certificates for all of our PPE productsHow to remove gloves correctlyAt the time of writing, the government guidance makes no recommendations for the general public to wear gloves in day to day activities, however it is recommended if you are in closer contact with a person suspected of having COVID-19 and also handling things they have touched including their clothes. Do not touch your face even when wearing gloves and remember everything you have touched with your gloved hands could now be infected. Gloves should be removed correctly, to ensure your hands themselves do not become contaminated.
Please follow this removal guide as written by the CDC. (Please be aware current findings suggest COVID-19 can live of surfaces for around three days. Keep this in mind when disposing of your gloves and do not put them in your refuge collection until this time has passed.)Donning (Putting on) PPE correctly for healthcare workersGuidance released from Public Health England - available here.Doffing (Taking off) PPE correctly for healthcare workersGuidance released from Public Health England - available here.Comparison of FFP2, KN95, and N95 and Other Filtering Facepiece Respirator ClassesIn terms of facemask and respirators, you may have heard various terms used such as FFP2 and N95. In short, these are geographical names used describe 'equivalent' masks. There are subtle differences in masks.  In Europe the relevant standard for masks in FFP2. 3M have produced this useful bulletin to describe the differences between the mask classifications. Whats the difference between surgical and respirator masks? Will any protect against Coronavirus?There are two main types of disposable mask - the surgical mask and the respirator mask. You can read our blog post here explaining the differences and what type of mask is recommended for viral protection and what standards you should be looking for in a mask. Putting on Respirators and Fit TestingWhen using a disposable respirator, it is essential it is worn correctly otherwise it will not have the intended protective effect. Where possible, we have added manufacturer videos on our masks which describe this process. You can see the general guidence issued by the HSE here. Press Releases & Latest NewsUK Government - Latest Information on COVID-19Government & European CDC Information PagesNumber of cases and risk in the UK
Coronavirus (COVID-19): what you need to do
What you need to know
Distribution of cases