http://www.tmk.com/en/legal#imprint-anc
Feel It
Food
TMK Kitchen
Chefs
References
Beverages
Juices
Smoothies
Club
About Us
Contact us
en
de
Imprint
TMK Services GmbH
Danzigerstrasse 64
10435 Berlin, Germany
Mail: info@tmk.com
Website: tmk.com
district court: Berlin, Charlottenburg
HRB 182229B
managing director: Christoph Morach
tax number: 30/561/50137
Disclaimer
Despite careful research, we of course can assume no liability for content on our website. This applies to both the timeliness, completeness and quality of content. All free offers are non-binding. We request your understanding that we reserve the right to change, supplement or delete offerings and to cease publication at any time without prior notice.
Published links to third-party websites have been meticulously researched and compiled. The editors have no influence on the current and or future design or content of linked webpages. bejuicy is not responsible for the content of linked websites and does not own such content. The respective publishers of the websites to which links are provided are solely responsible for any illegal, incorrect or incomplete content, and for damages resulting from the use or non-use of information. Liability on the part of a party who merely provides a link to a publication is excluded.
The editors are only responsible for links to third-party sites if aware of any prohibited, illegal or criminal content and have reasonable technical means at their disposal to prevent use thereof. // Photos: shutterstock / fotolia
Data Privacy
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB. You can refuse the use of Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set on the computer, which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website: Disable Google Analytics Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html or at https://www.google.de/intl/en_uk/policies/. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “anonymizeIp” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking). Source: www.datenschutzbeauftragter-info.de