http://www.capt.org/cs/privacy.htm
Privacy Statement - CAPT.org
MBTI® Step I™ & II™Type Indicators
About the MBTI
Take the MBTI Online
MBTI for Teams
MBTI Training
Become a Master Practitioner
MBTI® Step III™Type Development
About Step III
Requirements for Use
Step III Development
Sample Report
Certification Training
Purchase
Scoring
MMTIC®Type for Children
About the MMTIC
Advantages
Certification
Resources
Take the MMTIC Online
KGI®Leadership & Teams
About the KGI
KGI for You
KGI for Teams
Taking the KGI
Sample Reports
Purchase
FAQs
Downloads
Use with the MBTI
Training
PMAI®Archetypes
About the PMAI
Sample Report
Purchase
Use with the MBTI
Training
Training & Workshops
Browse Classes
On-site Training
Faculty
Continuing Education
All CE Classes
MBTI Master Practitioner Classes
FDOH
HRCI
NBCC
TEA
"This new MMTIC® online
training program is great! Both
the course content and the website
are well organized. The videos
are really helpful—they do a
good job of reinforcing the
online learning experience!"
– Professor of Child Development
Catalog
Browse Catalog
New Products
CAPT Specials
Ordering Information
Purchasing Restricted Materials
CAPT Forms
Type for Life®
Guides
Blog
"Type has always been a tool to
understand ourselves better, and
once in a while, to communicate
that understanding to others."
CAPT Research
Who We Are
Ongoing Projects
Research Services
Research Support
Suggestions for Publishing
Library
Mary & Isabel's Library Online (MILO)
Isabel Briggs Myers Memorial Library
Journal of Psychological Type®
White Papers
Research Digest
Archives
Discover Your Archetypes
About Archetypes
Using Archetypes
Archetype Descriptions
The Authors
MBTI Overview
About the MBTI
Isabel Myers
Type Descriptions
Type Dynamics
Reliability and Validity
Test Comparison
Ethical Use
FAQ
Related Organizations
MBTI Referral Network
Using Type
Workplace and Careers
Mind, Body, Spirit
Children and Families
Education
C.G. Jung
About CAPT
History and Mission
Products and Services
Publish with CAPT
Contact CAPT
Privacy Policy for the Center for Applications of Psychological Type, CAPT, Inc.
Welcome to our website’s Privacy Policy. What you read here addresses services offered by the Center for Applications of Psychological Type, Inc. (hereinafter, "CAPT"), including information-gathering and dissemination practices for the web services at http://www.capt.org/ and linked pages (collectively, "website" or "our site").
By submitting your information to us through the creation of a new account, or through an existing account, you agree to the practices described herein, and you represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
This website is operated in the United States, and the information collected through it may be retained indefinitely, and may be stored, accessed, or used in jurisdictions whose privacy laws may be different, or less protective, than those of your home jurisdiction.
The underlying principles of this policy
CAPT is committed to protecting the privacy of all those who use our sites. To accomplish this commitment, we will
Respect your privacy
Collect and use personal information only for legitimate reasons
Do our utmost to protect personal information through current technological security
Promote and adhere to the ethical guidelines related to the assessments we publish, distribute, sell, or use for research purposes
Meet current ethical and governmental standards as they
relate to research involving people, especially with those projects that involve school aged children
Protect personal information of research participants when engaged in projects with organizations and/or educational entities not legally affiliated with CAPT
We adhere to the above principles as they relate to all websites and domains owned or managed by CAPT, including but not limited to capt.org
(including www.peoplestripes.org/assessment-mmtic), mbtimasterpractitioner.org, mbtireferralnetwork.org, typeforkids.org, aprincessandhergarden.com, typecan.com, mbticertification.org, and kleingroupinstrument.org.
The information we collect from those who visit our website
You can access and retrieve information from our website without having to enter personal data. We collect personal data only with your knowledge and prior approval. When we collect data, it is voluntary for registration, order and survey purposes using forms, or via e-mail.
CAPT collects two types of data from people who visit www.capt.org:
1)	When you come to this website, some information may be automatically collected as part of business operations, including your IP address and navigational information. Your name, address, phone number, email address, password, and other information needed for specific purposes are obtained when you create an online account with us.
This information is used to constantly analyze and improve our customer service and for protection against fraud. In due time, this information will be blocked or deleted, as permitted by law. In addition to this information, for security reasons, each time you access our server, our server and your browser automatically transmit, record and save data which possibly permit identification (such as the IP (Internet Protocol) address of the system you are using to access our Web site; the IP address of the Web site that referred you; your browser type, date and time). This information is not processed on a personal basis.
2)	CAPT also collects survey data from clients who willingly provide that information. These data involve responses to assessment instruments designed to measure personal preferences in how an individual takes in and processes information, or agrees/disagrees with behavioral statements.
We reserve the right to make data anonymous and prepare statistical evaluations that do not allow personal inferences to be drawn. These evaluations may be used for marketing, promotion and other purposes. We will never make available information that allows personal identification of individuals.
Cookies
This website uses cookies, which are necessary to its functioning and required to achieve the purposes illustrated in this privacy policy. These functional cookies are required for your security and your user experience. The information we gather through the use of tracking technologies is aggregated and cannot be matched with any personally identifiable information about you.
You can decline cookies at any time if your browser allows you to do this. Depending on your browser's settings, you will receive a notification that our server wants to place a cookie with a particular lifespan on your computer. However, we would like to point out that it will be impossible for you to use our order system if you decline functional cookies.
Whenever our cookies contain personal data, we expressly inform you and ask for your consent (opt-in) before saving the cookie to your computer.
.
From time to time we may share aggregate data collected through responses given for surveys and/or assessments with other publishers, training organizations, professional groups, or researchers for educational purposes, assessment development, and/or web site improvements.
This aggregate information is never associated with your name or other personally identifiable information.
If you provide us with personally identifiable information, we use the information only to the extent necessary to provide you with products, reports, and/or services that you have requested, inquired about, or ordered.
Information provided by you in response to assessment forms that are available on our site are available only to authorized CAPT personnel, your designated facilitator, or counselor.
The information we collect and how we use it
CAPT collects information from individuals when an account is created, most commonly for the purpose of enrolling in and paying for an educational program, such as the MMTIC® Certification Program, or purchasing a product such as a book or assessment administration.
When you create an account we will ask for your address, phone number, email address, and information for a method of payment. As a matter of policy, CAPT does not store credit card numbers and will not share customer financial transaction information with any other entity.
CAPT will not share personally identifiable information with entities unrelated to CAPT. We may, however, use such information to notify you of important changes to our website or of special offers, services, or products we think you'll find valuable. You may opt out of these notifications at any time.
CAPT engages in online advertising placements with third party providers, including but not limited to Google and Bing ads.
CAPT does not gather personally identifiable information from the "clicks" on these ads, although access to the data gathered by these third party providers is made available to us. Information received by CAPT from these ad placements includes aggregate data on demographics, geographic location, types of web browsers, computers, platforms, internet service providers, or any search terms entered on the referring website.
This aggregate data cannot be traced to an individual.
From time to time CAPT will present webinars, online meetings or similar services via third party providers such as GoToMeeting. Users may be able to register for such webinars and services directly with these third party providers, and any personally identifiable information collected by them in connection with these registrations may be shared with CAPT. This information will also be subject to that third party provider's privacy policy. In some cases, users may be able to access an online meeting by registering with CAPT, and, in such situations, any personally identifiable information disclosed during participation in these services would be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
CAPT reserves the right to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with the legal process, response to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of CAPT's Board of Directors, its employees, customers, clients, or the general public.
Other than as described above, CAPT does not sell, rent, or provide access to information about its clients and customers to third parties.
Guidelines Regarding Children
Personal information about children is a concern for all of us. At CAPT, we take the protection of children's privacy very seriously. The CAPT website is designed for use by adults, with the exception of the Murphy-Meisgeier Type Indicator for Children (MMTIC®) assessment. The MMTIC® assessment is available only through the password-protected MMTIC® Facilitator Interface. Before a child under the age of thirteen can enter data online for a CAPT assessment - or have it entered for them - written permission from a parent or guardian must be obtained.
Participation in CAPT's Mailing List
As a visitor to our site, you are welcome to register your name on CAPT's mailing list. To do so, simply email us at add@capt.org. Your participation in this mailing list is voluntary.
If at any time after you have registered your email with us and wish to remove yourself from future mailings and communications, please contact remove@capt.org
If your contact information changes after you have registered for this mailing list, you can update this information by emailing add@capt.org
Based upon the personal information that you provide us, we may communicate with you in response to your inquiries to provide the services you request and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes.
We may also use your personal information to send you updates and other promotional communications. If you no longer wish to receive those email updates, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each update or communication, or log into your account to set your communication preferences.
Security
CAPT has put stringent security measures in place to protect you from the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Whenever you submit an order to CAPT, you can do so over a secure (i.e., encrypted) connection. This ensures that your personal information is not at risk.
We have established technologies and procedures to protect your personal information that is under our control. We protect this information from unauthorized access, usage, modification, and illegal or accidental loss. Our servers employ a variety of security mechanisms and authorization processes to hamper unauthorized access.
Credit Card Information
We do not store credit card information longer than needed to complete your transaction. To help maintain high levels of security, we request that you do not include any credit card information in email correspondence with CAPT.
Access, data integrity, and CAPT Responsiveness
You may at any time request access to the personal data we have on file for you, subject to verification of the authenticity of the request. You have the right to review this personal information for accuracy, currency, and completeness.
CAPT agrees to expeditiously correct such information where allowed and appropriate. CAPT does not sell, trade, rent or otherwise share your personal information with third parties.
Links
Our websites contain references (links) to third-party websites. Data collected on third-party websites are subject to the third-party's privacy regulations. We are not responsible for complying with the third-party's privacy regulations, nor are we responsible for handling this data. Customers who make their information accessible to a third party should read the third party's privacy statement.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
CAPT reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use at any time. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post these changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Any such modifications become effective upon your continued access to and/or use of the website five (5) days after we first post the changes on the website or otherwise provide you with notice of such modifications. It is your sole responsibility to check this website from time to time to view any such changes to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any changes, if and when such changes may be made to this Privacy Policy, you must cease access to this website. If you have provided your email address to us, you give us permission to email you for the purpose of notification as described in this Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
If you have questions about this Privacy Statement or anything else about our web site or data collection, you can contact us at the following email address: privacy@capt.org
Assessments
MBTI® Step I™ & II™ Type Indicators
MBTI® Step III™ Type Development
MMTIC® Type for Children
KGI® Leadership & Teams
PMAI® Archetypes
Training
Training & Workshops
Continuing Education
Products
Catalog
Type for Life®
Research
CAPT Research
Research Services
Library
Journal of Psychological Type®
Discover
Discover Your Archetypes
MBTI Overview
Using Type
About CAPT
Center for
Applications of
Psychological Type, Inc
2815 NW 13th Street
Suite 401
Gainesville, FL 32609
www.capt.org
Site Map | Legal | Privacy | Shipping & Returns | Add to CAPT.org Email | Contact Us