http://www.petrochemistry.net/cookies-policy/
This cookie policy explains what cookies are and how they are used (hereafter the “Cookie Policy”) by the European Chemical Industry Council and Petrochemicals Europe (an industry sector of Cefic), (hereafter “Cefic” or “we”). This Cookie Policy applies to all websites operated by Cefic and notably Petrochemicals Europe’s website (hereinafter the “Website”). It is addressed to the public accessing the Website (hereunder the “Visitor” or “you”). We advise the Visitor to read both the Privacy Policy and the Cookie Policy as both are important for the protection of personal data. Cefic is registered with the Belgian authorities at Edmond Van Nieuwenhuyselaan 4, 1160 Oudergem, Belgium. General The first time you visit our Website, you will see a pop-up. By clicking on “I accept”, you are consenting to our use of cookies. By using our Website, which contains a clear hyperlink to our Cookie Policy on every page, you are deemed to consent to the use of cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. For information on how you consent and how you can withdraw your consent to us placing non-essential cookies on your computer or device, see section 5 and 6 below. We process the data obtained from cookies in line with our Privacy Policy, which can be found  . Should the Visitor choose not consent to our Cookie and Privacy Policies, they are kindly requested to leave the Website. We reserve the right to amend both its Cookie and Privacy Policies. The Visitor is asked to regularly consult these policies to stay informed. If you have any questions about how we collect, store and use your personal information, please read our Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about how we use cookies, please contact us by any of the following means: Telephone:        +32.2.436.94.83 E-mail:              info@petrochemistry.eu Post:                [Edmond Van Nieuwenhuyselaan 4, 1160 Oudergem, Belgium], and as of January 1st, 2019: Rue Belliard 40 b15, 1040 Brussels, Belgium What are cookies? A cookie is a small text file that the Website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the Website. It enables the Website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the Website or browse from one page to another. Cookies are used to optimize your browsing experience and simplify transactions online. Cookies allow us to recognize you every time you visit the Website and to recall personalized settings. This facilitates and improves your browsing experience. Furthermore, we collect data on how the Website is accessed to improve their overall performance in terms of speed and functionality/ease of use. They do not operate independently from the Website or, in any manner, access data from your computer or phone. First, there are mainly two types of cookies: ‘essential’ cookies and ‘non-essential’ cookies.
Essential cookies: are cookies that are essential for our Website to function. They allow you to browse our Website and to use its main features. Non-essential cookies: are cookies that allow you to personalise your user experience on our Website but are not essential for it to function.
These two types of cookies each have different characteristics that can be distinguished and classified according to the length of time for which they are valid and the origin of their placement. On the one hand, according to the length of time for which they are valid on the user’s computer:
Persistent or permanent cookies: remain after a session is closed. They are kept on the Visitor’s hard drive until they expire or until the Visitor deletes the cookies. Persistent cookies are used to collect identification data relating to the Visitor, such as behaviour while surfing the internet or preferences for a specific website. Session cookies: only last for the time taken to visit a website (session). They are deleted when the Visitor closes the browser.
On the other hand, according to their placement:
First-party cookies: these belong to the site that you choose to visit; Third-party cookies: these are cookies connected with the activity of partner third parties. They
are imported from a site the content of which is accessible indirectly, for example via an image or a banner. The different types of cookies we use and for what purpose Our use of cookies The data collected from the cookies will be used in line with our Privacy Policy. In this respect, we only share your data with third party that performs data processing activities on our behalf and in line with our policies. Any personal data collected through the cookies is used to improve your browsing experience and to improve our Website. Certain cookies only store and use data for the duration of your visit to the Website. Data collected from functional and tracking cookies will be used so long as you continue to visit the Website and will be stored for a certain period after your last active consultation of the Website, as set out below, after which these data will be deleted. We have categorised the cookies we use in four categories
COOKIE PURPOSE
ESSENTIAL COOKIES (STRICTLY NECESSARY)
Used solely to carry out or facilitate the transmission of communications over a network; or  strictly necessary to provide an online service (e.g. our website or a service on our website) which you have requested.
PREFERENCE & FUNCTIONALITY COOKIES
These cookies collect information about your choices and preferences and make using the website more practical They are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
ANALYTICS & CUSTOMIZATION COOKIES
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our websites are being used to help us improve our websites and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
ADVERTISING (TARGETING) COOKIES
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
List of Cookies Used
Name of Cookie
Essential or Non-essential? Type of cookie First or Third party? Session or Persistent? Expiry Time Purpose
PHPSESSID Essential Essential First Session Session Opening users session
NID Non Essential Preference Third Persistent Month Remembering Google user preferences
_ga
Non Essential Analytics Third Persistent 2 years Google Analytics: distinguishes between users
SID, SAPISID, APISID, SSID, SIDCC, HSID, PREF Non Essential Preference Third Persistent Most of the cookies expire 10 years after your last visit to a page containing a Google Map. Google set a number of cookies on any page that includes a Google Map. While we have no control over the cookies set by Google, they appear to include a mixture of pieces of information to measure the number and behaviour of Google Maps users.
SID, LOGIN_INFO, use_hotbox, PREF, SSID, HSID, watched_video_id_list, __utma, __utmz, demographics, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Non Essential Preference Third Persistent Most of the cookies expire 10 years after your last visit to a page containing a Youtube video, although some expire sooner. Google set a number of cookies on any page that includes a Youtube video. While we have no control over the cookies set by Google, they appear to include a mixture of pieces of information to measure the number and behaviour of Youtube users, including information that links your visits to our website with your Google account if you are signed in to one. Information about your use of our website, including your IP address, may be transmitted to Google and stored on servers in the United States.This cookie does not identify you personally unless you are logged into Google, in which case it is linked to your Google account.
__utma,
__utmz, _twitter_sess auth_token csrf_same_site csrf_same_site_set ct0 external_referer guest_id ktd lang personalization_idremember_checked_on syndication_guest_id tfw_exp twid _ga
Non Essential Functional Third Persistent Some cookies never expire, others in different time frames. These cookies are used by Twitter services, to monitor referral links, and login.To log you into Twitter and Periscope.To protect your security.To let you to view content with limited distribution.  To remember information about your browser and your preferences.To help Twitter improve and understand how people use our services, including Twitter buttons and widgets, and Twitter Ads. Twitter Privacy Policy can be reached at https://twitter.com/en/privacy
1P_JAR Non Essential Advertising Third Persistent 1 month Google advertising cookie used for user tracking and ad targeting purposes
__gads Non Essential Advertising Third Persistent 2 years This cookie is associated with the DoubleClick for Publishers service from Google. Its purpose is to do with the showing of adverts on the site, for which the owner may earn some revenue
Our use of third party cookies specifically We can allow third parties to put cookies on your browser in order to, for example, get more information about your browsing habits, enable them to show you more tailored advertisements whilst you are on our Website, facilitate the sharing of content from other websites or audience measurement. These cookies cannot be used without your prior consent and are therefore the subject of the question you are asked during your first visit to our Website. More information about the collection and processing of information, the use of data by social networks, as well as the available settings for protecting your privacy, can be found in their privacy policies. Cefic is in no way  responsible for the statements or content of these third party cookies. All of these third parties are set out below to allow you to consult their privacy statements and easily manage your consent. Managing cookies In order to ensure access to, rectification of, and the ability to withdraw consent at any time concerning your personal data you can always manage the use of cookies through your personal web browser’s settings. The web browser can be configured to either block all, accept/block some or accept all cookies. Should you choose to erase or block certain cookies, you will probably experience difficulties operating the Website. Blocking cookies impacts the ease and functionality of web browsing. For example, refusing all cookies will impede web transactions. You can disable targeting/advertising cookies, which remember your browsing habits and display relevant advertising when you are online. If you choose to turn off these cookies you will still see    advertising on the internet but it may not be tailored to your interests. It does not mean that you won’t be served any advertisements whilst you are online. You can also manage this type of cookie in the privacy settings on the web browser you are using. Every web browser has its own configuration. For the most part, however, you can consult the “Preferences” or “Settings” menu in the top right hand corner to modify cookies options or go to “help”. For further information see the following links here below:
Google Chrome
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
Firefox
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
Safari
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?locale=nl_NL&viewlocale=en_US
Internet Explorer
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
For more details on cookies and how to change your browser settings, see: www.allaboutcookies.org.                                                                                                   Last updated on 18/12/2018