http://www.eeca.govt.nz/terms-and-conditions/
PrivacyYou may browse and access information contained within this website without providing any personal information. If you voluntarily provide personal information (e.g. through online forms, email requests or newsletter sign-ups), we will only use that information for the purpose for which it was intended and to communicate with you.If you no longer want to receive information from us, please click the unsubscribe button at the bottom of an email from us or write to us at info@eeca.govt.nz.Unless you authorise us to do so, we will not disclose your personal information to any third party.Access and CorrectionYou have the right to access and to request correction of the personal information you provide us. To exercise this right, or to ask anything else in relation to your privacy, please contact us:The Privacy OfficerEnergy Efficiency and Conservation Authority44 The TerraceWellingtoninfo@eeca.govt.nzWe may require proof of your identity before being able to provide you with any personal information.CookiesWe use a technology commonly referred to as ’cookies’. A cookie is a token that is stored on your computer. When you access genless.govt.nz the token acts as a record-keeping device. The aggregate data is collected and stored on our internal servers only, and only accessed by authorised staff. Cookies help us provide additional functionality to you, allow us to remember you, and help us analyse site usage more accurately. We will also use this information to improve and customise your browsing experience when you interact with other media from us (including email, social media and web pages) and for analytics and metrics purposes.Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. If you do not wish to receive cookies from eeca.govt.nz, you can set your browser to refuse them or to warn you when you are about to receive one. Turning off cookies will not affect your ability to use this site.Transparency statement for information collectionAs part of our work under the Energy Efficiency and Conservation Act 2000 (the EEC Act), EECA collects certain information. This information falls under two main headings:
sales data; and
information required for compliance and enforcement purposes.
Sales dataUnder regulation 9 of the Energy Efficiency (Energy Using Products) Regulations 2002, persons who import or manufacture certain products in New Zealand are required to provide EECA with information as to the products they have sold, imported or exported. This information is then used to compile statistics on energy efficiency and conservation. Information provided to EECA under regulation 9 is subject to the protections in section 38 of the Energy Efficiency and Conservation Act (EEC Act). This means that EECA cannot disclose that information to anyone else, except for the purposes of prosecution, and EECA may only publish statistical information if it is arranged in such a manner as to prevent that information from being identifiable as information relating to a particular person, save with that person’s express consent.Information for compliance and enforcement purposesAs the relevant regulator under the EEC Act, EECA is also responsible for ensuring compliance with the Act and its associated regulations, including taking enforcement action where necessary.As part of this function, EECA may collect information from the following sources:
import data disclosed under our agreement with the New Zealand Customs Service;
surveys of product suppliers/outlets and vehicle traders;
monitoring of online trading;
monitoring of online and print advertising and information;
as part of participating in joint compliance activity under the Trans-Tasman Equipment Energy Efficiency (E3) Programme;
product check testing;
onsite checks to determine compliance and the status of a particular trader.
Such information is collected for the purposes of establishing whether traders are complying with the EEC Act and regulations. In collecting information for compliance and enforcement purposes, EECA considers core principles including proportionality, consistency, transparency and fairness.For information regarding how to make a complaint about EECA’s information gathering activities, please email info@eeca.govt.nz. Where applicable, complaints may also be made to the Office of the Privacy Commissioner and the Office of the Ombudsman.
Questions and complaints
The Energy Efficiency and Conservation Authority is committed to delivering first class services. If you think we are not meeting this standard, whether in relation to our compliance and enforcement functions or in relation to other aspects of our work, we would like to hear from you so we can put things right.We ask for your contact details so we can respond directly to you. However if you wish to make a complaint anonymously it will be treated with the same level of importance.We will advise you in writing when your complaint has been received and endeavour to respond within 24 hours, although complex issues where we need to work with others may take longer.We take all questions and complaints seriously and will ensure you are treated with respect.You can telephone, email or write to us.
Contact us