http://www.tlg.uci.edu/privacy.php
Skip to main content
Hello TLG user
Log In |
Register Close Panel
THESAURUS LINGUAE GRAECAE ®
A Digital Library of Greek Literature
Project Director: Maria Pantelia
facebook icon
twitter icon
Home
ABOUT
TLG History
Meet our Team
FULL CORPUS(Subscription required)
TLG CANON(Open access)
ABRIDGED TLG(Open access)
LEXICA(Open access)
Online LSJ
Cunliffe
Powell
Online LBG
Koumanoudes
SUBSCRIPTIONS
Subscriptions
Individuals
Institutions
FAQ
CONTACT US
You may be using a browser that may not be fully supported.
TLG® Privacy and Legal Notice
The Thesaurus Linguae Graecae® (TLG®) is a research unit at the University of California Irvine subject to all policies established by the University. The University of California is committed to protecting the privacy and accuracy of your personally identifiable information to the extent possible, subject to provisions of state and federal law. Other than as required by laws that guarantee public access to certain types of information, or in response to subpoenas or other legal instruments that authorize disclosure, personally identifiable information is not disclosed without your consent.
Your Consent
This privacy statement explains how we gather information and how we protect your privacy. By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information.
Information Collection and Use
Categories of personally identifiable information collected by the TLG may include: your Internet location (Internet domain and IP address), type of browser and operating system used to access our site, date and time our site was visited and pages visited on our site. This information is generally used for statistical or troubleshooting purposes. Additionally, TLG users and visitors are asked to register and provide their name and email address. This personally identifiable information is used to respond to user inquiries and customize your use.
Our site may use 'cookies' in order to keep track of sessions. A cookie is a small text file that identifies a user's computer. Cookies do not pose a threat to your computer, and they do not contain viruses.
Disclosure of Collected Information
The TLG will not disclose or share, without your consent, personally identifiable information, except for certain explicit circumstances in which disclosure may be required by law. Nor will the TLG distribute or sell your personally identifiable information to third-party organizations. In cases of institutional subscribers, the TLG reserves the right to notify the institutional representative(s) and provide the name of a particular user if there is reason to believe that the terms of the license agreement have been violated.
From time to time, we may release information about TLG use in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing statistical information about the usage of this website. Institutional representatives may also have access to collected usage statistics pertaining to their particular institution. We will never release or publish personally identifying information or information about the web use of a particular subscriber.
Thesaurus Linguae Graecae®
University of California, Irvine 220 University Tower
Irvine, CA 92697-5550
Tel: (949) 824-7031
Fax: (949) 824-8434
Email: tlg@uci.edu
Useful Links:
Credits
Terms of use
Privacy
UC Irvine
Office
of Research
© 2014 UC Regents.
TLG® is a registered trademark of the University of California. All rights reserved.
Use of TLG® materials is subject to the TLG License Agreement.