http://www.tcetoday.com/legal/
Legal
Website terms of use
This website is owned by the Institution of Chemical Engineers (IChemE).
We are a registered charity in England and Wales (214379) and a charity registered in Scotland (SC 039661) whose registered office is at:
Davis Building, 165-189 Railway Terrace, Rugby, CV21 3HQ, United Kingdom.
Use of this website is subject to these terms of use. If you do not accept these terms of use, you are not authorised to use or continue using this website.
We may amend these terms of use at any time and the revised version will be effective immediately when it is displayed here.
If you have any comments or questions concerning these terms of use, please contact us.
We own or are licensed to use all intellectual property rights in and to this website, its content and all technical infrastructure relating to it.
In accessing any part of this website, you agree:
not to use this website in such a way that disrupts, interferes with or restricts the use of this website by other users
not to upload, display or transmit any materials through this website which are false, offensive, defamatory, threatening, obscene, unlawful or which infringe the rights of any other person anywhere in the world
not to reverse engineer, decompile, copy or adapt any software or other code or scripts forming part of this website or attempt to transmit to or via this website any information that contains a virus, worm, Trojan horse or other harmful or disruptive component; and
not to change, modify, delete, interfere with or misuse data contained on this website and entered by or relating to any third party user of this website.
Material contained in this website may be downloaded, viewed and printed for personal use or internal circulation within your organisation provided that no trade mark, copyright or other proprietary notices contained in or appearing on such material are removed in whole or in part. Material contained in this website may not otherwise be copied, reproduced or redistributed in whole or in part without our prior written consent. In particular it must not be reproduced or exploited for commercial gain. We reserve all other rights in this website and its content.
If you supply us with personal details through this website, you consent to us maintaining, recording, holding and using such personal data in accordance with our privacy policy.
Owing to the nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that this website or the websites to which it is linked will always be available to you. You should ensure that you have appropriate protection against viruses and other security arrangements in place whilst using the Internet.
Although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure that the information on this website was accurate at the time of publication, this website and any information or other material contained in it are made available strictly on the basis that you accept it on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis. Where you rely on any information or other material contained in this website, you do so entirely at your own risk and you accept that all warranties, conditions and undertakings, express or implied, whether by common law, statute, trade usage, course of dealings or otherwise in respect of this website are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
We exclude all liability whatever, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in respect of any loss or damage resulting or arising from any non-availability or use of this website or of any other website linked to it, or from reliance on the contents of this website or any material or content accessed through it.
Statements and opinions expressed in The Chemical Engineer are the responsibility of the editor. Unless described as such, they do not represent the views or policies of the Institution of Chemical Engineers.
Links from this website are provided for information and convenience only and we have no control over and cannot therefore accept responsibility or liability for the content of any linked third party website.
We are not responsible for the privacy and data protection practices of other websites which may be reached through links contained in this website. You should be aware that when you leave this website and move into any linked website, you should read the privacy and data protection policies and statements contained on any such linked website.
This website has been designed and these terms of use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. Any dispute arising out of the accessing or use of this website shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Cookies
We use a number of different cookies on our site. If you are not sure what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
The list below describes the cookies we use on this site and what we use them for. Currently we operate an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage. If you are not happy, then you should either not use this site, or you should delete the cookies having visited the site, or you should browse the site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari etc).
First-party cookies
These are cookies that are set by this website directly.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information. We therefore do not collect or store your personal information (eg your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
We also use Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information about visitor data such as age, gender and interests. Again, this information cannot be used to identify who you are and is for the purpose of internal analysis. If you wish to opt-out, download and install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
For more information visit:
Google’s position on privacy regarding its analytics service
Session cookies - what they are used for?
Third-party cookies
These are cookies set on your machine by external websites whose services are used on this site. Cookies of this type are the sharing buttons across the site allow visitors to share content onto social networks. Cookies are currently set by LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube. In order to implement these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside of our website. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on this website.
You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
Online shop
We use a session cookie to remember your log-in for you and what you’ve put in the shopping basket. These we deem strictly necessary to the working of the website. If these are disabled then various functionality on the site will be broken.
Contact us for more information.
Purchase of goods and services
Read the terms and conditions relating to the purchase of goods and services offered on IChemE’s websites.
Privacy policy
IChemE respects the privacy of its members and customers and aims to act consistently with the Data Protection Act 2018. IChemE will hold and use data contained on you for administrative purposes, to keep you informed of activities, and to offer goods and services provided by the Institution.
This privacy policy describes the information we collect through this website (www.icheme.org), and:
what we do with it
who we share parts of it with
the information we collect and how we use it.
We believe it is essential to respect the privacy of all visitors and to make safe and ethical use of the information provided to the website. We aim to give you as much control as possible over the information you give us, and in all cases the disclosure of your personal details is voluntary.
Where we ask for information we do so in order to offer you better services, both on the website and in the rest of our operations.
If you believe that any information we hold about you is inaccurate, you can update your details in your My IChemE account or contact us to update it.
The information you give will be held in databases: It is the express wish of the Council that information relating to customers is available only to IChemE and not for direct access by third parties, we ensure that all information held by us are highly secure and can only be accessed by authorised people.
Collection of personal information
Generally, IChemE collects personal information directly from you. For example, we collect personal information when you:
deal with IChemE in person, by telephone, letter, fax or email
supply a resume
fill out and submit a membership application form
submit any other information in connection with your application for membership or the purchase of products and services
make an enquiry via a web form on any of the IChemE websites
complete your subscription renewal forms.
Personal information about you may also be collected from a third party. For example, when IChemE receives:
references relating to your application
information about you relating to reciprocal relationships we have with other professional associations.
We ask for your information to:
set up your My IChemE account
update you with information and newsletters relevant to your membership
to provide you with various products and services
for the administration of your membership with the Institution.
You can change your email address or choose not to receive further information at any time.
Who will have access to the information
IChemE's policy is not to disclose any personal Information that we hold on you to any unrelated third party, except where you have given your express consent for us to do so or where required by law.
Arrangements are occasionally made with suppliers of goods and services for their mailings to be sent to members. All material is carefully vetted, and the mailing list is never released to third parties.
We provide your email address to the Special Interest Groups of IChemE for the purpose of notifying you about events and activities of these groups.
If you tell us that you do not wish us to use your Personal Information for a particular purpose, we will not do so.
Booking IChemE events
You can book to attend IChemE events through a third-party site which is managed by Eventsforce.
Eventsforce Solutions Ltd is registered with the Information Commissioner under the Data Protection Act 2018. The company, on behalf of its customers, takes all reasonable steps necessary to ensure that all personal data held on any of its systems – including the events management system “Eventsforce” – is kept secure against unauthorised access, loss or destruction.
IChemE will have access to all the data shared by event attendees. No identifying information will ever be passed or sold to a third party.
The website www.icheme.org is a completely separate entity to Eventsforce booking platform. If you book on an IChemE event, we will email you from the Eventsforce platform about your booking.
Sending personal information overseas
For members who live outside the UK data may be transferred to their local centre.
Information to improve our site
Our site uses cookies. Cookies are small pieces of information that are transferred to and stored by your browser on your computer.
In no circumstances do we collect any data that is not directly related to the use of the website (for example, we do not record other sites that you have visited).
The log files or any information they contain about your use of the site will not be made available to any third parties other than as anonymous usage statistics.
Our site uses the following two Google Analytics advertising features:
doubleclick platform integration
demographics and interest reporting.
Google Analytics collects data about our site’s traffic via the use of Google advertising cookies. We will never match any personally identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information through the use of these Google Advertising features. You can opt out of the use of Google Analytics advertising features if you wish.
Data Protection Act
We are making changes to how we manage your data. Please see our current position for more information.
This privacy statement forms part of IChemE's commitment to the principles of the Data Protection Act 2018.
If you wish to exercise your rights of access to your personal data processed by IChemE then please contact:
Jo Downham Institution of Chemical EngineersDavis BuildingRailway TerraceRugbyCV21 3HQUnited Kingdom
Tel: +44 (0) 1788 578214Fax: +44 (0) 1788 560833 Email: jdownham@icheme.org
General
The terms and conditions contained in this legal notice shall be governed by English law. You may access the website from anywhere in the world; however, this legal notice shall apply regardless of how you access the website and from where.
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, IChemE (and companies processing data on its behalf) currently hold and use data held on you for administration purposes, to keep you informed of its activities, and offer goods and services provided by the Institution.
We would stress that your personal data is available only to IChemE and not for direct access by third parties. Mailing arrangements are occasionally made with third party suppliers of goods and services but all material is carefully vetted, and the mailing list is never released to them.
The Institution of Chemical EngineersDavis BuildingRailway TerraceRugbyCV21 3HQUnited Kingdom
Tel: +44 (0) 1788 578214Fax: +44 (0) 1788 560833Email: membersupport@icheme.orgWebsite: www.icheme.org
This privacy policy forms part of the terms of use that govern your use of our website.
Recent Editions
Catch up on the latest news, views and jobs from The Chemical Engineer.
Below are the four latest issues. View a wider selection of the archive from within the Magazine section of this site.
December 2020/ January 2021 Issue 954/955
December 2020 Consultants & Contractors Guide 2021
November 2020 Issue 953
October 2020 Issue 952