http://www.planningpa.org/contact-us/privacy-policy/
Main menu
Skip to content
About
Great Places in Pennsylvania
Great Places Archive
About the PA Chapter
Mission, Vision and Values
Become a Member
Board of Directors
Board Policies
PA Chapter Committees
Meeting Minutes
Annual Report
Annual Budget
Bylaws
Development Plan
Events & Training
Calendar
Submit an Event
Annual Conference
Call For Presenters
Program & Registration
Hotel & Travel
Sponsors & Advertisers
Conference Archive
Annual Awards
Annual Awards Archive
Photo Galleries
Past Presentations
Lending Library
Advocacy
Healthy Communities in PA
Legislative Committee
Planners Unite
MPC Task Force
Policy Statements
PA State Planning Board
Publications
Planners & Planning Brochure
Annual Report
The Vantage Point
For Planners
Professional Planners
Professional Development Committee
For AICP Members
AICP Exam Prep
AICP CM Opportunities
Advanced Specialty Certifications
Certification Maintenance
Planning Commisioners
Development
Training
PMPEI (PA Municipal Planning Education Institute)
Students
Sections
Central Section
Lehigh Valley/Berks Section
Northeast Section
Northwest Section
Southeast Section
Southwest Section
Resources
Consultant Directory
Internships
Job Postings
Resource Library | Best Practices | Web Tools
RFP’s & RFQ’s
In Memoriam
Submission Form
Text Size:
A
A
A
Terms of UseThe American Planning Association – Pennsylvania Chapter (APA PA) respects your privacy and is committed to maintaining and responsibly using any information we collect from you on our website. APA PA will not distribute or sell any of your information to other parties and by visiting www.planningpa.org you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.
APA PA may update its privacy policy from time to time and use of the information we collect now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time of use. Whenever we make a change, we will post the updated policy at this site. By using our website following the posting of a change in the privacy policy, you consent to the updated policy.
DisclaimerAPA PA expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise the materials on this site, although we may modify the materials at any time without notice.
By your use of this site, you acknowledge that your use is at your own risk and that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of this site. You further acknowledge that APA PA shall not be liable for any damages or any kind related to your use of this site. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold APA PA harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of the site.
Contact Info Pennsylvania Chapter of APA
PO Box 4680
Harrisburg, PA 17111
t: (717) 671-4510
Office hours are 8:00a.m. to 5:00pm Monday through Friday
APA National Headquarters
1776 Massachusetts Ave. NW, Suite 400
Washington, DC, 20036
t: (202) 872-0611
f: (202) 872-0643
122 South Michigan Avenue, Suite 1600
Chicago, IL 60603
t: (312) 431-9100
f: (312) 431-9985
w: www.planning.org