http://www.arm.gov/policies/linking-policies
Policies
ARM.gov Linking Policy
ARM.gov provides links to many websites created and maintained by other public and/or private organizations. ARM.gov provides these links as a service to our users. When users link to an outside website, they leave the ARM.gov site and become subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links on the ARM website must:
provide valuable information and resources related to the gov site subject matter
be well maintained and have a clearly identified maintainer
be presented in a fair and accurate manner
promote the desired skills and knowledge to gain a variety of experiences and to acquire a basic understanding of the subject matter.
No Endorsement
The information posted on the ARM.gov website includes hypertext links or pointers to information created and maintained by other public and/or private organizations. ARM.gov provides these links and pointers solely for our users’ information and convenience. When users select a link to an outside website, they  leave the ARM.gov site and become subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website.
The General Services Administration (GSA) and ARM do not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of information contained on a linked website.
GSA and ARM do not endorse the organizations sponsoring linked websites and we do not endorse the views they express or the products/services they offer.
GSA and ARM cannot authorize the use of copyrighted materials contained in linked websites. Users must request such authorization from the sponsor of the linked website.
GSA and ARM are not responsible for transmissions users receive from linked websites.
GSA and ARM do not guarantee that outside websites comply with Section 508 (Accessibility Requirements) of the Rehabilitation Act.
Reciprocal Linking
ARM does not offer a link exchange program, or link to other websites unless those sites are being directly referenced as a resource for a specific content area on the ARM.gov site.
Prohibitions
ARM.gov will not link to any website that:
exhibits hate, bias, or discrimination
is a list of an individual’s own bookmarks in the topic area
is an advertisement of a commercial vendor’s products or services
contains adult themes or sexually explicit text, images, or photographs
Is an advertisement for liquor, tobacco, or pornographic products.
Furthermore, ARM reserves the right to deny or remove any link that contains misleading information or unsubstantiated claims, or is determined to be in conflict with ARM’s mission or policies.
Website Accessibility (Section 508) Disclaimer
The Atmospheric Radiation Measurement (ARM) user facility is committed to creating high-quality Internet publications that are easily accessible to all users. To meet this commitment, this site is built to comply with the requirements of Section 508. Section 508 requires that individuals with disabilities, who are members of the public seeking information or services from us, have access to and use of information and data that is comparable to that provided to the public who are not individuals with disabilities, unless an undue burden would be imposed on us.
If you use assistive technology (such as a Braille reader, a screen reader, TTY, etc.) and the format of any material on our websites interferes with your ability to access the information, please let us know. Please indicate the nature of your accessibility problem, the preferred format in which to receive the material, the web address of the requested material, and your contact information.
No accessibility warranty or guarantee is made for sites outside the ARM.gov domain to which our websites link, as this is beyond our scope or control.
Note: Although ARM is committed to meeting the needs of all website users, in some cases, the huge amount of data being sorted requires dynamically generated content that depicts data graphically. ARM strives to limit this to instances where the graphical interface is the only way to represent the data clearly and understandably.
Accessibility Aids: Plug-ins and File Viewers
All applets, plug-ins, or other applications required by sites in the ARM.gov domain that are not included on the specific page are found as links from this page.
The following are links are to non-ARM sources. ARM does not endorse any of these products; they are listed below for the convenience of our users. Please address questions about the particular plug-in or file viewer to the respective vendor.
Adobe® Acrobat®
Use Adobe Acrobat to read Portable Document Format (PDF) files.
Adobe® Flash Player®
Files with this extension (SWF) require the Adobe Flash Player.
File Compression Utilities
Zip files are single files, sometimes called “archives,” that contain one or more compressed files. Files with this extension (.zip) may require an application such as WinZip or 7-Zip to open and extract them.
×
Title
OK