https://www.britishgraphology.org/privacy-policy/
HOME
ABOUT
About B.I.G.
What is Graphology?
History of Graphology
Graphology Today
Specialist Services
Specialist Services
Directory of Graphologists
EDUCATION
About Education
Directory of Tutors
About the Diploma
Exams
Tutors By Specialism
Short Course
Technical Dictionary
EVENTS
Forthcoming Events
MEDIA
Media & Resources
Featured Articles
The Graphologist
Articles for Members
Books
Videos
MEMBERSHIP
Login
About Membership
Application
CONTACT
Contact B.I.G.
Our Privacy Policy
Links
Our Privacy Policy
This notice describes the privacy policy of the British Institute of Graphologists. (B.I.G.). In visiting and using www.britishgraphology.org you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Any personal information provided or gathered by B.I.G. is controlled by B.I.G., enquiries@britishgraphology.org. B.I.G. is registered with the ICO (Information Commissioners Office) and has implemented internal controls and procedures designed to ensure compliance with the Data Protection Act of 1998.
Collection and use of personal information about customers
We use the information you give us to deliver services, handle course bookings, communicate with you about bookings and services and keep our records up to date.
Additionally, from time to time, we may contact you in order to provide relevant information and materials about our services. For example, if you contact us requesting information about the B.I.G., we may use your email address and other information you supply to send you information about any new services we provide as they become available.
If you do not wish the B.I.G. to use your personal information for direct marketing of our services, please click the appropriate box on the Contact page.
We also automatically collect data about visitors to our website (for example on browsing patterns) by using cookies.
What are cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that our website transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser, primarily to help us to improve our visitors online experience when using our website  for example by making navigation easier or providing more information where needed. We only use cookies to give us information about the number of visitors to different parts of our website  we do not use them to identify you as an individual.  in line with ICO requirements.
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether.
Does the B.I.G. share the information it receives?
The B.I.G. does not sell information about its customers except as described below:
In the event that the B.I.G. ceased to operate or merged with another organisation.
To comply with the law.
How secure is information about me?
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of customer information. Our personnel who have access to the data have been trained to maintain the confidentiality of such information.
How long is data kept?
The personal information you provide to us will be retained only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected, or as required by law.
Conditions of use, notices and revisions
If you choose to visit www.britishgraphology.org, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Notice and our Terms & Conditions, including limitations on damages and application of the laws of England. If you have any concern about privacy at www.britishgraphology.org, please send a thorough description to B.I.G., enquiries@britishgraphology.org and we will try to resolve it.
As our organisation changes, so may our Privacy Notice. Please check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
NEXT EVENT
Spring Meeting
Saturday 6th March 2021  London
More details under Events  book by email enquiries@britishgraphology.org
BECOME A MEMBER
Join here for access to all our resources, including the latest The Graphologist publication.
Application and renewal form here>
Contact
Tel: 01753 891241
enquiries@britishgraphology.org
The British Institute of Graphologists, Langdale House, Chalfont St Peter, Bucks, SL9 9BW.
 The British Institute of Graphologists  all rights reserved
Website Design, build & SEO by Two Lizards in collaboration with Tracey Trussell M.BIG (Dip)
Specialist Services
Personal Profiling
Compatibility
Human Resources
Career Guidance
Events Radio & TV
GenealogyChildrens Writing
Doodles
Counselling
Tuition
Document Examination
EDUCATION
Free Short Course for Members Only
A must-read for all budding graphologists or for anyone with an interest in this fascinating subject.
Read More >