http://www.mathworksheetscenter.com/help.html
Math Worksheets Center Help Page
Receive free math worksheets by email:
Sort math worksheets by:
Grade level
Skill/Topic
Search
Log-in
Join now and get complete access to:
All our math lessons, math worksheets, and math answer sheets.
A complete K-12 math curriculum for a fraction of the cost!
A math program that you just can't beat!
Home > Help
Answers To Common Questions.
1. As a member, what would I receive?
Unlimited access to all of our materials. Click
here for more detailed explanation of our program and more samples.
2. How much does a membership cost?
$29.97 (U.S. Dollars) per year (365 days). That's
less than a cup of coffee per month.
3. What are your copy right rules?
Members have full right to make copies of any of our materials for all children
and students they are directly responsible for.
Nonmembers are not granted right to make copies of our work. Our free worksheets
are only to be used for evaluation purpose by nonmembers.
4. How often do you add new math materials?
We try to add a new math skill by varied grade level once every 8 to 10
days.
5. Can I become a member from outside the United States?
Yes! If you make a credit card purchase, the currency will be automatically
converted for you.
6. I lost my password. How do I get a reminder?
Just visit our lost
password page.
7. Where can I access my membership from?
You can access your membership for any computer with Internet access.
8. How do start or stop receiving your newsletter?
Our newsletter add me or remove me page can be found here.
9. Can I get a receipt?
A receipt is emailed to you at the time of signup. If you login and click
on "Receipt" you can print it at anytime.
10. Can I have a free trial?
A free trial is built into our site. Within every math skill one of the
printable files is available free of charge. This can be opened and viewed
for personal use by nonmembers. You can also see examples of the complete
package you will receive on our "What
Do Members Get?" page. Due to our extensive free offerings,
we do not offer refunds.
11. How can I get in touch with you?
Just contact us via our contact
page.
12. What is your privacy policy?
We completely respect your privacy. We do not do anything with any information
you have provided us with outside of providing you with the service you
have requested. A complete privacy policy is listed here.
What Do You Get?
My Account
Contact
Help
Math Tips
Site Licenses
Teacher Sites
Resources
About
©Math Worksheets Center, All Rights Reserved.