http://www.my-hebrew-name.com/privacy_policy.php
Privacy Statement for My-Hebrew-Name.com
My-Hebrew-Name.com
has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices for this Web site:
My-Hebrew-Name.com.
Information Automatically Logged
As with many web sites, My-Hebrew-Name.com keeps a basic log of web traffic to the site.
This information does NOT contain any personal information like the name or email address of the visitor, and is only used for general purposes such as finding from which other sites visitors are coming from and which pages they visit at My-Hebrew-Name.com.
Cookies
There is no use of cookies at this site as such cookies are not used in any way to collect personal data of visitors.
Advertisers
We use affiliate programs to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. If they do however,
we do not have access to this information.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites.
My-Hebrew-Name.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Special Relationships
My-Hebrew-Name.com has content partnerships with third parties.
These parties may or may not collect user information from visitors that go to the third parties' sites.
This information is not shared with My-Hebrew-Name.com.
Email Lists
New subscribers to our mailing lists must submit their email address and name only.
This is the minimum information needed to allow us to properly manage the lists, including the removal of people that request it.
This information is not publicly viewable and is not shared with any third parties.
New subscribers must confirm their subscription by email to insure that their name is not maliciously added to the lists.
Personal Information
This Web site does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted, except in those cases mentioned above.
The minimal personal information collected on this Web site is not shared with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes other than those mentioned.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
This information is hidden from the public and is not shared with third parties.
Children's Guidelines
Subscribers must be 13 years or age or older to join any of the the
mailing lists on this site.
This site does not contain materials that are pornographic, violent, or bigoted.
We also strive to insure that the sites we link to meet the same standards.
However, we can not be held responsible for all the content at the sites that we link to, especially if it changes after we add our link.
Contacting My-Hebrew-Name.com
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us via our contact form.
Learn to read Hebrew in 120 Minutes | Online Hebrew Dictionary
Read the Bible (Tanakh) -- in Hebrew |
Online Hebrew Classes | Conversational Hebrew
Learn Hebrew
Get Hebrew wordsfree by email:
Once per day
Every 3 days
Once per week
Name Search
Name:
Gender:
Both
Female
Male
Hebrew Names A-Z
Hebrew Tools and Products
List of Hebrew Names, A-Z
Learn to Read Hebrew
Online Hebrew Dictionary
Learn Biblical Hebrew
Hebrew Name Jewelry
Hebrew Name Certificates
Site Links
Home
About / Help
Accessibility Statement
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Contact Us