https://www.mrr.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home
/ Privacy Policy
This website is brought to you by MR Resources and its subsidiaries (“we” or “us”). We take the privacy of our website users very seriously.
By using our website services, you acknowledge that you have read the terms of this Privacy Statement and you agree to our use of your personal data for the purposes set out below.
For the purposes of the UK Data Protection Act 1998, EU GDPR and the USA CAN-SPAM Act along with other national regulations, we are responsible for, and control the processing of, your personal data (known as “data controllers”).
Personal data we may collect about you
We may obtain personal data about you as follows but not limited to;
such as your name
company name
address
telephone number
email address
payment details
and other information
For example, when you contact us for any reason, fill out a form, sign up to a service, subscribe to our newsletter, register for an event, enter a competition or purchase goods or services.  We may also obtain sensitive personal data about you if you volunteer it during the completion of an online form. If you volunteer such information, you will be consenting to our processing it for the purpose given.
We may monitor your use of this website through the use of cookies and similar tracking technologies. For example, we may monitor how many times you visit, which pages you go to, traffic data, location data and the originating domain name of a user’s internet service provider. This information helps us to build a profile of our users. Some of this data will be aggregated or statistical, which means that we will not be able to identify you individually.
Occasionally we may receive information about you from other sources (such as credit reference agencies), which we will add to the information we already hold about you in order to help us supply goods and services to you.
Privacy Policy was last modified:
May 11th, 2018 by mages9611
To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most websites do this too. Read moreOkay