http://www.eage.org/en/support/eage-privacy-and-cookie-statement
Home
About EAGE
Overview
Divisions
Board
Committees
Regional Councils
Regional Advisors
Employees
Ballot
Support
Local Chapters
Associated Societies
Awards
Photo Gallery
EAGE Green Fund
EurGeol Title
Copyright EAGE materials
Contact
Membership
Join or Renew
Types of Membership
Benefits
Membership Recognition Programme
Special Interest Communities
EAGE Economic Hardship Programme
Terms and Conditions
Events
Calendar of Events
Online Events
Past Events
Publications
Journals
Regional Newsletters
Bookshop
Institutional Subscriptions
Search Publications
Advertising
Publish with EAGE
Education
Students
Corporate Relations
Exhibition
Sponsorship
Advertising
Subscriptions and Education
EU Affairs
Introduction
Work Topics
Funds
Consultations
Career
Recruitment for Companies
Industry Jobs
Recruitment Special
Archives
EarthDoc
Photo Archive
Digital Cumulative Index
UKOGL
Virtual Seismic Atlas
Oilfield Glossary
Worldwide
EAGE Russia CIS
EAGE Middle East
EAGE Asia Pacific
EAGE Latin America
Support
New Account
Login
MyEAGE
Membership
Call for Abstracts
Registration
Invitation Letter
Errors
EAGE Privacy and Cookie Statement
my EAGE
Home
Support
EAGE Privacy and Cookie Statement
Support
New Account
Login
MyEAGE
Membership
Call for Abstracts
Registration
Invitation Letter
Errors
EAGE Privacy and Cookie Statement
EAGE Privacy and Cookie Statement
Last revised: 22 June 2020
Your privacy is important to EAGE. This Privacy and Cookie Statement provides information about the personal data that EAGE collects through its website(s) and/or (registration) forms, and the ways in which EAGE uses that personal data.
For the purpose of this Privacy and Cookie Statement, EAGE is the collective name for the following legal entities:
European Association of Geoscientists and Engineers, EAGE Holding B.V., EAGE Conferences B.V., EAGE Events B.V., EAGE Publications B.V., EAGE Services B.V., EAGE Support B.V., Stichting EAGE Student Fund, EAGE Geomodel OOO, EAGE Americas SAS, EAGE Middle East Fz-LLC, EAGE Asia Pacific Sdn. Bhd.
Personal data collection
When ordering or registering on our website(s) or by filling in a form, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, professional information or other details to help you with your experience.
Using personal data
EAGE may use your personal data:
To communicate with you and to quickly process your transactions.
To personalize user's experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services from EAGE and/or its affiliated companies.
If you become a member: to facilitate EAGE’s (online) global network of commercial and academic professionals.
If you register for and/or participate in an event, field trip or other meeting: we visually document our activities and share photographs and/or film through our website or social media channels. By registering or participating in an event you consent to EAGE using your image, unless you specifically object. This you can do by indicating to the photographer that you do not wish to be recorded or phographed.
If you sign an exhibitor contract: we will forward your contact details to our preferred suppliers for the event.
The use of personal data collected by EAGE is either based on:
Contractual necessity – for instance when EAGE provides you with products and services upon your request.
The legitimate interests EAGE pursues, which essentially comes down to the sharing of information, knowledge and expertise and connecting those working in, studying or otherwise being interested in geosciences and related engineering subjects, as also reflected in EAGE’s mission.
Where appropriate, if you have given your consent for one or more specific purposes – for instance where the sharing of personal data is not covered under this Privacy and Cookie Statement. In such case you can withdraw consent at any time for future processing.
Retention period
The period of time for which your personal data is being stored may depend on the applicable (statutory) retention periods. Furthermore, EAGE will retain your personal data for as long as is necessary in order to provide you with our services. For this purpose, EAGE has based the relevant retention period(s) on return statistics gathered over the years.
Personal data and third parties
Business partners
In order to process your transactions, deliver our products and provide our services to you, EAGE may have to disclose certain personal data to a third party, in which case such third party, amongst others, will have to agree to keep your personal data confidential and secure. This includes affiliated companies, website hosting partners and other parties with whom EAGE cooperates or who assist EAGE in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you.
Members
When you become an EAGE member, certain personal data including your name, email address, function and company details will be visible in the ‘MyEAGE’ area, the private member search area of the EAGE website. You can choose to share more information and easily manage your privacy settings in your account, making information visible or not as you wish.
Event partners and participants
When you register for an event (a course, conference, exhibition, field trip, workshop or other event organized by or in cooperation with EAGE), EAGE may disclose your name, function and company details to the exhibitors, sponsors and other participants in the event, including in the specific event section of EAGE’s website. For certain events, in particular field trips or workshops, it may be necessary for the performance of EAGE’s service (for instance, due to safety requirements) that EAGE discloses your name and contact details to other participants, the party that organizes the event and/or third parties.
Other
Furthermore, EAGE may provide personal data collected in accordance with applicable law and this Privacy and Cookie Statement to third parties as part of a corporate transaction, such as a sale, divestiture, reorganisation, merger or acquisition to which EAGE is a party. This will not affect the rights you have under applicable law, as referred to in the paragraph ‘Your rights’ below.
EAGE may also (have to) release your personal data when necessary in order to comply with a legal obligation, or to protect your, our or others' vital interests.
Other than as mentioned in this Privacy and Cookie Statement, EAGE will not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable data unless EAGE is obliged to do so under applicable law or in case we provide you with advance notice and you have given consent to do this.
Securing your data
EAGE has in place reasonable technical and organisational precautions to protect your personal data and prevent unauthorised access, disclosure, loss, alteration or destruction of your personal data.
EAGE will store all the personal data you provide on secure servers with multiple backup facilities. Your personal data is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
International data use
Your data will exclusively be stored on secure servers within the EU with the exception of members living within the Russian Federation in which case, as by law, the data will also be stored inside the Russian Federation.
In case of transfer of personal data to a country that does not offer an adequate level of privacy protection within the meaning of EU law, EAGE will put in place appropriate safeguards. In such case you will maintain all of your rights and legal remedies as available under EU law.
Please be aware that personal data you submit in the EAGE private member search area on the website may be visible to other registered members around the world.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your device's hard drive through your browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Cookies may be placed by EAGE or by third parties with whom EAGE cooperates.
EAGE uses cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Only with your consent, EAGE makes use of certain analytical and/or third-party cookies. EAGE uses certain Google services to analyse website statistics, to facilitate improved navigation and to manage and measure advertising. Google may use this data to improve its services and provide it to third parties that process data on its behalf or in case Google is legally required to do so. EAGE has no control over this. Data collected and analysed via Google services may be stored on servers located in the United States of America. Google has certified that it adheres to the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework. This consists of a set of rules to which a company or organisation can commit itself in order to ensure compliance with data protection requirements when transferring personal data from the European Union to the United States.
Most browsers allow you to enable cookies or not. If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your device, please set your browsers preferences to disable cookies. If you disable cookies, some features will not work properly. However, you can still place orders.
Social media
Our website contains links to our pages on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. If you visit these pages, cookies from the relevant social media company may be placed. The use of cookies and the collection of personal data by social media companies are governed by the privacy and cookie statements of the relevant companies. We encourage you to review these statements.
We visually document our activities and may share photographs or film through our website or social media channels. These photographs and films may feature participants to the event, exhibitors or other individuals.
Other websites
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. EAGE therefore has no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, EAGE seeks to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites.
Your rights
At any time, you have the right to access your personal data collected by EAGE, or to have them adjusted, removed or transferred by EAGE, if EAGE is allowed to do so under applicable law. You can easily exercise your rights by contacting us. In addition, you have the possibility to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority, which in case of EAGE is the Dutch Data Protection Authority (DPA, de ‘Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens’). More information can be found on the Dutch DPA’s website.
Changes to our Privacy and Cookie Statement
EAGE may modify or amend this Privacy and Cookie Statement from time to time. Such modified or amended statement will be applicable to you and your personal data as of the revision date as mentioned at the top of this statement. We encourage you to regularly review this statement.
Contact EAGE
If you have any questions about this Privacy and Cookie Statement or EAGE treatment of your personal
data, please write, call or email our Head Office in Europe:
Click here for our contact information.