http://www.grameenfoundation.org/privacy-policy
You can light her way out of poverty
For $10 a month, a woman can lift up an entire village. Give today and double your impact.
Give Today
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
GRAMEEN FOUNDATION respects the sensitive nature of any personal information you provide to us. We have created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to the privacy of those who visit our website (grameenfoundation.org the “Site”). This Privacy Policy describes our online information collection, storage and disclosure practices and the choices you have regarding how your personal information is collected and used by us and our e-commerce providers. By accessing and using the Site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of information through the Site as described in this Privacy Policy. Residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), which includes the member states of the European Union (“EU”), should consult the sections of this policy relating to the “Rights of EEA Residents” and “International Data Transfers” for provisions that may apply to them.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. In the event we make changes to this Privacy Policy, such policy will be re-posted in the “Privacy” section of our Site with the date such modifications were made indicated on the top of the page or we may contact you to inform you about the revisions with a link to the revised Privacy Policy. All changes are effective on the date listed at the top of this page and will apply to all information that we have about you. Your continued use of the Site or the services that we provide (“Services”) after any change is posted indicates your acceptance of the changes and your continued consent to our processing of your data. If at any point you do not agree to any portion of the Privacy Policy, then in effect you should immediately stop using the Site and the Services. Because this Privacy Policy contains legal obligations, we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy carefully.
If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy or our information collection, storage, and disclosure practices, please contact us at grameenfoundation.org or mail us at:
Grameen Foundation1400 K Street NW, Suite 550Washington, DC 20005Office Phone: 1 (202) 628-3560USA
Personal Data That We Collect and How We Use It
What Private Data Do We Collect?
GRAMEEN FOUNDATION collects personal data about you when you visit the Site. “Personal Data” is information that may be used to directly or indirectly identify you, including your name, e-mail address, phone number or other information about you. The majority of such Personal Data is collected when you sign up for our newsletter, participate in our blog or otherwise provide us with your contact information.
To carry out our mission and with express written consent, in general, the type of Personal Data we collect includes, but is not limited to:
Personal information about clients benefiting from Grameen Foundation’s programsOrganizational data from institutions that Grameen Foundation works withInformation to track our loans and investments, such as financial reporting and annual financial statementsInformation from individuals interested in entering our Bankers without Borders® database of potential volunteersData such as IP addresses, locations, and other information from visitors on our websitePersonal data from our donorsPersonal information to access certain features on our website that allow you to send and receive information to and from us and to donate to us (credit card information is collected and processed through payment gateways such as Authorize.net or Paypal, depending on the choice of payment) for internal tracking of personnel and financial operationsWhy Do We Collect Private Data?
GRAMEEN FOUNDATION is a non-governmental organization whose charitable mission is to help the world’s poorest—especially women—improve their lives and escape poverty by providing them with access to appropriate financial services, life-changing information, and unique income-generating opportunities.
We collect and otherwise use private data from our clients for the specific purpose of furthering our charitable mission. GRAMEEN FOUNDATION does not collect or otherwise use private data without legal authorization, contractual obligation and/or our clients’ express written consent.
The information we collect helps us to deliver on our mission because we can: (1) design and improve products and services that meet our clients’ needs; (2) monitor the effectiveness of our programs so that we, our investors, local governments and our other third-party partners know who we are reaching with our products and services and where we need to improve our outreach; (3) evaluate individual skill sets and match them to corresponding needs in the field; (4) track health or agricultural information of our clients so we can give them (or their health care providers) relevant and useful information; (5) monitor our investments; (6) conduct research in the aggregate to understand our global and regional poverty outreach; and (7) track personnel and financial operations for internal purposes.
With Whom Do We Share Private Data?
GRAMEEN FOUNDATION will never sell, rent or trade personal data collected from you, online or offline, with third parties. We may use your IP address and Cookies to understand our audience better and understand how we can connect with you to further deliver on our mission. When required by law, we may disclose personal information to fight fraud or to protect the rights or property of Grameen Foundation, our clients, our donors or others.
Transfer of Private Data
In connection with any of the uses or sharing of private data described in this Privacy Policy, we may transfer our clients’ private data internationally, to an organization outside the country in which the information is collected. GRAMEEN FOUNDATION will follow all data protection protocols required by applicable local laws.
Security
GRAMEEN FOUNDATION is committed to protecting your private data against unlawful destruction, accidental loss or alteration, or unauthorized disclosure or access. First, we only collect and otherwise use private data that is relevant to, proportional to and in furtherance of the charitable purposes for which it is obtained. Second, we do not store your personal or sensitive information any longer than is necessary to satisfy those purposes. Third, when we store or otherwise use your personal or sensitive information, we use reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards that are designed to protect and secure private data adequately.
For example: When you donate to the GRAMEEN FOUNDATION via our website, your donation information is encrypted and transmitted by way of a secure connection. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect user-information we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from the Site. You engage in such transmissions at your risk. If you believe your Personal Data is being improperly used by us or any third party, please immediately notify us via email at https://grameenfoundation.org.
All sensitive information is securely stored. We ensure that the entities with whom we share our clients’ private data have agreed to provide sufficient guarantees, in compliance with local law, to secure and protect that data.
We annually audit our Privacy Policy to ensure internal compliance, to ensure compliance with local law, and to make any modifications to the Policy that may be necessary.
Your Privacy Rights
You have a right to access and control your private data that we have collected and stored. Accordingly, you may ask at reasonable intervals for a copy of any personal or sensitive information about you that we have collected and stored. We will provide you with a copy with reasonable promptness and at no expense. You may also ask that we correct, update or delete any of your private data by sending an email to dataprivacy@grameenfoundation.org.
Social Networks
If you choose to connect to our Sites through a third-party social network such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google+, LinkedIn, Pinterest and other networks (each, a “Social Network”), we may collect Personal Data from your profile on such Social Network, such as your name, user name, and e-mail address. Also, our Sites offer features that will allow you to share information from our Sites to a Social Network or share information from our Social Network sites. If you decide to use such features, they may allow the sharing and collection of information both to and from such Social Network so you should check the privacy policy of each Social Network before using such features.
Non-Identifiable Data and Aggregated Personal Data
Regardless of whether you submit information to us, GRAMEEN FOUNDATION may send one or more “cookies” to your computer. Cookies are small text files placed on your web browser when you visit our Site that store information on your computer, such as your Site preferences. We use cookies when you sign in to keep track of your session. We also use cookies to track your activity on the Site as a unique person. For security purposes, all of this information is stored in encrypted form. This data may be used to display information about our charitable work on websites operated by third parties.
You can set your web browser to inform you when cookies are set, or to prevent cookies from being set altogether. Please note, however, that if you decline to use cookies, you may experience reduced functionality and slower site response times.
GRAMEEN FOUNDATION or our service providers, including Google Analytics, may also collect web surfing data related to your use of the Site. Such information may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, and internet service provider (ISP); your operating system; which of our web pages you access and how frequently you access them; referral or exit pages; clickstream data; and the dates and times that you visit the Site. This data may be collected using cookies, web beacons, page tags or similar tools. As with cookies, the web surfing information is anonymous, “click stream” transactional data that is not associated with any users as individuals.
Web surfing data and similar information may be aggregated for administrative purposes. GRAMEEN FOUNDATION may, for example, use this aggregated information in the administration of the Site to improve its usability and to evaluate the success of particular marketing and advertising campaigns, search engine optimization strategies, and other marketing activities. We also use it to help optimize the Site based on the needs of our users.
How and When Your Information Is Shared With Other Parties
GRAMEEN FOUNDATION does not sell, trade or license Personal Data about its users for marketing purposes. We do, however, work with several trusted partners who perform vital functions as part of our operations. We do not share your Personal Data unless it is necessary to fulfill our responsibilities, including providing information or Services to you.
Additional Sharing of Information
We may engage third parties to help us carry out certain other internal functions or other data collection relevant to our business. Personal Data is shared with these third parties only to the extent necessary for us to process the transactions you initiate or perform other specific services. Our partners are legally required to keep your data private and secure.
We may share your data with law enforcement or other government agencies as required by law or to limit fraud. We reserve the right to disclose your Data when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process. We further reserve the right to disclose any of your Personal Data that we believe, in good faith, appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of the Site or our services, or to protect the rights, property or personal safety of GRAMEEN FOUNDATION, its users, issuers, or others.
We will not share your Personal Data if such sharing is prohibited by applicable privacy and data protection law, including, without limitation, the EEA’s General Data Protection Regulation effective May 25, 2018.
EEA Residents
This section of the Privacy Policy applies to residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). The EEA consists of the member states of the European Union, i.e., Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom, and Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. This section also applies to residents of Switzerland and, in the event of its departure from the EU, residents of the United Kingdom. Residents of the EEA and Switzerland are referred to here as “EEA Residents.”
From May 25, 2018, all processing of Personal Data of EEA Residents is performed by GRAMEEN FOUNDATION by the General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons regarding the processing of Personal Data and the free movement of such data (“GDPR”).
Under the GDPR, GRAMEEN FOUNDATION is both the controller and a co-processor of the Personal Data of EEA Residents. GRAMEEN FOUNDATION’s purpose for collecting and processing Personal Data from EEA Residents is to authenticate subscription to our mailing lists and to provide information about our Services. The legal basis for collecting Personal Data for subscribing to our e-mail lists is your consent. You may withdraw consent for obtaining such communications by following the “Unsubscribe” instructions on any or by contacting us at https://grameenfoundation.org. EEA Residents may obtain information about the Personal Data that GRAMEEN FOUNDATION holds about them by contacting GRAMEEN FOUNDATION at https://grameenfoundation.org.
Residents may obtain information about the Personal Data that GRAMEEN FOUNDATION holds about them by contacting GRAMEEN FOUNDATION at https://grameenfoundation.org.
International Data Transfers
If you are a resident outside the United States, including in the EEA, we transfer Personal Data provided by you for processing in the United States. Under the GDPR, GRAMEEN FOUNDATION is considered a “controller” and a “co-processor” of the Personal Data of EEA Residents. By providing Personal Data to GRAMEEN FOUNDATION to obtain Services, you consent to the processing of such data in the United States.
Please note that the United States does not have data protection laws equivalent to those in the EEA and other jurisdictions.
Notifications and Communications from Our Site
Communications Regarding Our Services
We will send you notifications by email and free newsletters from time to time with updates, donation requests, and other information. Some notifications are communications relating to us and our Services. You may “opt-out” from receiving such communications by following the “Unsubscribe” instructions provided in the e-mail.
Legal or Security Communications
We also send out notices that are required for legal or security purposes. For example, certain notifications are sent for your protection. In other cases, these notifications involve changes to various legal agreements, such as the Privacy Policy or Terms of Service. Generally, you may not opt-out of such emails.
Updating or Deleting Your Information
You may contact us any time to review the personal information we have on file and or to request corrections at:
Development DepartmentGrameen Foundation1400 K Street NW, Suite 550Washington, DC 20005(202) 628-3560info@grameenfoundation.org
Also, if you signed up to receive any of our online newsletters or communications, you received a welcome message immediately after you signed up. It contains a web address where you can access and update your online account information. If you do allow others, including family or household members, to access GRAMEEN FOUNDATION members-only services, please understand that you are responsible for the actions of those individuals.
If you want us to delete your Personal Data, please contact us at grameenfoundation.org
with your request. We will take steps to delete your information as soon as we can, but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.
Personal Data Retention
We retain the Personal Data we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
Links to Other Sites
If you follow any links that direct you away from the Site, including links to social media sites or other websites, among others, this Privacy Policy will not apply to your activity on the other sites you visit. We do not control the privacy policies or the privacy practices of any third parties.
Privacy in Submitted Materials
If you submit any information to us, including through our blog, such information may be displayed on the Site, including the comments that you provide. By submitting such information, you forego any privacy rights in such materials. Please consult the Terms of Service for other conditions relating to the submission of materials to GRAMEEN FOUNDATION.
Children Under 13
This Site is restricted to the use of adults over the age of majority in their place of residence. No portion of the Site is directed to children under the age of 13. Consequently, we do not knowingly collect personal identifying information from any person we know is a child under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age and you believe your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us at grameenfoundation.org.
Do Not Track
Although some browsers currently offer a “do not track (‘DNT’) option,” no common industry standard for DNT exists. We, therefore, do not currently commit to responding to browsers’ DNT signals.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under certain circumstances, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 states that, upon receipt of a request by a California customer, a business may be required to provide information regarding how that business has shared personal information of customers with third parties for direct marketing purposes. However, the foregoing does not apply to businesses like ours that do not disclose personal information to third parties for direct marketing.
Your Rights and Obligations
We ask that you keep the Personal Data that you provide to us currently and that you correct any information you have provided us by contacting us at grameenfoundation.org. You represent and warrant that all Personal Data you provide us is true and correct and relates to you and not to any other person.mIf you are a resident of the EEA and wish to access or correct the Personal Data that GRAMEEN FOUNDATION has about you or have any questions relating to the processing of your Personal Data, please contact us at grameenfoundation.org with the subject line “GDPR Data.”
If you use the Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and for restricting access to your computer or device, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account.
Notice to contributors:
FLORIDA: A copy of the official registration and financial information may be obtained from the Division of Consumer Services by calling toll-free, within the state, 1-800-HELP-FLA. Registration does not imply endorsement, approval or recommendation by the state.
MARYLAND: For the cost of postage and copying, documents and information filed under the Maryland charitable organizations laws can be obtained from the Secretary of State, Charitable Division, State House, Annapolis, MD 21401.
MICHIGAN: Grameen Foundation USA’s Michigan registration number is: MICS 24720.
NEW JERSEY: Information filed with the Attorney General concerning this charitable solicitation may be obtained from the Attorney General of the State of New Jersey by calling (973) 504-6215. Registration with the Attorney General does not imply endorsement.
NEW YORK: A copy of the latest annual report can be obtained by writing to Grameen Foundation USA, 1400 K Street NW, Suite 550, Washington, DC 20005 or from the Office of the Attorney General by writing the Charities Bureau, 120 Broadway, New York, NY 10271.
NORTH CAROLINA: Financial information about Grameen Foundation USA and a copy of its license are available from the State Solicitation Licensing Branch at 1 (919) 807-2214. The license is not an endorsement by the state.
PENNSYLVANIA: The official registration and financial information of Grameen Foundation USA may be obtained from the Pennsylvania Department of State by calling toll free, within Pennsylvania, 1 (800) 732-0999. Registration does not imply endorsement.
VIRGINIA: Financial statements are available from the State Division of Consumer Affairs, P.O. Box 1163, Richmond, VA 23218.
WASHINGTON: Grameen Foundation USA is registered with the Secretary of State, information relating to our financial affairs is available from the Secretary of State, and the toll-free number for Washington residents is: 1 (800) 332-4483.
WEST VIRGINIA: West Virginia residents may obtain a summary of the registration and financial documents from the Secretary of State, State Capitol, Charleston, WV 25305. Registration does not imply endorsement.
The best way to fight poverty is together.
Contact Us