http://www.jobsfit4u.com/terms_of_use
Find the Right Job that Fits
Login   |
Browse Jobs by Location   |
About Job Matching
Terms of Use
THIS PAGE STATES THE "TERMS AND CONDITIONS" UNDER WHICH YOU MAY USE JOBS FIT 4 U.COM INC. WEB SITE AND THE SERVICES OFFERED THEREIN (SOMETIMES REFERRED TO HEREIN AS THE "WEB SITE"). PLEASE READ THIS PAGE CAREFULLY. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS STATED HERE, DO NOT USE THE WEB SITE. BY USING THIS WEB SITE, YOU ARE INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. JOBS FIT 4 U. COM INC. (THE "COMPANY") MAY REVISE THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AT ANY TIME BY UPDATING THIS POSTING. YOU SHOULD VISIT THIS PAGE PERIODICALLY TO REVIEW THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, BECAUSE THEY ARE BINDING ON YOU. THE TERMS "YOU" AND "CUSTOMER" AS USED HEREIN REFER TO ALL INDIVIDUALS AND/OR ENTITIES ACCESSING THIS WEB SITE FOR ANY REASON. THE TERM "POST" REFERS TO THE POSTING OF INFORMATION TO THE WEB SITE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
SERVICE
The Company shall provide you with the service that you have elected to receive on the membership form. The Customer agrees to pay the charges according to the payment schedule as set out in the membership form as consideration for the service provided by the Company. The Customer undertakes the responsibility for all applicable taxes including those not charged by Company.
FEE SCHEDULE FOR CANDIDATES/JOB SEEKERS
There are NO charges for Candidates to register a profile, complete a profile or apply to a job on this site.
FEE SCHEDULE FOR EMPLOYERS
There are NO charges to Employers to post jobs. A valid credit card is required to register as a user prior to posting jobs. Employers will be charged $5 for every candidate that applies to an Employer’s active job posting. Employers can deactivate any of their job postings at any time. All fees are payable within twenty-one (21) days and paid for with your credit card (Visa or MasterCard). Failure to keep your account in good standing will result in your account termination.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
From the first day the Customer uses the service, all Customers who wish to post their own resumes, profile, work history and education history with the genuine intention of gaining employment are considered "Candidates". The services offered by Company on the Web Site are free to all Candidates. Service is provided to the Customer at the sole discretion of the Company, who may at any time terminate the account of the Customer upon the return to that customer of the pro rata share of the amount, if any, by which the Customer has prepaid for the use of the services provided on the Web Site. Failure to comply with any part of these terms and conditions by the Customer will be considered a breach and may result, at the Company's discretion, in immediate service termination without a refund. The Company is not responsible for any representation or damages that arise either directly or indirectly as a result of any candidate information, recruiter information, employer/ human resources information posted on the website, including and not limited to job postings, resumes, corporate information, splits, emails or any other correspondence between the parties.
USE OF MATERIAL
The Company authorizes Customer to view and download a single copy of the material on the Web Site solely for its personal, noncommercial use. The contents of the Web Site, such as text, graphics, images and other material (collectively the "Material"), are protected by copyright under both Canadian, United States and foreign laws. Unauthorized use of the Material will violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Customer must not alter the Material in any way, including with respect to the removal of any copyright or other proprietary notices contained therein. Customer may not sell the Material or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, communicate to the public by way of telecommunication, or otherwise use the Material in any way for any public or commercial purpose. The use of the Material on any other Web site or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. Customer shall not copy or adapt the HTML that Company creates to generate its pages. All HTML or other computer languages used to create or generate the Web Site is protected by copyright.
ACCEPTABLE SITE USE
Specific Prohibited Uses. The Web Site may be used only for lawful purposes by individuals seeking employment, employers seeking employees, and recruiters seeking candidates. The Company specifically prohibits any use of the Web Site, and requires all Customers to agree not to use the Web Site, for any of the following:
Posting any incomplete, false or inaccurate information;
Posting non-resume information such as opinions or notices, commercial or otherwise;
Responding to any employment opportunity for any reason except to apply for the employment opportunity;
Communicating with Customers for the purpose of diverting those Customers to a website or service which competes with the Company;
Posting any franchise, pyramid scheme, "club membership", distributorship or sales representative agency arrangement or other business opportunity which requires an up front or periodic payment, pays commissions only (no significant salary), requires recruitment of other members, sub-distributors or sub-agents; and
Deleting or revising any material posted by any other person or entity.
Web Site Security Rules. Customers are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Web Site, including, without limitation:
accessing data not intended for such Customer or logging into a server or account which Customer is not authorized to access;
attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization;
attempting to interfere with service to any Customer, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Web Site, overloading, "flooding", "mailbombing" or "crashing";
sending unsolicited e-mail, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services, or
forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. Company will investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting any party who is involved in such violations.
General Rules. Customers may not use the Web Site in order to transmit, distribute, store or destroy Material:
in violation of any applicable law or regulation;
in a manner that will infringe the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of others or violate the privacy or publicity of other personal rights of others;or
that is libelous, obscene, threatening, abusive or hateful in the sole discretion of Company.
JOBS FIT 4 U.COM INC.'S LIABILITY
The Material included on the Web Site may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. The Company makes no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the Web Site or the Material. The Web Site and Material are provided on an `as is' basis without any warranties of any kind. The Company, to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaims all warranties, including the warranty of merchantability, non-infringement of third parties rights, and the warranty of fitness for particular purpose. Further, the Company makes no representation that the use of the Web Site will result in the Customer either finding the employment opportunity they seek or in the Customer finding the employee they seek. The use of the Web Site and the Material is at the Customer's own risk. Changes are periodically made to the Web Site and may be made at any time without notice to the Customer. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Customer is solely responsible for the form, content and accuracy of any resume or Material contained therein placed by Customer on the Web Site. Any reliance placed by a Customer on material posted by other Customers is at the Customer's own risk. The Company is not considered to be an employer of any Customer notwithstanding the Customer's use of the Web Site and Company shall not be responsible for any employment decisions, for whatever reason, made by any entity positing jobs on the Web Site. Company makes no representation or warranty that the Web Site will operate error- free or that its Web Site and its server are free of computer viruses or other harmful mechanisms. If Customer's use of the Web Site or the material results in the need for servicing or replacing of Customer's equipment or data, Company is not responsible for those costs. All responsibility and liability for any damages caused by viruses contained within the electronic files of this site are hereby disclaimed in accordance with the terms herein.
DISCLAIMER OF CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
In no event shall Company, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned at this Web Site be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitations, incidental and consequential damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use or inability to use the web site and the material, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not Company is advised of the possibility of such damages. User Submissions. Customer is responsible for its own communications with any party it encounters as a result of Customer's use of the Web Site. Customer must not do the following things: post material that is copyrighted, unless Customer is the copyright owner or has the permission of the copyright owner to post it, which permission must be submitted in writing to the Company for review in advance of the material to which it relates being posted on the Web Site; post material that reveals trade secrets, unless Customer owns them or has the permission of the owner which permission must be submitted in writing to Company for review in advance of the material to which it relates being posted on the Web Site; post material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of other or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; post material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another Customer or any other person or entity; post a sexually-explicit image; post advertisements or solicitations of business; post chain letters or pyramid schemes; or impersonate another person. Company does not screen communications in advance and is not responsible for screening or monitoring material posted by Customers. If notified by a Customer of communications which allegedly do not conform to the terms and conditions herein, Company may investigate the allegation and determine in its sole discretion whether or not to remove or request the removal of the communication. Company has no liability or responsibility to Customers for performance or non performance of such activities. Company reserves the right to expel Customers and prevent their further access to the Web Site for violating the terms and conditions herein or the law, and to remove communications which are, in Company's sole opinion, abusive, illegal, or disruptive.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The Web Site contains links to third party Web Sites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by Company of the contents on such third-party Web sites. Company is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third-party Web Sites. If you decide to access linked third-party Web Sites, you do so at your own risk. Company disclaims any responsibility of any site which Customer links to and has material on it that offends Customer in any way.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
The aggregate liability of Company to you, if any, for all claims arising from the use of the Materials or this Web Site is limited to $100 CDN.
INDEMNITY
Customer agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Company, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees against Company, alleging or resulting from Customer's use of the Material or breach of the terms of this Agreement. Company shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding but shall not assist you in any way in defending any such claim, suit or proceeding.
USER INFORMATION
Company may use the information it obtains relating to you, including your IP address, name, mailing address, email address and use of the Web Site, for its internal business and marketing purposes in accordance with its privacy policy. In addition to the terms and conditions that may be set forth in any privacy policy on this Web Site, you understand and agree that the Company may disclose to third parties, on an anonymous basis, certain aggregate information contained in your registration application. The Company will not disclose to any third party your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number without your prior consent, except to the extent necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws or in legal proceedings where such information is relevant.
GENERAL
The JOBS FIT 4 U.COM INC. Web Site is based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Company makes no claims the Materials are appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States and Canada. Access to the Materials may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Web Site from outside of the United States and Canada, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of Canada. Jurisdiction for any claims arising under this agreement shall lie exclusively with the provincial courts in Ontario, Canada. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions are found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. Except as expressly provided in a particular "Legal Notice," or Software License or material on particular Web pages, these Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Company with respect to the use of Web Site. Any changes to these Terms and Conditions must be made in writing and posted to the Web Site by an authorized representative of the Company.
If you have any questions about this page, send your request to
info@jobsfit4u.com.
JOBSfit4U.com (North America)        JOBSfit4U.fr (Europe - French)
Questions? Email info@jobsfit4u.com | About Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
| Follow us on:
Copyright © 2010 JOBSfit4U.com Inc. All Rights Reserved.