https://www.chromatography-online.org/privacy-policy.html
Categories
About
How to Order
Testimonials
Delivery
Contact
Categories
Privacy Policy
We are committed to respecting private information about visitors to our site. This Privacy Policy explains some of the steps we take to protect your privacy.
Obtaining private information
We receive private information about you, including information that you provide when you send us an email or place an order online. “Personal information” means any information that can be used to identify a person, such as a name or an email address.
Use of private information
Personal information obtained through our site is used, among other things, for the purposes of delivering orders and improving our site, tracking policies and statistics on site use, as well as for the purposes permitted by you. We also use personal information to communicate with you in other ways. For example, if you send us a message through this site, we may use your personal information to respond to it. We also use personal information to inform you about material changes to this Privacy Policy.
From time to time, we may invite users to provide information in the form of surveys or questionnaires. Participation in such surveys or subscription lists is completely voluntary, therefore, the site user can decide whether to disclose the information requested. In addition to the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, contact information obtained in connection with surveys or questionnaires is used to communicate the results of surveys or questionnaires to you and to monitor or improve your use and increase your satisfaction with this site.
Disclosure of private information
We employ other companies that, on our behalf, provide services such as processing and delivering information, posting information on this site, delivering goods, performing statistical analysis. In order for these companies to provide these services, we may provide them with personal information, however, they will be allowed to get only the personal information that they need to provide the services. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of this information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose.
We may use or disclose your personal data for other reasons, including, if necessary, in order to comply with the requirements of the law or court decisions, to protect our rights or property, to protect the personal safety of users of our website or members of the general public, to ensure compliance with the Terms of Use of our site or other agreements, in order to investigate or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities in connection with corporate transactions such as divestitures, mergers, consolidations, sale of assets, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, or otherwise purposes in accordance with your consent.
We may disclose the content of messages or letters, but we will not post or publish personal information, and, except as provided in this Privacy Policy, such information will not be provided to third parties providing services without your consent. We will not sell, rent or lease our user lists with email addresses to third parties.
Access to personal information
If, after providing information to this site, you decide that you do not want your Personal Information to be used for any purpose, you can exclude yourself from the list of subscribers by contacting us.
Our non-personal information practice
We may collect non-personal information about your visit to the site, including the pages you view, the links you select, and other actions in connection with your use of our site. In addition, we may collect certain standard information that your browser sends to any site you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, time spent on the site, and the address of the corresponding website.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small text file placed on your hard drive by our server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by us. No data collected by us in this way can be used to identify a site visitor. Cookies cannot be used to launch programs or to infect your computer with viruses. We use cookies to control the use of our site, collect non-personal information about our users, save your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to enter the same information over and over again, as well as for the purpose of displaying your personalized content during your subsequent visits to our site. This information is also used for statistical research aimed at adjusting the content in accordance with the preferences of users.
Aggregated information
We may combine the personal information you provide and personal information provided by other users in an unidentifiable format, thus creating aggregated data. We plan to analyze aggregated data mainly for the purpose of tracking trends. We do not link aggregated user data with personal information, so aggregated data cannot be used to contact or identify you. We will use usernames instead of actual names in the process of generating aggregated data and analysis. For statistical purposes and for the purpose of tracking group trends, anonymous aggregated data may be provided to other companies with which we interact.
Links to other sites
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by this website. This site may contain links to other sites that are not owned by us or controlled by us. We are not responsible for the privacy policy used by such sites. When you leave our site, you should read the privacy statement of each site that collects personal information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes or additions to this Privacy Policy from time to time – in whole or in part. We encourage you to periodically review our Privacy Policy in order to be informed about how we protect your personal information. This is the latest version of the Privacy Policy. In many cases, when we make changes to the Privacy Policy, we also change the date at the beginning of the Privacy Policy, however, we may not send you other notifications of changes. However, if there are material changes, we will notify you either by posting a prior noticeable announcement of such changes or by directly sending you an email notification. Your continued use of this site and access to it constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us using the Contact Us section.
Best Products
Allergy
Anti Fungal
Anti-Depressants
Antibiotics
Asthma
Birth Control
Erectile Dysfunction
Eye Drop
Quit Smoking
Women’s Health