http://www.ase.org.uk/terms
You are hereHome » Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Use of the ASE's website pages constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions. All queries concerning any of the above should be referred to info@ase.org.uk
Your right to privacy is important to us. We try hard to ensure a fair balance between your personal privacy and ensuring you obtain full value from our site and learn of things you are likely to be interested in. ASE will not collect any information from you except that required for processing your enquiries or orders or for communications you have requested.
AccessibilityAccessibility
The ASE is committed to providing accessible services for everyone regardless of their ability we recognise that our website is one of our main communication tools in connecting members and providing information about the Association, we are committed to ensuring that everyone can use it.
Our Commitment
New media technologies are always developing and changing at a fast pace, however, we are committed to the following broad principles when developing our website:
Following standards: ASE’s website should comply with accessibility standards in commissioning, editorial, design and coding. These standards include the W3C Web Accessibility Initiative.
Ensure that it is designed for use with assistive technologies: our online media will work well with technologies such as software page readers.
Guidelines
The accessibility guidelines we are committed to following include:
Using an easy to read web font type.
Ability for users to control text sizes via browser.
Ensuring suitable foreground and background colour contrast on text
Using clear and simple grammar.
Providing meaningful alternative text equivalents for pictures.
Providing a straight forward and consistent site navigation.
Ensuring the target of each link is clearly defined.
Providing a sitemap.
Using appropriate structural mark-up to maximise browser support.
Ensuring all content and functionality is available to users without content style sheet (CSS), image and script support.
Need Further Assistance?
Although we are testing this site on an ongoing basis, it’s your experience of using this website which ultimately counts. We are committed to try our best to solve problems as we are made aware of them.
Please don’t hesitate to let us know if there are things you find difficult or if you have constructive feedback email info@ase.org.uk
Code of ConductASE's Code of Professional Conduct
The Code of Professional Conduct will apply to all ASE members and to ASE staff.  It shall also apply equally to interactions between members and in dealings ASE members/staff may have with representatives of other organisations and professional bodies.  It is designed to avoid any behaviour that could damage the reputation of the Association.
Professional values
Members shall:
conduct their professional activities ethically and with integrity;
show respect for others and oppose prejudice to safeguard equality of opportunity regardless of gender, marital status, religion, colour, race, ethnicity, class, sexual orientation, disability and age;
act fairly and honestly in all situations and never engage in corrupt practices;
be sensitive to the values, interests and opinions of other individuals/ groups, both within ASE and the wider community.
Professional behaviour
Members shall:
demonstrate and promote fair and reasonable standards in the treatment of people who are operating within their sphere of influence;
ensure that their professional judgment is not compromised nor could be perceived as being compromised because of bias, or the undue influence of others;
make professional judgements and offer opinions that are based on evidence and with due regard for objectivity, reliability and the limitations of their professional expertise;
accept majority decisions with good grace;
treat all information with the appropriate level of confidentiality and act accordingly in relation to disclosure to others;
endeavour to promote the interests of and maintain the dignity and welfare of the Association and the science teaching profession.
Professional responsibilities
Members shall:
maintain a broad and up to date understanding of regulations and requirements in their field of expertise;
be mindful of the distinction between acting in a personal and professional/corporate capacity;
act in a professional manner when dealing with the media in all its forms only commenting on matters which fall within their area of expertise and taking care to distinguish between statements of fact and expressions of opinion;
act in a way which supports and upholds the reputation of the Association for Science Education or other related professional organisations.
Where members/staff are of the opinion that the code has been broken they should report this.  If an individual considers that s/he has been affected by the non-adherence of a member or member of staff they should report as follows:
staff report to their line manger
members report to the Chair of the Association
The Trustee Body of the Association may take action where they believe the code has been broken. Any action(s)/sanctions agreed will be within the Rules of the Association.
Should issues not be dealt with to the satisfaction of a member then they should refer to the ASE Complaints Procedure; staff should use the ‘Discipline and Grievance’ policy set out within the employee’s handbook.
This code of conduct has been produced by the professional Quality and Audit Committee and is reviewed annually.
Complaints PolicyComplaints Policy
ASE views complaints as an opportunity to learn and improve for the future, as well as a chance to put things right for the person or organisation that has made the complaint.
Making a complaint
Written complaints may be sent to ASE at College lane, Hatfield, Hertfordshire, AL10 9AA; or by e-mail at info@ase.org.uk
Verbal complaints may be made by phone to 01707 283000, in person to any member of ASE staff, volunteer or trustee at the above address or at any of our events/activities.
Complaint procedure
We aim to acknowledge your complaint within 10 working days.
Our policy is:
To provide a fair complaints procedure that is clear and easy to use for anyone wishing to make a complaint.
To publicise the existence of our complaints procedure so that people know how to contact us to make a complaint.
To make sure everyone at ASE knows what to do if a complaint is received.
To make sure all complaints are investigated fairly and in a timely way.
To make sure that complaints are, wherever possible, resolved and that relationships are repaired.
To gather information which helps us to improve what we do.
Definition of a Complaint
A complaint is any expression of dissatisfaction, whether justified or not, about any aspect of ASE.
Where Complaints Come From
Complaints may come from any of our stakeholders which includes, but is not limited to, Members, Clients, Donors, Customers, Suppliers, Volunteers and anyone who deals with or is affected by ASE.
A complaint may be received verbally, by phone, by email or in writing.
Confidentiality
All complaint information will be handled sensitively, informing only those who need to know and will follow any relevant data protection requirements.
Responsibility
Overall responsibility for this policy and its implementation lies with the Trustees through the Chief Executive.
Copyright and liabilityCopyright notice and permissions
Other than as permitted by the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988, no part of the website materials may be copied without the prior written permission of the ASE or the copyright holder concerned. You may download the content only for your own personal, non-commercial educational purposes, provided that the source is acknowledged.
Liability for Content
The information on this site is provided on an "as is" basis and the ASE cannot guarantee its accuracy. The ASE shall have no responsibility or liability with respect to any loss or damage arising from the information or the use of information contained on these pages or information on pages linked to this site.
The ASE provides links from its site to the sites of other organisations or institutions for informational purposes only. The links in no way imply any endorsement of these sites or views portrayed on these sites.
Data Protection PolicyAssociation for Science Education (ASE)
Last updated
21st May 2018
Definitions
Association
means The Association for Science Education (ASE), a registered charity number 313123, OSCR SC042473 and RC000805.
GDPR
means the General Data Protection Regulation. (GDPR) EU 2016/679
Responsible Person
means the Chief Executive Officer, who will have responsibility for data protection within ASE.
Register of Systems
means a register of all systems or contexts in which personal data is processed by ASE.
Data Controller
ASE is the Data Controller.
Data Protection Officer (DPO)
The GDPR introduces a duty to appoint a DPO if you are a public authority, or if you carry out certain types of processing activities. ASE does not fall into any of these categories.
1. Data protection principles
ASE has been complying with the 1998 Data Protection Act (DPA) that sets out rules for processing personal information. It gives certain rights to individuals and it also says that those who record and use personal information must adhere to eight data protection principles.
ASE is the Data Controller under the Act, which means that it determines what purposes personal information held, will be used for. It is also responsible for notifying the Information Commissioner of the data it holds or is likely to hold, and the general purposes that this data will be used for.
From 25th May 2018, the Association is also committed to processing data in accordance with its responsibilities under the GDPR.
Article 5 of the GDPR requires that personal data will be:
processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner in relation to individuals;
collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes; further processing for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes will not be considered to be incompatible with the initial purposes;
adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed;
accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; every reasonable step must be taken to ensure that personal data that are inaccurate, having regard to the purposes for which they are processed, are erased or rectified without delay;
kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed; personal data may be stored for longer periods insofar as the personal data will be processed solely for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes subject to implementation of the appropriate technical and organisational measures required by the GDPR in order to safeguard the rights and freedoms of individuals; and
processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organisational measures.”
2. General provisions
This policy applies to all personal data processed by the Association.
The Responsible Person will take responsibility for ASE’s ongoing compliance with this policy.
This policy will be reviewed at least annually.
ASE is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office as an organisation that processes personal data.
3. Lawful, fair and transparent processing
To ensure its processing of data is lawful, fair and transparent, ASE will use appropriate systems and maintain a Register of Systems appropriate to the size and nature of the organisation.
The systems will be reviewed at least annually.
Individuals have the right to access their personal data and any such requests made to the Association will be dealt with in a timely manner.
ASE will, through appropriate management and strict application of criteria and controls ensure that everyone processing personal information understands that they are contractually responsible for following good data protection practice and is appropriately trained and supervised.
4. Lawful purposes
All data processed by ASE must be done on one of the following lawful bases: consent, contract, legal obligation, vital interests, public task or legitimate interests (see ICO guidance for more information).
Where consent is relied upon as a lawful basis for processing data, evidence of opt-in consent will be kept with the personal data.
Where communications are sent to individuals based on their consent, the option for the individual to revoke their consent should be clearly available and systems should be in place to ensure such revocation is reflected accurately in the ASE’s systems.
5. Data minimisation
ASE will ensure that personal data is adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which it is processed.
6. Accuracy
ASE will take reasonable steps to ensure personal data is accurate.
Where necessary for the lawful basis on which data is processed, steps will be put in place to ensure that personal data is kept up-to-date.
7. Archiving / removal
To ensure that personal data is kept for no longer than necessary, the Association will put in place an archiving policy for each area in which personal data is processed and review this process annually.
The archiving policy will consider what data should/must be retained, for how long, and why.
8. Security
The Association will ensure that personal data is stored securely using modern software that is kept-up-to-date or in the case of hard copy securely held under lock and key as appropriate.
Access to personal data will be limited to personnel who need access and appropriate security should be in place to avoid unauthorised sharing of information.
When personal data is deleted this should be done safely such that the data is irrecoverable.
Appropriate back-up and disaster recovery solutions will be in place.
9. Breach
In the event of a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, personal data, the Association will promptly assess the risk to people’s rights and freedoms and if appropriate report this breach to the ICO (more information on the ICO website).
END OF POLICY
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how The Association for Science Education (ASE) uses and protects any information that you share with ASE when you use this website.
ASE is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
ASE may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25th May 2018.
Registration
When we ask you to provide information it is often (but not only) to enable us to enhance your website visit, or send information on something that we believe will interest you or reply to you after your visit. This would include where you subscribe to any online newsletters or provide feedback to us through a contact form or when you complete any online competition form or survey we may offer from time to time. When you register we ask you the questions set out on that page to obtain your personal information. We may use (and you consent to the use of) your personal data for future email, mailings, phone or other forms of contact, notification of new services, competitions and new versions. In relation to any regular contact, you can unsubscribe at any time. We do not sell your information or disclose it outside our organisation and project partners.
What we collect
We may collect the following information when you register to use the site:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
To buy books or pay for membership online you need to be registered.
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services. For example, if you are a member you will have access to the members’ only area and access to appropriate online journals as part of your membership subscription.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
The ASE website does not handle any credit card details as these are passed directly to our payment provider. All transaction information passed between merchant sites and is encrypted using 128- bit SSL certificates. No cardholder information is ever passed unencrypted and any messages sent to ASE servers are signed using MD5 hashing to prevent tampering. You can be completely assured that nothing you pass to our servers can be examined, used or modified by any third parties attempting to gain access to sensitive information.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
This website uses Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses "cookies", to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose  of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Cookies used upon logging in:
ADMIN The admin cookie is used to hold security information about the currently logged in user to the administration site. The username is held in plaintext but is hashed using a session hash value. When the session is closed the hash value is no longer valid.
ASPFIXATION The ASP Fixation cookie is a security mechanism to prevent the browser session being hi-jacked from the logged in user. The cookie holds a randomly generated string that changes upon user login.
TYPE & VERSION The type and destination cookie stores redirect information to allow the user to return to the page originally requested where user validation is required. The white list function ensures the site does not re-direct outside permitted boundaries. The information stored in this cookie is stored in clear text.
REMEMBER ME The remember me cookie allows returning users to be automatically authenticated to the website.
LASTLOGIN This cookie is used to maintain the user experience if the session times out. It contains a user reference with date of last session to be compared against current user information.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You may refuse the use of cookies, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
when you first register with the site look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time and request the deletion of your record by us at info@ase.org.uk
Each year ASE compiles an Annual Directory and part of that process is to ensure we have permission to publish certain information about you. For example, if you are a member of a local, regional or national committee, then what is published on the website depends on whether you are a member of that committee, or not. Members appearing in the Annual Directory can request certain details to be kept confidential.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you. If you would like a copy, please email info@ase.org.uk
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us and we will correct any information found to be incorrect.
Contact details
ASE College Lane, Hatfield, Herts AL10 9AA T 01707 283000
E info@ase.org.uk W www.ase.org.uk
Refund PolicyMembership
ASE membership subscriptions are deemed to be issued commitment for the total length of the subscription plan. Any member has the right to have their name deleted from the ASE’s membership database at any time, but in this event there would be no rebate of any part of the subscription already paid.
A refund of membership subscriptions will be made in circumstances where because of lead times e.g. in the case of Direct Debits, it has not been possible to prevent collection of a payment despite having been contacted by the member to cancel or amend their subscription prior to their renewal date.
Refunds will not be made to members who indicate that they could retrospectively have been in a lower cost membership category through circumstances, concessions, or promotions. The onus is on prospective members to inform the ASE of any requirements at the time of their membership application or renewal.
When an individual pays for a personal membership subscription to the ASE, they will have a 14 day ‘cooling-off’ period during which time they have the right to cancel their subscription and receive a full refund which will be refunded within 30 days of cancellation. (This clause complies with the EU Distance Selling Directive and is part of UK law under the Consumer Protection Regulations that relate to distance selling. This law applies to all UK based transactions where the consumer does not meet the vendor. These regulations do not govern contracts between businesses.) If during the ‘cooling off’ period the individual has made a purchase (e.g. of publications or conference fees) which enjoyed a member’s discount, the refund will be reduced by the amount of the discount enjoyed.  Beyond the cooling off period, whilst there is no entitlement, in the event of exceptional circumstances, the ASE’s practice is to allow partial refunds based on the balance remaining, calculated on a pro-rata monthly rate to the end of the membership year.
Access to the member area of the ASE website www.ase.org.uk is governed by a unique member username and password, which will be de-activated if an ASE membership is cancelled. Notwithstanding the above 14 day ‘cooling-off’ period clause, no refund will be issued if the ASE has reason to believe that a member has benefited by having had access to privileged member-only information, obtaining member discounts or registering for courses and programmes during the 14 day ‘cooling off’ period.
The ASE reserves the right to charge an administration fee (of up to 25% of the plan total – if the plan is longer than one year then 25% will apply to the total cost of the plan) for any refunds issued in accordance with paragraph 4 above).
Members wishing to cancel their subscription within the 14 day ‘cooling-off’ period should email membership@ase.org.uk or write to The Membership Team, The Association for Science Education, College Lane, Hatfield, AL10 9AA United Kingdom quoting their full names and membership ID.
Bookshop
We accept returns of items purchased in the ASE bookshop for the following reasons:
Item arrived damaged
Item was faulty (for example, a book has pages missing or sections have been misprinted)
The wrong item was supplied
We accept returns of items purchased from the ASE if they are damaged, faulty or the wrong item was sent.
If you need to return a book for any of the reasons above, then just give us a call on 01707283000 or email us at booksales@ase.org.uk. We can also arrange for a refund to be processed (including on any delivery fees paid) or a replacement to be sent. This applies to both UK and international orders.
You may wish to return items that just aren't to your taste but, if so, you will need to return the book to us at your cost in order to receive a refund. Please ensure that you enclose your packing slip when sending books back to us to The ASE Bookshop, The Association for Science Education, College Lane, Hatfield, AL10 9AA United Kingdom. A refund will only be made where the book has been received by ASE in perfect, saleable condition.
Please also be aware that when a book is returned for a refund under item 1, we will only refund any delivery costs paid by you up to the maximum amount of the least expensive delivery method we offer. If you chose to have your books sent by first-class post and then wish to return them for a refund, we will only refund you what it would have cost us to send those books via our standard second-class service. Refunds under item 3 will be for the cost of the book only and will not include the cost of the postage.
Conferences
Cancellation of registration up to 30 days before the event (or as detailed on the booking system for that event), will incur no cancellation charge unless otherwise stated within the specific event's booking information.
If a refund request is received less than 30 days before an event (or as detailed on the booking system for that event), no refunds will be made.
If you are unable to attend the event we welcome substitute delegates attending in your place at no additional cost. For security reasons, all requests for substitutions must be received via email at least 24 hours before the event with the name, job title and contact email for both the registered and replacement delegates to conferences@ase.org.uk
We recommend that all delegates take out insurance to protect against non-attendance, for example for face to face events due to bad weather.
If unforeseen circumstances cause ASE to cancel a paid-for event, all delegates will be informed as soon as possible and a full registration fee refund will be made. In this event, ASE accepts no responsibility for covering travel, hotel or other costs incurred by delegates and guests.
ASE reserves the right to modify the programme up to and including the day of the event.
Last updated: November 2020
Review date: November 2022
Exhibitions/ExhibitorsASE Annual and Area Conferences
These conditions prevail over any conditions which the exhibitor’s order may purport to impose and which are at variance with the same.
No modification of these conditions shall be binding upon the Organiser unless specifically accepted in writing by the Organiser.
Definitions
‘The Exhibition’ shall mean ‘The ASE Annual Conference 2020 onwards and Area events in 2019/20  ‘the exhibitor’ shall mean any company, individual or organisation hiring space at the exhibition; ‘space’ shall mean the area and other facilities hired by the exhibitor under this agreement; ‘the Organiser’ shall mean The Association for Science Education; ‘the Landlord’ shall mean ‘The Owner, Leasee, Other Individual, Company, Agent or Organisation who holds the right to let out the venue used.
All eventualities arising under these terms and conditions shall be settled under English Law.
Booking
Application for Exhibition Space must be made on the ‘Application for Exhibition Space’ form.  This form is regarded as a legally-binding agreement.
Spaces are allocated subject to availability only.  The Organiser reserves the right to alter space-allocation and the exhibition layout without notice to the exhibitor and without any liability for compensation.
The Organiser will distribute instructions to the exhibitor before the exhibition.  The exhibitor will be bound by the instructions contained therein and by all other written communications from the Organiser.
Payment
Payment for the space, shell scheme and other items will be by pro-forma invoice and must be made in full on receipt of the pro–forma invoice, and is non-returnable subject to cancellation terms herein. All Pro-Forma Invoices to be settled prior to the build up day. VAT receipts will be issued after payment is received. The Organiser reserves the right to charge interest at the rate specified in the Late Payment Act for each 28 day period or part thereof on any outstanding balances.
Applications received after the closing date will only be accepted if space is available and payment is made immediately.
If the exhibitor fails to pay any sums due under this agreement at the time and manner provided for herein, the Organiser in its discretion, may treat such non-payment as cancellation by the exhibitor.  Such cancellation shall be without prejudice to any sums then owed by the exhibitor to the Organiser, which sums shall be paid forthwith.
The exhibitor shall be responsible for the payment of all sums due to contractors in respect of items and services ordered in addition to the stand package agreed by the Organiser.
All payments will be made in Pounds Sterling.  Value Added Tax (VAT) is applicable and will be added at the appropriate rate.
Cancellation
In the event of the exhibition being cancelled by the Organiser for any reason, the liability of the Organiser shall be limited to the refund of sums paid and the exhibitor will have no further claims against the Organiser whatsoever.
The Organiser reserves the right to change the dates of the exhibition and the venue or both if deemed necessary as a result of causes outside the control of the Organiser.  In such an event the exhibitor shall have no claim against the Organiser for compensation, damages or refunds.
If the exhibitor decides to cancel their booking, then the exhibitor shall give notice in writing to the Organiser.   In the event of such cancellation, the full price due under this contract remains payable to the Organiser. However the Organiser at its discretion may discount such price as follows: Cancellation received 4 weeks before the closing date may receive a credit of 50% of the total fees due or on a sliding scale as agreed with the organiser.  An Administration charge will be payable on all cancellations.  Cancellations received after the closing date will not be entitled to a refund and any monies owed must be paid in full.
The Organiser reserves the right to treat as cancelled, the space of any exhibitor becoming bankrupt or going into liquidation or being under appointment of a receiver.  Such cancellation will not place the Organiser under any liability to refund any sums paid.
Protocol
No exhibitor shall sublet or lease the whole or any part of their space without the prior written agreement of the Organiser.
Exhibitors may not reposition or re-site their stand without prior written approval of the Organiser.
Walls, benches, tables, floors etc., must not be damaged by the insertion of pins, nails, screws etc., use of sticky tape, nor in any other way.  The benches or tables supplied may be covered, if desired, but all such covering material must be non-flammable or rendered fire-resistant. Tiers, shelves, and vertical dividing and screening boards may be used, providing they meet the current fire regulations for such equipment. A 2.5 mtr height restriction exists, please enquire for details.
Exhibitors shall accept and prepare for, as part of the terms, that in cases of inclement weather the Marquee may be subject to leakage etc. The organisers shall make reasonable efforts to correct this if possible.
Photography and Video recording will take place at the conference which may be used for future marketing and by signing the application form you hereby agree that your image may be used for that purpose.
The exhibitor must ensure that their stand is fully ready prior to the commencement of the exhibition.  If a stand is not occupied by the exhibitor prior to the opening of the exhibition then the Organiser shall treat this contract as being cancelled and shall have total discretion to deal with the space as the Organiser thinks fit without being under any liability to the exhibitor.
All spaces must be adequately staffed and in operation during all opening hours.
Exhibitors are not permitted to canvass or distribute promotional material except from within the confines of their own space, unless so authorised by the Organiser.   The Organiser reserves the right to expel exhibitors in breach of this clause without compensation being given.
Exhibitors must ensure that sound or other disturbance emanating from their space does not cause annoyance to other exhibitors.  In the event of any dispute, the decision of the Organiser shall be final.
Individual exhibitor’s direction signs, signposts or advertising material may not be placed in corridors or approach routes to the exhibition area without the permission of the Organiser.  The exhibition areas will be adequately sign-posted.
Exhibitors wishing to consign goods for the exhibition in advance MUST contact the Organisers for full details prior to consignment.  Failure to do so will result in goods not being accepted, and returned at the owner expense.  Neither the Organiser nor the Landlord can be held responsible for any loss.  Exhibitors wishing to have material collected after the event closes should request details from the organiser. The Organiser and the Landlord accept no responsibility for goods left for collection.
Packing and building material should be removed from the exhibition area.
Exhibitors with heavy or bulky equipment should make themselves fully aware of any restrictions that exist as a result of the construction of the exhibition area and its approaches. Such restriction may be as follows:- low ceiling height; access door width; upper floors; no lift or small lift; staircase width or direction of flights; access for loading and unloading; other such limitation. If any doubt exists in the exhibitor’s mind, contact should be made with the Organiser well in advance of the conference.
The Organiser has the right to request the removal of any exhibitor’s material or stand if in the Organiser’s considered opinion it constitutes a hazard.
No space shall be closed, dismantled, packed away or removed during the official opening hours of the exhibition.  Breach of this clause shall render the exhibitor to pay a further fee equal to 50% plus VAT of the space cost, such fee to be paid on presentation of invoice. Additional penalties on stand allocation at future events may be levied.
The maximum electrical load per socket is 5 amp.  The stand electrical supply is not 24 hours.
Exhibitors are reminded that the Organiser is the guest of the Landlord and exhibitors cannot expect any assistance from the Landlord’s staff in setting up and dismantling their exhibits.
Smoking shall only be permitted in those areas authorised by the Landlord. All food and drinks dispensed must be purchased via the University catering dept. unless agreed in writing.
Health and Safety
The Health and Safety at Work act 1974 must be observed, see the Risk Assessment requirements in the application pack.
Exhibitors must ensure their exhibits are safe in all respects. All electrical equipment should have a NICEIC test or PAT certificate.
Exhibitors must at all times:- keep clear and unobstructed routes to emergency exits, keep cables, wires, pipes, equipment etc. positioned so as not to present tripping hazards. Keep clear all fire fighting equipment, fire alarm points and ensure they know the locations of emergency exits, fire fighting equipment and fire alarm points.
Exhibitors should familiarise themselves with the emergency evacuation procedures for buildings (Marquee) in which their exhibits are located and with the correct method of use of fire extinguishers.
All food and drink consumed onsite must be supplied by the venue.
The Organiser, their employees, and the Landlord shall not be held responsible for any loss, theft, damage or injury to property or persons arising out of this agreement, the exhibition or from any other cause whatever.
Insurance and Security
The exhibitor, by signing the application form, indemnifies the Organiser on behalf of himself, his employees, agents and contractors, against liability for loss, injury or damage caused to persons or property.  It is the exclusive responsibility of the exhibitor to ensure that they are fully covered by comprehensive insurance to cover all eventualities and liabilities incl. hired equipment.
Exhibitors must comply in all respects with the requirements of every appropriate authority, with the terms of agreement by which the Organiser may occupy the premises and the policies of insurance effected by the Organisers of the event.