http://www.oef.com/privacy-policy/cookies
Cookies
Privacy policyData protectionTerms & conditionsSoftware Support and TrainingTo make this site simpler, we sometimes place small data files on your computer. These are known as cookies. Most big websites do this too.
They improve things by:
remembering settings, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you visit a new page
remembering information you’ve given (eg your postcode) so you don’t need to keep entering it
measuring how you use the website so we can make sure it meets your needs
Our cookies aren’t used to identify you personally. They’re just here to make the site work better for you. Indeed, you can manage and/or delete these small files as you wish.
To learn more about cookies and how to manage them, visit AboutCookies.org. Or please read on to find out more about how and where we use cookies.
How we use cookies
Oxford Economics website uses cookies in several places, we have listed each of them below with more details about why we use them and how long they will last.
Measuring website usage (Google Analytics)
We use Google Analytics to collect information about how people use this site. We do this to make sure it’s meeting its users’ needs and to understand how we could do it better.
Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. We do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are. We do not allow Google to use or share our analytics data.
The following cookies are set by Google Analytics:
Name
Typical Content
Expires
_utma
randomly generated number
2 years
_utmb
randomly generated number
30 minutes
_utmc
randomly generated number
when you close your browser
_utmx
randomly generated number
2 years
_utmxx
randomly generated number
2 years
_utmz
randomly generated number and information on how the site was reached (e.g. direct or via a link, organic search or paid search)
6 months
Note: This page was built taking ideas from Gov.uk