https://www.apricotdesigns.com/privacy.htm
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is critical to us. This notice explains our practices for managing your privacy and collecting information from this website.
You can visit this website and review the information herein without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
Various feedback methods are used at your option to enable us to provide customer support. If you provide us with your name, address, phone, and e-mail information, we will utilize that information to support your request.
We do send occasional e-mails that provide information about new products and developments from Apricot Designs. If you receive one of our e-mails, you will have the option to Opt Out from future emails.
All information that we gather is used only for our internal customer support functions and we do not sell, rent, or share this information with other entities.
This website does not use cookies or any other type of spyware.
We do not direct the content on this website at children under the age of 13. Nonetheless, all information on this website is appropriate for any age.
Please report any concerns or issues concerning your privacy on this website to info@apricotdesigns.com.
The unsubscribe link in the footer of any email will remove your email from our list.
You may also email info@apricotdesigns.com to be removed. Apricot Designs is committed to keeping your personal information safe and secure and will never sell it to other companies for marketing purposes.
EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
The personal data we gather usually includes your name, position, company name, work address and contact information. Contact information includes your telephone number, email address and information about your customer history. Your customer history includes points discussed in sales conversations, the products ordered and information about your order including product or instrument name/number, contract info, and invoicing requirements, as appropriate.