http://www.tc.bcit.ca/privacy/
Skip to main content
Innovation for a Complex World
Applied Research
Innovative solutions to real-life problems
Applied research at BCIT is exciting. It creates practical learning opportunities for BCIT’s students, provides innovative solutions to industry challenges, and produces new, commercially relevant technology products and applications.
Welcome from Dr. Kim Dotto, Dean Applied Research.
Envisioning change, advancing technology
BCIT researchers and research groups have been working with industry clients for 30 years, helping companies and organizations develop new technologies, products and services. The practical solutions range from process improvements for small SMEs to changing provincial building codes for the construction industry to a collaborative research network involving students, researchers, companies and government organizations from across Canada.
Find out how BCIT can help you find a solution.
Our latest research projects were highlighted in the 2018 New Innovations Applied Research Symposium.
Key Information, News & Events
Ask for help
Start a project
Find project funding
A family history of nursing and the future of health care: BC Children’s Hospital COO and INSPIRE Campaign champion Sarah Bell says embracing possibility is key
With three generations of nurses behind her, Sarah Bell, a BCIT Nursing alumna, seemed destined to work in the noble profession herself. “Nursing is in my blood,” says Sarah, Chief...
Read More
BCIT MAKE+ collaborates with one of 20 Most Innovative Companies to Watch
Urinary incontinence (UI) occurs when an individual loses or has weakened control over the urinary sphincter. Although not a life-threatening condition, losing control of one’s bladder is an embarrassing, inconvenient,...
Read More
Apply now: 2021 BCIT Student Innovation Challenge brings student ideas to life
Hockey analytics and children’s rompers, what do they have in common? Both of these “bright ideas” were winners of the 2019 BCIT Student Innovation Challenge. The BCIT Student Innovation Challenge...
Read More
Health Sciences Centre: Progress update and looking ahead
The BCIT Foundation is proud to share the significant progress on the new, state-of-the-art Health Sciences Centre, slated for completion in fall 2021. As of September 2020, the INSPIRE Campaign...
Read More
Building BC’s talent pipeline: TRIUMF and BCIT partner to develop unique work-integrated learning program
The British Columbia Institute of Technology (BCIT) and TRIUMF, Canada’s particle accelerator centre, have partnered to develop an enhanced and multi-faceted work-integrated learning (WIL) program to address the evolving needs...
Read More
Applied Research E-newsletter
Subscribe now!
Stay up to date on all the Applied Research news from BCIT, subscribe to our quarterly e-newsletter.
Congratulations CARI Researchers!
August 19, 2020Two researchers at the Centre for Applied Research and Innovation (CARI) have successfully defended their Masters's thesis this spring.   Rebecca...
BCIT’s MAKE+ research group releases face shield design guidance document in response to the COVID-19 pandemic
May 4, 2020Many individuals and small to medium sized enterprises are looking for ways to utilize their skills and equipment to help...
BCIT faculty manuscript accepted for publication in Waste and Biomass Valorization
April 9, 2020BCIT Civil Engineering faculty Sudip Talukdar has had the paper “Hemp Waste Valorization as Biofuel and Cement Replacement in Cement...
Saving lives by bashing concrete blocks together
November 29, 2017Blog post by student researcher: Heidi Fedorak, School of Energy Ever wonder why a place like San Francisco can go through...