http://www.pci-intl.com/privacy-policy
News Update: DOCS 500 Visited by the President of Peru
Corporate
About
About Us
Health and Safety
Environment
Community
Careers
Doing Business With PCI
News
Aerospace & Defense
Oxygen Solutions
Nitrogen Solutions
Aftermarket
advancing air separation technology
Search
1.800.309.8935
1.951.479.0860
Made in the U.S.A
Menu
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for (pcigases.com). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Use of Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
We may also use third-party web analytic services on our Sites, such as Google Analytics. The service providers that administer those services may use cookies and web beacons to help us analyze how users use the Sites. The information collected by the cookies and web beacons (including your IP address) is available to the service providers, which use the information to evaluate your use of the Sites.
Links
This website contains links to other external sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
This website may contain links operated by PCI affiliates. Not all the PCI affiliate sites use this Online Privacy Notice. Individual PCI affiliate sites may have different Online Privacy Notices that describe their own use and collection practices. To the extent that the Online Privacy Notice of an affiliate is different from the Online Privacy Notice for PCI’s website, the provisions in the affiliate’s Online Privacy Notice control the practices identified for that PCI affiliate site.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you, or if it cannot be deleted be able to instruct PCI not to share your information and how we will indicate this in our system.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Purchases
If you purchase item from PCI, we ask you for personal information, including your contact and delivery information, and may use a third-party provider to process your payment. By making your purchase, you agree to our use of this information for these purposes.
General Employment Inquiries
If a user contacts PCI with a general inquiry, the user may need to provide PCI with personal information (for example contact details). PCI will use this personal information to respond to the inquiry and track further correspondence.
If a user wishes to apply for employment with PCI, we ask for an email address and other contact information. PCI may choose to correspond with you using the contact information provided by you. You may contact PCI at privacy@pcigases.com any time in the future to request that PCI cease to contact you.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (951) 479-0860 or via email at privacy@pcigases.com.
GDPR Compliance
For all private and corporate citizens of the European Union, regarding any information Pacific Consolidated Industries collects, you can contact us at GDPRcompliance@pcigases.com to access any information or make any inquiry.
Request A Quote
Click Here for more information about our products or to request a quote.
Download Brochures
Click Here for fast access to copies of our Marketing Literature, simply download and print the PDF files.
Select Your Language
Business Divisions
Technology
Products
Press Room
About
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 PCI
12201 Magnolia Avenue, Riverside, California, 92503-4820, USA
1.800.309.8935 or 951.479.0860
insidesales@pcigases.com
Privacy Policy
Made in the U.S.A
This site tracks visits anonymously using cookies.
By clicking 'Close and Agree' or by continuing to browse our website, you're consenting to our use of cookies, as detailed in our Privacy Policy.
Close and Agree