http://www.immunology.org/about-us/complaints-policy-and-procedure
Skip to main content
Home
Membership
Grants and Prizes
Policy and Public Affairs
Get Involved
Jobs
Contact
Register
Log in
Home //
About us //
Complaints Policy and Procedure
Complaints Policy and Procedure
Our aim:
The British Society for Immunology is committed to providing a good service for our members and working in an open and accountable way that builds the trust and respect of all our stakeholders.    One of the ways in which we can continue to improve is by listening and responding to the views of our members, the public and partners and in particular by responding positively to complaints, and by putting mistakes right.
Therefore we aim to ensure that:
making a complaint is as easy as possible;
we treat a complaint as a clear expression of dissatisfaction with our materials or activities which calls for an immediate response;
we deal with it promptly, politely and, when appropriate, confidentially and in accordance with our privacy policy;
we respond in the right way - for example, with an explanation, or an apology where we have got things wrong, or information on any action taken etc;
we learn from complaints, use them to improve our service, and review annually our complaints policy and procedures.
We recognise that some concerns will be raised informally, and dealt with quickly. Our aims are to:
resolve informal concerns quickly;
keep matters low-key;
enable mediation between the complainant and the individual to whom the complaint has been referred.
Confidentiality: Except in exceptional circumstances, every attempt will be made to ensure that both the complainant and the BSI maintain confidentiality. However, the circumstances giving rise to the complaint may be such that it may not be possible to maintain confidentiality (with each complaint judged on its own merit). Should this be the case, the situation will be explained to the complainant.
If you have a complaint regarding members services or other aspects of work undertaken or published by the Society, please write to the Chief Executive, Jo Revill on j.revill@immunology.org
About us
History
Strategy 2016 - 2020
Trustee Report and Annual Accounts
Our people
Our partners
Contact us
Work for us
Terms and Conditions
Cancellation and Refund Policy
Payment Flow and Delivery Policy
Privacy and Security Policy
BSI Rules
Acceptable Use Policy
Cookies Policy
Income Tax Relief
Child protection policy
Code of conduct
Complaints Policy and Procedure
Data protection policy
Equality and diversity
Become a member today
Click below to find out how to become a member.
Join the Society
Immunology news
Our membership publication, published quarterly and distributed free to members both electronically and in traditional print.
Read more