http://www.eastexasarboretum.org/disclosure-policy
Disclosure Policy | travel
Skip to content
travel
hotel
hotel
recreation
travel
vacation
Disclosure Policy
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on :this site’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not :
A. Modify or Copy the materials.
B. Use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial).
C. Attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on :this site’s web site.
D. Remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials.
E. Transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by :this site at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on :this site’s web site are provided “AS IS”. :this site makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, :this site does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall :this site or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on :this site’s Internet site, even if :this site or a :this site authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on :this site’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. :this site does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. :this site may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. :this site does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
:this site has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by :this site of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
:this site may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to :this site’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of East Java without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Search for:
Recent Posts
THE 10 BEST Hotels in New York City for 2020 (from $83)
Recreation Centers : NYC Parks
Recreation.gov
Recreation.gov – How To Find Campsites On Recreation.gov
Top Hotels in Phoenix, AZ from $54 (FREE cancellation on select hotels)
Advertise Here
Contact Us
Disclosure Policy
Sitemap
Archives
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
January 2020
December 2019
August 2019
June 2019
April 2019
February 2019
October 2018
July 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
Categories
general
hotel
recreation
travel
vacation
October 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
1234
567891011
12131415161718
19202122232425
262728293031
« Sep
Tagsactivities
alive
Beach
Cancellation
Center
Cheap
City
Coronavirus
County
Deals
Department
destinations
family
Florida
Free
Guide
Home
Homes
hotel
hotels
ideas
luxury
Official
Outdoor
Packages
Park
Parks
recreation
recreational
rental
Rentals
resorts
romance
Seattle
select
simple
sports
State
suggestions
Top
travel
vacation
vacations
World
York
b4eb65eaf2c2c997db58c88b465b91c8-332
Proudly powered by WordPress
|
Theme: Siuy by MyPreview LLC.