http://www.organic-europe.net/privacy-policy.html
skip to navigation.
skip to content.
Home/ NewsCountry infoStatisticsOrganic World HomeContact / Site infoPrivacy policy
Home » Privacy policy
Privacy policy
The protection of your personal data is very important to us. We
therefore ask you to read the following privacy policy carefully.The
purpose of this policy is to inform you about the reason for and
extent
to which your personal data will be processed when you visit our
website. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to
contact the controller.
This website uses SSL or TLS encryption to protect the transmission of
personal data and other confidential content (e.g. orders or inquiries
to the controller). You can recognize an encrypted connection by the
character string "https://" and the lock symbol in your browser line.
(1) Controller within the meaning of Art. 4 No. 7 General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter: “GDPR”) is:Research Institute of Organic Agriculture (FiBL) Ackerstrasse 113 / Postfach 219 CH-5070 Frick Phone +41 62 8657-272info.suisse@no-spam.fibl.org(2) Contact details regarding questions on privacy and data protection at FiBL:dataprotection@no-spam.fibl.org
(1) According to the applicable laws, you have various rights regarding your personal data:Right to obtain confirmation and accessRight to request rectificationRight to erasure ('right to be forgotten') Right to request restriction of processingRight to data portabilityRight to objectRight to withdraw the given consentIf you wish to assert these rights, please send your request by e-mail or by post to the address mentioned above.
(2) You also have the right of lodging a complaint with a supervisory
authority about the processing of your personal data with us.
(1) When using our website for information purposes only, i.e. if you
do not register or otherwise provide us with information, we only
collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server
(so-called "server log files"). If you want to visit our website, we
collect the following information that is technically necessary for us
to display our website and to ensure the stability, functionality and
security of our website:our visited websiteused IP addressdate and time of accessTime zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)Access status / HTTP status code the amount of data transferred in bytesWebsite from which you accessed the site (source/reference)used browser the operating system used and its interface Language and version of the browser software.(2) The legal basis is our legitimate interest in ensuring a smooth
connection setup and a comfortable use of the website as well as in the
possibility to evaluate system security and stability and to pursue
further administrative purposes in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1
lit. f GDPR.
(3) The data will not be passed on or used in any other way.
(1) Like many other websites, we also use so-called "cookies". Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard drive and through which certain information flows to the institution that places the cookie (in this case the institution is us). Cookies cannot run programs or transmit viruses to your computer. They are intended to make the website more user-friendly and effective and to enable the use of certain functions. When using this common data and information we do not draw any conclusions about the person concerned. This information is just required to deliver the contents of our website correctly. This anonymously collected data and information is therefore evaluated by us statistically and with the aim of increasing data protection and data security in our company to ensure an optimum level of protection for the personal data processed by us. If certain cookies process personal data, processing is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.(2) This website uses the following types of cookies:Transient cookies (see a)Persistent cookies (see b)Flash cookies (see c)a) Transient cookies – in particular so-called session cookies - are automatically deleted when you close your browser. These cookies store a so-called session ID, with which different requests of your browser can be assigned to a joint session. This will allow your computer to be recognized when you return to our website. Session cookies are deleted when you log out or close your browser.b) Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. These cookies remain on your device and enable us or our partner companies (third-party cookies) to recognize your browser on your next visit. You can delete the cookies in your browser settings at any time.c) The used Flash cookies are registered by your Flash plug-in. HTML5 storage objects are also stored on your device. These objects store the required data independently of your browser and have no automatic expiry date. If you do not want Flash cookie to process data, you must install an appropriate add-on, such as "Clear Flash Cookies" for Mozilla Firefox (https://addons.mozilla.org/de/firefox/addon/clear-flash-cookies/) or the Adobe Flash killer cookie for Google Chrome. You can prevent the use of HTML5 storage objects by using the private mode in your browser. We also recommend that you regularly delete your cookies and your browser history manually.(3) You can configure your browser settings according to your wishes and, for example, refuse third party cookies or all cookies. You can also choose to be notified when cookies are set and you can decide individually whether you want to allow them or not. Each browser differs in the way it manages the cookie settings. This is described in the help menu of each browser, which explains how you can change your cookie settings. You will find these for the respective browsers under the following links:Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookiesFirefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferencesChrome: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&hlrm=en&answer=95647Safari: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/macOpera: https://help.opera.com/en/latest/web-preferences/#cookiesPlease note that the functionality of our website may be limited if cookies are not accepted.
(1) In addition to the purely informational use of our website, we offer various services which you can use if you are interested. For this purpose, you must generally provide further personal data, which we use to perform the respective service and to which the aforementioned data processing principles apply. In some cases we use external service providers to process your data. These have been carefully selected and commissioned by us, are bound by our instructions and are regularly checked.(2) Furthermore, we will inform you in the respective offer about a transfer of your data outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA). If the level of data protection in a country in which the data is processed does not comply with the applicable data protection regulations, we will contractually ensure that the protection of your personal data is equivalent to that in Switzerland or the EU/EEA at all times, for example by incorporating the EU standard contractual clauses.
(1) If you send us enquiries via e-mail, your data will be stored for
the purpose of answering the enquiry and in the event of follow-up
questions. You will be required to provide your name and e-mail address.
Providing a telephone number and other data is voluntary and serves to
facilitate contact and to enable us to address you personally.  These
data are stored and used solely for the purpose of responding to your
request or for establishing contact and the technical administration.
The legal basis for processing the data is our legitimate interest in
responding to your request in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f
GDPR.
(2) Your data will be deleted when your inquiry has been
finally
clarified and if no statutory retention obligations oppose this.
(1) We use components from etracker GmbH, Erste Brunnenstraße 1, 20459 Hamburg, (hereinafter referred to as "eTracker") on our website. Every time you visit our site, this component collects and stores data for marketing and optimization purposes, which can then be used to create user profiles under a pseudonym by using cookies.The legal basis for the use of eTracker is our legitimate interest in the statistical analysis of user behaviour on our website for optimisation and marketing purposes in accordance with Art. 6 Par. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR.(2) Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of the visitor's Internet browser in order to enable the visitor's Internet browser to be recognized. The data collected in this way will not be used to personally identify the visitor to our website without the visitor's consent. In addition, this data is not merged with personal data and the user profiles.(3) The data collection and data storage can be revoked at any time with effect for the future. To object to the storage of your data, use the cookie bar (at the bottom of every page).
(1) If you have consented to the processing of your data, it is
possible at any time to withdraw this processing for the future. As a
result, your data will no longer be processed for the agreed purpose.
(2) If your data are processed on the basis of a weighing of
interests in accordance with the legal basis Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1
lit. e or f GDPR, you can object to this if you have special reasons
against processing the data.
(3) You also have the possibility to object to the processing of your
data for the purpose of direct marketing. Thus, your data will no
longer be processed for the purpose of direct advertising.
© Research Institute of Organic Agriculture (FiBL). All rights reserved. Last Update: 21/10/2020
» Print page