http://www.cryofab.com/cryofab-privacy-policy.html
sales@cryofab.com
Cryofab
Menu
Products
Standard Products
Transfer Lines
Custom Cryogenic Equipment
High Run Production
Short Run Production
OEM Manufacturing
Repair
Parts
Manuals
Request Information
Overseas Reps
About
About Cryofab
News
Contact Us
sales@cryofab.com
1.800.426.2186Request information online
Cryofab Cryogenic Products
FOR LIQUID HELIUM (LHe)
CMSH liquid helium dewars
CSM/CVSM superconducting magnet dewars
CFHT liquid helium transfer line
FOR LIQUID NITROGEN (LN2), OXYGEN (LOX) AND ARGON (LARG)
CL/CLPB pressurized cryogenic tanks
CFN atmospheric cryogenic storage
CH low pressure cryogenic tanks
CF cryogenic dewar flasks
CLD/CHD larger volume cryo tanks
CFCL vacuum insulated hose
CFUL uninsulated stainless steel hose
FOR LIQUID HYDROGEN (LH2),
CLH cryogenic storage tanks
FOR LIQUID NEON (LNe),
LIQUID NATURAL GAS (LNG), KRYPTON (Kr), XENON (Xe)
Contact us for more information
1.800.426.2186
Online request form
Containers, Vessels, Tanks, Transfer Equipment & Accessories
Cryo Systems Repair
Custom Cryogenic Design & Engineering
High Run Cryogenic Equipment Production
Short Run Cryogenic Equipment Production
OEM Contract Cryogenic Equipment Manufacturer
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is https://www.cryofab.com. We are a manufacturer of cryogenic equipment in Kenilworth, New Jersey, USA.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We respect your data and take measures to protect it from loss, manipulation, and unauthorized access. Data is processed to fulfill customer inquiries about our products and services, for contracts or legal requirements, and for the normal operations of Cryofab. Below you can find more specific information about data processing on our website.
Server log files
Visitors to our website need not disclose any personal information. Data stored in our server log files includes only information such as the names of the pages viewed and assets requested, the date and time of the query, the volume of data transferred, browser type, IP-address, and the requesting provider. These data are evaluated only to troubleshoot technical issues with site operation. This data is not used to draw any conclusions about visitors. We reserve the right to review the data retrospectively for legal or technical purposes.
Contact forms
Cryofab keeps contact form submissions for customer service purposes but does not sell the information to a third party. To fulfill your request, we may transfer this information among employees of Cryofab, or our vendors as needed, but not outside our company.
Cookies
We use cookies to analyze our search traffic and understand how to better serve our customers. The data includes the names of the files requested, the date and time of the query, the data volumes transferred, browser type, IP-address, and the requesting provider.  This information is retained for 26 months, or the default time period Google retains the information. We sometimes share this information with analytic or advertising partners but do not sell your information to a third party.  You may disable cookies by setting the preferences in your browser. By using this website without disabling cookies in your browser, you consent to the processing of your data collected for the purposes stated above.
These companies also set cookies on our behalf:
Multiview
Irving, Texas
7701 Las Colinas Ridge, Suite 800
Irving, TX 75063
972.402.7070
privacy policy: https://www.multiview.com/privacy-policy/
Thomas Publishing Company
5 Penn Plaza
New York, NY, 10001
212-629-2100
privacy policy: https://www.thomasnet.com/privacy.html
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to understand how visitors use our site. You may opt out of Google Analytics with this plugin for your browser:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Who we share your data with
From time to time we share information with contract partners for the purpose of serving our customers. This may include tax consultants or service providers such as transport companies for the delivery of goods or third-party software solutions. Contract partners will use the data only for the fulfillment of their defined purpose, no other use of the data is permitted.
How long we retain your data
We keep contact form entries for a year. Analytics records are kept for the default duration in Google Analytics. We keep purchase records for 6 years in paper form and computer records for three years of purchase order issues.  PO receipts are kept indefinitely.
What rights you have over your data
You can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Consent and contact information
By using our website you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our website to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. If you have any privacy questions, please contact the webmaster at webmaster@cryofab.com
Additional information
How we protect your data
We keep your information on password-protected devices and secure local networks. The information you enter on our website is be transmitted via Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), 128 bit encryption services, which are enabled by a reputable SSL certificate provider. Pages utilizing this technology will have URLs that start with HTTPS instead of HTTP.
What data breach procedures we have in place
Cryofab does not store any credit card or bank account numbers, our system records names, addresses, and contact information. In the case of a breach of our system, we will contact anyone whose data was affected.
Cryofab | sales(at)cryofab.com
phone: 800.426.2186 | 908.686.3636 fax: 908.686.9538
540 North Michigan Avenue,PO Box 485
Kenilworth, NJ, USA
07033
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
About Cryofab
Key Personnel
News
Standard Products
Overseas Representatives
Manuals and Safety Data
Privacy Policy
Site Map
© Cryofab 2020