http://www.solvias.com/privacy-policy.php
This website uses cookies, remarketing and analytics. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our terms of use. OK
Home
Capabilities
Industries
PharmaceuticalBiotechMedical devicesCosmeticsAgro chemicalChemicalElectronic materialsLife sciences
Services
Analytical servicesExtractables & leachablesQuality controlTrouble-shootingSmall molecule analysisCharacterizationStability studiesMethod development and validationMethod qualificationBiopharmaceutical analysisCharacterizationStability studiesMethod development and validationProtein analysis for ComparabilityDNA sequencingCell & Gene Therapy SolutionsCell & gene therapy building blocksCell therapy transplant analyticsGene therapy product analyticsCell & gene therapy release testingBioproduction managementSolid state developmentScreening for salts or co-crystalsPolymorphism screeningCrystallization screening and developmentTesting solid form purityAmorphous dispersionsCatalysis technologyLigands library for catalysisCatalytic processesHomogeneous asymmetric hydrogenationHeterogeneous hydrogenationCross-coupling reactionsCustom Synthesis & ManufacturingCustom synthesisProcess R&DChemical development & GMP manufacturingBiological analysisBioassaysMicrobiologyNon-sterile productsSterile productsStudies & environmental analysis
Products
Chemical hazard monitoringFiberoptic probes and flow cellsLigand portfolio
Quality & Regulatory
Regulatory compliance
Career
Why Solvias
Meet our people
Open positions
News & Events
Solvias Group
Our history
Mission and values
Executive Committee
Business terms
Home
Capabilities
Industries
Services
Products
Quality & Regulatory
Regulatory compliance
Career
Why Solvias
Meet our people
Open positions
News & Events
Solvias Group
Our history
Mission and values
Executive Committee
Business terms
Order Forms
Download
Contact
Home
Home
Capabilities
Industries
Pharmaceutical
Biotech
Medical devices
Cosmetics
Agro chemical
Chemical
Electronic materials
Life sciences
Services
Analytical services
Extractables & leachables
Quality control
Trouble-shooting
Small molecule analysis
Characterization
Stability studies
Method development and validation
Method qualification
Biopharmaceutical analysis
Characterization
Stability studies
Method development and validation
Protein analysis for Comparability
DNA sequencing
Cell & Gene Therapy Solutions
Cell & gene therapy building blocks
Cell therapy transplant analytics
Gene therapy product analytics
Cell & gene therapy release testing
Bioproduction management
Solid state development
Screening for salts or co-crystals
Polymorphism screening
Crystallization screening and development
Testing solid form purity
Amorphous dispersions
Catalysis technology
Ligands library for catalysis
Catalytic processes
Homogeneous asymmetric hydrogenation
Heterogeneous hydrogenation
Cross-coupling reactions
Custom Synthesis & Manufacturing
Custom synthesis
Process R&D
Chemical development & GMP manufacturing
Biological analysis
Bioassays
Microbiology
Non-sterile products
Sterile products
Studies & environmental analysis
Products
Chemical hazard monitoring
Fiberoptic probes and flow cells
Ligand portfolio
Quality & Regulatory
Regulatory compliance
Career
Why Solvias
Meet our people
Open positions
News & Events
Solvias Group
Our history
Mission and values
Executive Committee
Business terms
Order Forms
Services
People
Data Protection Regulations / Privacy Policy
Firmenangaben
Kontaktadresse Solvias AGRömerpark 2 4303 Kaiseraugst Switzerland Tel. +41 61 845 60 00 Fax +41 61 845 69 00info@solvias.com
Vertretungsberechtigte PersonenHuebscher, Karen J., Vorsitzende der GeschäftsleitungDavies, Louise, Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung
Handelsregistereintrag Eingetragener Firmenname:Solvias AGCHE-105.148.254Handelsregister-Amt Aargau
MehrwertsteuernummerCHE-105.148.254 MWST
Privacy policy
1. General
The following privacy statement is valid for the online offering of the Solvias Gruppe and the data collected there (hereinafter referred to as "Solvias" or "Provider"). This privacy statement describes the manner in which we, Solvias AG, headquartered in Kaiseraugst, Switzerland, collect, use, and disclose personal data about you. It does not constitute an exhaustive description. Where applicable, other privacy statements, general terms and conditions, and similar documents regulate specific aspects.
By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal data in accordance with this privacy statement. You also acknowledge that Solvias may, at its own discretion, modify this privacy statement at regular intervals. We shall publish such changes on this page. The modified provisions apply to data which is collected after the point in time at which the modifications were published.
Based on Article 13 of the Swiss Federal Constitution, the federal data protection regulations, as well as the EU General Data Protection Regulation, every person has the right to the protection of their privacy as well as protection against misuse of their personal data. We adhere to these provisions and respect your privacy. Personal data is not sold to third parties. However, it may be disclosed to third parties as described in the following. In close collaboration with our hosting providers, we strive to protect the databases as well as possible against unauthorized access, loss, misuse, or fraud.
2. Contact
If you have any inquiries related to data privacy, you can reach us at the following address: privacy@solvias.com
This address can be used for all companies in the Solvias Group. However, please specify which one you are referring to if possible.
You can also reach us at the following addresses:
Solvias AGRömerpark 24303 KaiseraugstSwitzerlandTel. +41 61 845 60 00Fax +41 61 845 69 00
Confarma France SASZI, rue du Canal d'Alsace68490 HombourgFranceTel. +33 389 83 37 20Fax +33 389 83 37 29
3. Handling of personal data
Personal data is information with the help of which a person can be identified, i.e. information which can be traced back to a particular person. This includes their name, e-mail address or telephone number. But data about preferences, hobbies, memberships, or which websites have been viewed by a person are also considered personal data.
The data we collect when you use our website is described in the following under Sec. 4 ff. We only collect, use, and disclose personal data when this is permitted by law or users have consented to the data collection.
When corresponding data is collected, this data can be used accordingly with analysis and tracking providers.
4. Purpose of data processing
We utilize the personal data primarily to enable your use of the website, to reply to your inquiries, and to provide you with our services. If you establish contact with us via the website, we may, based on our justified interests, also use the information to market our products and services provided that you have not objected to the use of your data for this purpose. You have the right to object to the receipt of advertising at any time. We will then add you to an opt-out list to prevent the future sending of ads.
Furthermore, based on our justified interests, we may also use the data collected via this website in anonymized form for statistical purposes in order to improve our products and services.
5. Details of collection and use
a. Access data / Server log filesWe (and/or our webspace provider) collect data on every instance of access to the offering (called server log files). The access data includes:
Name of website accessed
File
Date and time of access
Data quantity transferred
Notification of successful access
Browser type, incl. version and language
The user's operating system
Referrer URL (page last visited)
IP address and the querying provider
We use the log data exclusively for statistical evaluations for the purpose of operation, safety, and the optimization of the offering. However, the Provider reserves the right to review the log data at a later point in time if there are specific indications pointing to the justified suspicion of illegal use.
We will store this data for 30 days.
b. Contacting usWhen contacting us (e.g. via the contact form or e-mail), the user's information will be saved for the purpose of processing the inquiry as well as in case follow-up questions are made. The data collected may include e.g. address, employer, occupation, educational qualifications, or position. If the establishment of contact remains a one-off affair, the storage period is max. 9 months. Otherwise, we process and store your personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfill our contractual or statutory obligations or other purposes involved in the processing, for example for the entire duration of the business relationship as well as beyond it in compliance with statutory archival and documentation obligations. Because we need to satisfy the requirements of good manufacturing practices in the pharmaceutical industry, data may be stored for up to 20 years after the end of the business relationship.
There are no plans for comment functions or blogs on our website.
6. Newsletter
In the following statements, we inform you about the contents of our newsletter, the registration, delivery, and the statistical evaluation procedure, as well as your right of objection. By subscribing to the newsletter, you consent to its receipt and the procedures described.
Content of the newsletter: We only send newsletters, e-mails and other electronic notifications with promotional information (hereinafter "newsletter") with the consent of the recipient or legal approval. In cases where the registration for a newsletter also includes a specific description of its contents, they are crucial for the user's consent. Furthermore, our newsletters contain information on our products and services and us.
Double opt in and logging: The registration for our newsletter via the website takes place via what is called a double opt in procedure. This means that after registration, you will receive an e-mail in which you will be requested to confirm your registration. This confirmation is necessary so that nobody can register with e-mail addresses that do not belong to them. The registrations for the newsletter will be logged to be able to furnish proof of the registration process in compliance with legal requirements. This includes logging the point in time of registration and confirmation, as well as the IP address. Similarly, changes to your data stored by the delivery provider will also be logged.
Registration data: To register for the newsletter, it is sufficient to provide your e-mail address. Optionally, we ask that you provide a name so we can address you personally in the newsletter.
The sending of the newsletter and the accompanying performance measurement takes place with the consent of the recipient, which is given by placing the order for the newsletter.
The logging of the registration procedure takes place based on our justified interests. Our interests focus on the use of a user-friendly as well as secure newsletter system which serves both our business interests as well as meets the expectations of users and also allows us to provide proof of consent.
Termination/Revocation: You may unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time, i.e. revoke your consent. You will find a link to unsubscribe from the newsletter at the end of every newsletter. We may save the unsubscribed e-mail addresses for up to three years based on our justified interests before we delete them in order to be able to provide proof of consent that was previously given. The processing of this data will be restricted to the purpose of a possible need to defend against claims. An individual deletion request is possible at any time, provided that the former existence of consent is simultaneously affirmed.
Newsletter - MailChimpThe sending of the newsletter takes place via the delivery service provider "MailChimp", a newsletter delivery platform from the US provider Rocket Science Group, LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE #5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA. You can read the privacy policy of the delivery service provider here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/. The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a MailChimp is certified under the Privacy Shield agreement, which means that it provides a guarantee that the European data protection level is upheld (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TO6hAAG&status=Active).
The delivery service provider may utilize the recipient's data in pseudonymous form, i.e. without reference to a user, for the optimization or improvement of its own services, e.g. for the technical optimization of the delivery and the presentation of the newsletter or for statistical purposes. However, the delivery service provider is not permitted to use the data of our newsletter recipients to contact them himself or to disclose the data to third parties.
7. Integration of third party services and content
Content from third parties, such as videos from YouTube, map data from Google Maps, RSS feeds or images from other websites may be embedded within this online offering. This always requires that the providers of this content (hereinafter "third-party providers") are able to identify the IP address of the users. This is because they are unable to send the content to the browser of the respective user without the IP address. Hence, the IP address is necessary for the presentation of this content. We strive to only use content whose respective providers use the IP address solely for the delivery of the content. However, we have no influence over situations where third-party providers save the IP address, e.g. for statistical purposes. In cases where we are aware of this, we shall inform users of it.
8. Cookies and right of objection for direct ads
"Cookies" are small files which are saved on users' computers. Various types of information may be stored in these cookies. The purpose of a cookie is primarily to store the information on a user (or the device on which the cookie is stored) during or also after his visit within a particular online offering. Temporary cookies, also called "session cookies" or "transient cookies" are cookies which are deleted after a user leaves an online offering and closes his browser. For example, the contents of a shopping cart in an online shop or a login status may be saved in such a cookie. "Permanent" or "persistent" cookies remain saved even after the browser is closed. This allows e.g. the login status to be saved. Similarly, the interests of users may also be stored in such a cookie, which are then used for measuring reach or marketing purposes. "Third-party cookies" refer to cookies which are offered by providers other than the responsible party which operates the online offering (however, when it is only this party's cookies, they are called "first-party cookies").
If users do not want cookies to be stored on their computer, they are asked to deactivate the corresponding option in the system settings of their browser. Saved cookies can be deleted in the system settings of the browser. The disabling of cookies may lead to the limited functionality of this online offering.
You can manage many online ad cookies from companies via the US website http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the EU website http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices/.For a large number of services, above all in the case of tracking, a general objection to the use of cookies used for the purposes of online marketing can be submitted via the US website http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the EU website http://www.youronlinechoices.com/. Furthermore, the saving of cookies can be prevented by turning them off in the browser settings. Please note that if this is done, it may not be possible to use all the functions of this online offering.
9. Web beacons or pixel tags
A number of pages on our website and e-mail updates may contain electronic images called web beacons, also called single-pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, or pixel tags. They allow us to count users who have viewed our site. In advertising e-mails and newsletters, they allow us to count how many subscribers have read them. Web beacons supply us with statistical data on the activities and characteristics which interest our consumers the most, so that we can make our content even more personal. In general, however, they will not be used without your consent for collecting personally identifiable data.
We are permitted to share pixel tags and trackers with third parties who assist us with advertising activities and the development of our website. For example, in order to measure how effective our ads are, we accept that third parties — such as LinkedIn — utilize cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies to collect or capture data from our websites and other web pages and that they use this data to perform evaluations and design the advertising on their own platforms to better cater to their target groups. This is where you can read about how you can disable the collection and use of data by third parties for advertising purposes.:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
10. Online presences in social media
We maintain online presences on social networks and platforms in order to communicate with the customers, interested parties and users active on them, and to inform them about our products and services. When accessing the respective networks and platforms, the terms and services and the data processing guidelines of the respective operators apply.
Unless otherwise specified in our privacy statement, we process the data of users, provided that they communicate with us within the social networks and platforms, e.g. publish posts on our online presences or send us messages. Based on our justified interests, we utilize the data to improve our offerings and for marketing purposes.
11. Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager is a solution with which we are able to manage website tags via an interface (and by doing so e.g. integrate Google Analytics as well as other Google marketing services into our online offering). The tag manager itself (which implements the tags) does not process any of the users' personal data. With regard to the processing of the personal data of the users, reference is hereby made to the following information about the Google services. Terms of use: https://www.google.com/intl/de/tagmanager/use-policy.html.
12. Google Analytics
Based on our justified interests, we utilize Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google LLC ("Google"). Google utilizes cookies. The information generated by the cookie on the use of the online offering by the users are generally transmitted to a Google server in the USA, where it is saved.
Google is certified under the Privacy Shield agreement, through which it offers the guarantee that European data protection law will be adhered to https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active.
Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate the use of our online offering by the users, to compile reports about the activities within this online offering, and to provide us with additional services linked to the use of this online offering and internet use. During this process, the data processed may be used to create pseudonymous usage profiles.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization activated. This means that the IP address of the user will be truncated by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and truncated there.
The IP address transmitted by the user's browser will not be combined with other Google data. Users can prevent the storage of cookies by configuring the corresponding settings in their browser software; furthermore, users can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie on their use of the online offering as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
For more information on data use by Google, configuration and objection options, please refer to Google's privacy statement (https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads) as well as the settings for how ads are displayed by Google https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
The users' personal data will be deleted or anonymized after 26 months.
Google Universal AnalyticsWe use Google Analytics in the form of "Universal-Analytics". "Universal Analytics" refers to a Google Analytics procedure in which the user analysis is performed based on a pseudonymous user ID, resulting in a pseudonymous profile of the user being created with information from the use of various devices (called "cross-device tracking").
Target group formation with Google AnalyticsWe use Google Analytics to only show ads which are displayed within Google's advertising services and its partners to those users who have also shown interest in our online offering or exhibit certain characteristics (e.g. interest in certain topics or products which are determined based on the websites visited), which we transmit to Google (called "remarketing audiences" or "Google Analytics audiences"). With the aid of the remarketing audiences, we also aim to ensure that our ads correspond to the user's potential interests.
13. Google AdWords and conversion measurement
Based on our justified interests, we utilize the services of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, ("Google").
Google is certified under the Privacy Shield agreement, which offers a guarantee that European data protection law will be complied with. See https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
We use the online marketing procedure Google "AdWords" to place ads on the Google advertising network (e.g. in search results, in videos, on websites etc.) so that they are shown to users who presumably have an interest in the ads. This allows us to display ads for and within our online offering in a more targeted fashion so that users are only presented with ads that potentially correspond to their interests. If a user is e.g. shown ads for products which he has shown an interest in on other online offerings, this is referred to as "remarketing". For these purposes, when our website and other websites on which the Google ad network is active are accessed, Google immediately executes its own code and (re)marketing tags (invisible images or code, also called "web beacons") are embedded in the website. With their help, an individualized cookie, i.e. a small file, is saved on the user's device (instead of cookies, comparable technologies may also be used). This file contains information on which websites the user has visited, which content he is interested in, which offerings the user has clicked on, as well as technical information on the browser and operating system, referring websites, dwell time, as well as additional information on the use of the online offering.
Furthermore, we will receive an individual "conversion cookie". The information obtained with the aid of the cookie helps Google to create conversion statistics for us. However, we only receive the anonymous total number of users who have clicked on our ad and are forwarded to a page with an embedded conversion tracking tag. We do not receive any information which allows users to be personally identified.
The data of users is processed pseudonymously within the Google ad network. This means that Google does not save or process e.g. the name or e-mail address of users, but instead processes the relevant data in a cookie-specific manner within pseudonymous user profiles. Hence, from Google's point of view, the ads are not managed and displayed for a specific, identifiable person, but instead for the cookie owner, regardless of who this cookie owner is. This does not apply when a user has expressly permitted Google to process the data without this pseudonymization. The information collected about the users will be transmitted to Google and stored on Google's servers in the USA.
For more information on Google's use of data, configuration and objection options, please refer to Google's privacy statement (https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads) and the settings for the display of ads by Google (https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated).
14. Google Maps
We embed the maps of the service "Google Maps" by the provider Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. The data processed may include, in particular, IP addresses and location data of users. However, this information will not be collected without their consent (generally realized as part of their mobile device configuration). The data may be processed in the USA.Privacy statement: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/,Opt out: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.
15. Social media plug-ins
Our website utilizes plug-ins from social networks, in particular LinkedIn and SlideShare. You can identify this via the corresponding symbols on our website. We have configured these elements such that they are deactivated by default. If you activate the plug-ins (by clicking on them), the operators will be able to know that you are on our website and where, and will be able to use this information for their own purposes. The processing of your personal information then takes place within the scope of responsibility of this operator and according to his data protection provisions. We do not receive any information about you from him.
In particular for LinkedIn:The functions and content of the service LinkedIn are provided by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. This may include e.g. content such as images, videos, or texts and buttons with which users express their liking towards the content, or subscribe to the authors of the content or our posts. In cases where the users are members of the platform LinkedIn, LinkedIn will be able to link the accessing of the aforementioned content and functions to the user profiles on its site. LinkedIn's privacy statement: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy. LinkedIn also utilizes data in the USA, but is certified under the Privacy Shield agreement, through which it offers the guarantee that European data protection law will be adhered to (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000L0UZAA0&status=Active). Privacy statement: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy, Opt out: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.
16. Objection, changes, permissions, and updates
The user has the right to receive information on the personal data stored about him upon request at no charge. Furthermore, the user has the right to have incorrect data corrected, have his personal data blocked and deleted, as well as to object to our data processing, unless this is not possible due to statutory archival obligations. To assert these rights, you may contact the contact person specified under Section 2.
Furthermore, every data subject also has the right to assert their claims in court or to submit a complaint to the competent data protection authority. The competent data protection authority in Switzerland is the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (https://www.edoeb.admin.ch), and its counterpart in France is the Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés (https://www.cnil.fr/).
17. Disclosure of data and transmission overseas
As part of our business activities and the purposes specified in Section 4 and to the extent permitted and where we deem appropriate, we also disclose personal data to third parties, whether it is because they process this data for us, or because they intend to use it for their own purposes. In particular, this applies to the following entities:
Other companies in the Solvias Group;
Our service providers, including order processors (such as IT providers);
Domestic and overseas authorities, official bodies or courts, provided we are legally obliged to do so;
Purchasers or prospective purchasers of divisions, companies, or other parts of the Solvias Group;
Other parties in possible or actual legal proceedings;
referred to collectively as "recipient".
Some of these recipients are located domestically, but may be anywhere on the planet. In particular, you must expect your data to be transmitted to all countries in which the Solvias Group is represented by group companies, branch offices, or other offices (see https://www.solvias.com/en/contact/index.php) as well as to other European countries and the USA, where the service providers we use are located. When we transfer data to a country without sufficient legal data protection, we shall, as legally stipulated, utilize corresponding contracts (namely based on the Standard Contractual Clauses of the European Commission) or binding corporate rules for an appropriate level of protection, or rely on the legal exceptions of consent, contractual fulfillment, the identification, exercising, or enforcing of legal claims, or of published personal data. At any time, you can contact the person specified under Section 2 to request a copy of the aforementioned contractual guarantees, unless this has been provided in the preceding. However, we reserve the right to redact copies or only provide excerpts of them due to data protection laws or reasons of confidentiality.
Privacy policy
Sitemap
Developed by crome
Coded by suxesiv
© Solvias AG
/capabilities/services/