http://www.rpworld.net/privacy-policy.html
LOGIN
HOME
SERVICES
CNC MachiningInjection MoldingUrethane Casting3D PrintingSheet Metal FabricationSurface TreatmentDesign For Manufacturing
MATERIALS
Select a MaterialComparison Guide
RESOURCES
Case StudyBLOGVideosFAQSDOWNLOAD
NEWS
Company NewsIndustry News
ABOUT US
Who We AreWHY RPWORLDEnvironmentalCertificationCompany CultureContact Us
HOME
SERVICES
CNC Machining
Injection Molding
Urethane Casting
3D Printing
Sheet Metal Fabrication
Surface Treatment
Design For Manufacturing
MATERIALS
Select a Material
Comparison Guide
RESOURCES
Case Study
BLOG
Videos
FAQS
DOWNLOAD
NEWS
Company News
Industry News
ABOUT US
Who We Are
WHY RPWORLD
Environmental
Certification
Company Culture
Contact Us
get a quote
Privacy Policy
The Innorapid Group (‘Our Group or We’) is concerned to ensure that all personal data submitted through our website www.rpworld.com (“rpworld.com”), or by filling in forms are handled in strict adherence to the relevant provisions of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (PD(P)O) in Hong Kong. No matter where you are, where you live, or what your citizenship is, we provide the same standard of privacy protection to all our users around the world, regardless of their country of origin or location.
Collection of Information
For different purposes and at different times you may be invited to provide personal data to us through rpworld.com on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, telephone number, mailing address or e-mail address. We will specify the collection purpose and intended usage of your data when it invites you to provide such information and advise you how you may request access, correction or deletion of the personal data provided. You can also contact Support for more help.
We intend to require the minimum amount of personal information that is necessary to fulfill the propose of your interaction with us; However, some personal data will be mandatory in order for us to comply with mandatory client due diligence process before we are able to provide our services; we don’t collect information from children under 13 and we don’t collect sensitive data; we only use it as this Privacy Policy describes.
We will rely on the information provided by you as accurate, complete and up to date and you agree to ensure that this will be the case.
Use of personal information
We will only process personal information, in accordance with applicable law, for the following purposes:
i) Responding to your queries, requests, complaints and other communications;
ii) Providing our services to you;
iii) Enabling our authorized subcontractors or vendors to provide services to you;
iv) Allowing you to use features on our website;
v) Sending you marketing materials with your prior consent;
vi) Connecting or referring you to third parties with your prior consent;
vii) Ensuring the security of our business and preventing and detecting fraud;
viii) Complying with applicable law or request from a court of regulatory body.
We may share or disclose your personal information within our group companies, our authorized subcontractors or vendors to provide service to you or to comply with your requests; we don’t sell your personal information to third parties.
Unless permitted or required by law, we will not disclose your personal data to any third parties without your prior consent.
Rpworld.com uses SSL protocol to encrypt data during network transmission to protect your personal data. All personal data you provide to us via rpworld.com are secured, and access to them is restricted to authorized personnel only.
Use of cookies and page tagging
We will record the visits to rpworld.com by using cookies and page tagging without collecting any personal identifiable information of users.
CookiesA cookie is a small amount of data created in a computer when a person visits a website on the computer. It often includes an anonymous unique identifier. A cookie can be used to identify a computer. It, however, is not used to collect any personal information. In other words, it does not have the function of identifying an individual user of the website.
Cookies are used by Our Group to collect statistics about the number of visits of users to rpworld.com and the users’ preference of websites and online services offered on rpworld.com.
You may choose to accept or reject cookies. If you reject the cookies, you will not be able to use some of the functions of rpworld.com, such as saving your preferences in using the rpworld.com and accessing some online services on rpworld.com.Page taggingJavaScript and pixel tags are used to collect statistics on customer usage patterns of rpworld.com and our online services offered on rpworld.com; and for tracking the performance of our online advertisements. A pixel tag is a transparent image placed on certain webpages to collect data on user activities. The collected data are aggregated and analyzed for measuring the effectiveness, improving the usability of rpworld.com and the services / online advertisements provided on rpworld.com. No personal or identifiable information about a visitor would be collected.
You may disable JavaScript on your computer. Disabling JavaScript should not affect your access to rpworld.com, but you will not be able to use some of the rpworld.com functions, such as changing text size and accessing our online services offered through rpworld.com.
©2003-2020 RPWORLD All RIGHTS RESERVED
ISO 9001:2015 Certified
Get Support or Quote