https://www.ag.ndsu.edu/extension/privacy
North Dakota State University
About NDSU
Academics
Admission
Athletics
NDSU Extension
Accessibility
NDSU
›
NDSU Extension
›
Privacy Statement
NDSU Extension
About Us
Directory
County Extension Offices
Employment
Research Extension Centers
Academics & Research
Labs, Centers & Institutes
Upcoming Events
Impact Stories
Publications
Annual Highlights
Privacy Statement
Extension Info
4-H Youth Development
Crops
Children, Families & Finances
Disasters
Energy
Environment & Natural Resources
Farm Economics
Food & Nutrition
Lawns, Gardens & Trees
Leadership & Civic Engagement
Livestock
For Employees
Facebook Like Box
NDSU Ag Comm Web Services
Success Stories
Bovine Emergency Response Program
Aug 20, 2020
Livestock Risk Protection Insurance Education
Aug 20, 2020
Weekly Soybean Market Updates – Video Series
Aug 20, 2020
More…
View All Impact Statements
More News
Releases & Columns
Info
|
Share
Privacy Statement
The policy of the North Dakota State University Agriculture and University Extension is to respect the privacy of all users of information technology services. This electronic privacy statement is intended to inform the Agriculture and University Extension clients of Agriculture and University Extension information gathering and usage practices.
North Dakota University System Policy and Procedure, 1901.2, NDSU Policies and Procedures 158 and 710, and federal and state law stake precedence over this privacy statement.
Google Analytics Disclaimer
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Feel free to use and share this content, but please do so under the conditions of our Creative Commons license and our Rules for Use. Thanks.
Student Focused. Land Grant. Research Institution.
Map
Employment
Phone/Email Directory
Search
Privacy
Nondiscrimination
Mobile Site
NDSU Extension
NDSU Dept. 7000
311 Morrill Hall, P.O. Box 6050
Fargo, ND 58108-6050
Site Manager:
Bob Bertsch