http://www.greattutors.com/privacy.shtml
Skip to main content.
Navigation:
Home |
FAQ |
Testimonials |
Payment |
Feedback
Navigate Homepage
› Welcome
› Why us
› How it works
Areas of Expertise
› Probability Distributions
› Descriptive Statistics
› Hypothesis Testing
› Regression Analysis
› Analysis of Variance
› Nonparametric Statistics
› Survey Analysis
› Research statistics
› Statistical consulting
› SPSS, Minitab and Excel
› and much more ...
Testimonials
I would be taking this class over and
over if not for the "dream team", You have been great
and a lot of fun. -Vicki
You are excellent
- and yes, I will pass your info along down the line -
many will find you as helpful as I have . . . I am sure! -John
Your are a life saver. Now that I see the detailed explanation I
understand how to work the problems. -Amanda
Privacy Policy
GreatTutors.com is committed
to maintaining your confidence and trust, and accordingly maintains the
following privacy policy to protect personal information you provide online.
During the process of
delivering pages to you, GreatTutors.com does not collect any personally
identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number, or
e-mail address. However, GreatTutors.com does obtain some types of non-personally
identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider you use to
connect to the Internet, your browser type, or the type of computer operating
system you use. GreatTutors.com may combine this information with other users'
information and review it in an aggregate form to understand the type of individuals
who use a specific service.
In some cases, you may voluntarily provide
personal information in response to a specific service. This information will never
be made available to any third parties.
GreatTutors.com, as well as most sites on the
Internet, uses "cookies" to enhance your experience on the web. GreatTutors.com
cannot use these cookies to personally identify you in any way. If you do not
want the benefit of cookies, there is a simple procedure to manually delete your
cookies. Please consult your web browser's Help documentation for more information.
Staitstics Help Network: Statistics Forum
Talk Stats
Statistics Blog
Normal Table
Copyright © 2002-2010 GreatTutors.com. All Rights Reserved.
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy