https://www.mineconveyor.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Mine Info Hub
Skip to content
Mine Info Hub
Transforming ideas
Home
Tech
Entertainment
Sports
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
The Team
Drop Us A Line
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
Mine Info Hub ("Mine Info Hub")
operates https://www.mineconveyor.com and may operate other websites. It
is Mine Info Hub's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Mine Info Hub collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Mine Info Hub's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Mine Info Hub's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Mine Info Hub may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Mine Info Hub also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://www.mineconveyor.com
blogs/sites. Mine Info Hub only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Mine Info Hub's websites choose to interact
with Mine Info Hub in ways that require Mine Info Hub to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Mine Info Hub gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at https://www.mineconveyor.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Mine Info Hub are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Mine Info Hub collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Mine Info Hub. Mine Info Hub does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Mine Info Hub may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Mine Info Hub may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Mine Info Hub does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Mine Info Hub discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Mine Info Hub's behalf or to provide services available
at Mine Info Hub's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Mine Info Hub's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Mine Info Hub will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Mine Info Hub discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Mine Info Hub believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Mine Info Hub, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Mine Info Hub website and have supplied your email address, Mine Info Hub
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Mine Info Hub and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Mine Info Hub takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Mine Info Hub uses cookies to
help Mine Info Hub identify and track visitors, their usage of Mine Info Hub
website, and their website access preferences. Mine Info Hub visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Mine Info Hub's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Mine Info Hub's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Mine Info Hub, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Mine Info Hub goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Mine Info Hub may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Mine Info Hub and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Mine Info Hub may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Mine Info Hub's sole
discretion. Mine Info Hub encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a https://www.mineconveyor.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Advert
TagsBusiness
buying a yacht
Claims
College Education
Consolidate Loan
Contractor Mortgages
entertainment
Entrepreneur
Entrepreneurship
Environment
Financing
gadgets
Insurance
Lawyer
Lending
Machines
monetize
music
online
online business
phones
Photography
professional
psychic
reading
Recycle
sell
Service
Sew
Sewing
steel strapping
strapping
Student Loan
tech
tips
top
Trash
types of strapping
used yacht
VA
virtual assistant
Waste
work online
yachts
Young People
Facebook
Facebook
Recent Posts
Considerations when Hiring a Workers Compensation Lawyer
Things to Consider When Buying T-Shirts Online
What Services Can Your Business Get From An Accountant?
How Aluminum Extrusion Can Benefit Your Industry
Why You Should Use a Vaporizer to Consume Cannabis
How to Develop a Business Blueprint
Benefits of Business Blueprints
What Are the Benefits of a Car Inspection?
Pages
AC Repair
Drop Us A Line
How to find an immigration lawyer
Privacy Policy
Sports
Terms of Use
The Team
Follow UsAdvert
Categories
Auto
Business
Cuisine
Education
Entertainment
Environment
Furniture
Guides
Hobbies
Home improvement
Insurance
Law
Metals
Outsourcing
Pets
Photography
Readings
Service
Sewing Machines
Shopping
Tech
Technology
Uncategorized
Vape