http://www.firepoint.cc/privacyCode.htm
Privacy Code
COMMITMENT TO DATA PRIVACY PROTECTION
Protecting the security and privacy of your personal information is important to Firepoint Technologies Inc. We conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws on data privacy protection and data security. We hope the policy outlined below will help you understand the nature of data that Firepoint Technologies Inc. may collect, how Firepoint Technologies Inc. uses and safeguards that data, and with whom we may share it.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Firepoint Technologies Inc. will not collect any personal information about you through our Website, (e.g. your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), unless you voluntarily choose to provide it (e.g. by registration, survey, calendar event submission, bulletin subscription, request for service, or article submission), explicitly provide your consent, or unless otherwise permitted or required by applicable laws and regulations for protection of your personal information.
PURPOSE OF USE
When you do provide us with personal information through our Website, we usually use it to respond to your inquiry, process your order or provide you with access to specific information or offers. Also, to support our customer relationship with you, we may store and process personal information to better understand your business needs and how we can improve our products and services; or we (or a third party on our behalf) may use personal information to contact you about a Firepoint Technologies Inc. offer in support of your business needs or to conduct online surveys to understand better our customers' needs. If you choose not to have your personal information used to support our customer relationship (especially direct marketing or market research), we will respect your choice. We do not sell or otherwise market your personal information to third parties.
PURPOSE LIMITATION
Firepoint Technologies Inc. will collect, use or disclose personal information supplied by you online only for the purposes disclosed to you, unless the use of the personal information:
is for an additional purpose that is directly related to the original purpose for which the personal information was collected,
is necessary to prepare, negotiate and perform a contract with you,
is required by law or the competent governmental or judicial authorities,
is necessary to establish or preserve a legal claim or defense,
is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities, such as willful attacks on Firepoint Technologies Inc. information or Website.
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY
When you access our Website, we may automatically (i.e., not by registration) collect non-personal information (e.g. type of Internet browser and operating system used, domain name of the Website from which you came, number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed). We may use this information to monitor the attractiveness of our Website and improve performance or content.
COMMUNICATIONS OR UTILIZATION DATA
Through your use of telecommunications services to access our Website, your communications data (e.g. Internet protocol address) or utilization data (e.g. information on the session start time, end time and extent of each access, and information on the telecommunications services you accessed) are technically generated and could conceivably relate to personal information. To the extent that there is a compelling necessity, the collection, processing and use of your communications or utilization data will occur and will be performed in accordance with the applicable data privacy protection legal framework.
COOKIES
When you access the Firepoint Technologies Inc. Website, we may make use of a browser feature called a 'cookie' to collect information that is not personally identifiable (such as the type of Internet browser and operating system you use, the domain name of the website through which you accessed our Website, number of visits, average time spent on our Website, and pages viewed). A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that identifies your browser, but not you, to our computers each time you visit any portion of our Website that makes use of cookies. In addition to the identified purposes described in our Privacy Code, we may use this Website information and share it with our affiliates and other organizations with whom we have a commercial relationship to measure the use of our Website and to improve the functionality and content of the Website. If you wish, you can reset your browser either to notify you when you have received a cookie or refuse to accept cookies. However, if you refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to use some of the features available on our Website.
ONLINE COMMUNICATIONS
In order to provide you with a product, service or information, you may voluntarily submit personal information to us for purposes such as registration, queries, correspondence, making a purchase, obtaining a quote or other information, and participating in surveys. If you are known to Firepoint Technologies Inc. as a registered user of an online service, we may combine and store personal information about your use of our Website and the online information you have provided with certain other online and offline information we may have collected.
E-MAIL COMMUNICATIONS
Occasionally, we may send you e-mail communications with information that may be useful to you, including information about the products and services of Firepoint Technologies Inc., its affiliates and other third parties with whom we have a commercial relationship. We will include instructions on how to unsubscribe and inform us of your preferences if you decide you do not want to receive any future marketing or promotional e-mails from Firepoint Technologies Inc. However, if you are a customer, supplier or otherwise have a commercial relationship with Firepoint Technologies Inc., to ensure that you receive important information, you agree that we may send you non-marketing related information when necessary.
LINKS
Our Website may contain links to other websites which are provided to you as a convenience only. You are advised that other third party websites may have different privacy practices than Firepoint Technologies Inc., and Firepoint Technologies Inc. has no responsibility for such third party websites.
SECURITY
To protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration and against unauthorized disclosure or access, Firepoint Technologies Inc. uses technical and organizational security measures.
QUESTIONS AND COMMENTS
Firepoint Technologies Inc. will respond to reasonable requests to review your personal information and to correct, amend or delete any inaccuracies. If you have any questions or comments about the Firepoint Technologies Inc. Privacy Code, or to review and update your personal information, please contact our office.
BACKCopyright © Firepoint Inc - All Rights Reserved
Contact Firepoint
Inc
27-180 Wilkinson Road, Brampton, ON, L6T 4W8
Phone: 905-874-9400
Fax: 905-874-9479