http://www.zooknoxville.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Zoo Knoxville
Tickets
Zoo Map
Donate
Toggle navigation
Visitor Info
Animals
Experiences
Education
Support the Zoo
About
Privacy Policy
Last modified: 3/2/2020
Introduction
Zoo Knoxville (“Company” or “We”) takes the privacy and security of our customers very seriously and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Policy.
We provide this Policy because you have the right to know what information we collect, how it is protected, and how it is used.
The mission of Knoxville Zoological Gardens is to celebrate the wonders of the natural world. Through education, conservation, exhibition, research and recreation, the zoo will tell the stories of the animals, the plants, and the people who make up the communities of the earth. The zoo will help develop positive attitudes and actions about nature and about conservation as a local and global issue.
Our web site – https://www.zooknoxville.org/ – is an important tool in the pursuit of this mission. We have developed this policy to make it safe and easy for you to use. This Policy is part of and is incorporated in Zoo Knoxville’s Terms of Use.
This Policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website; and
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party; or
Any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the Website.
Please read this document carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you may choose not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this Policy. This Policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy Section Below). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Policy periodically for updates.
Children under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 without express parental consent. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or make any purchases through the Website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without express parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information collected from a child under 13 without parental consent, please contact us at zkwebmaster@zooknoxville.org.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We may collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number (“personal information“);
That is about you but individually does not identify you; and/or
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We may collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering, posting material, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted“) on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions“). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically may include personal information or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Zoo Knoxville, our customers, or others.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Policy on this page. The date the Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Website and this Policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Policy and our privacy practices or to register a complaint or concern, please contact us at: zkwebmaster@zooknoxville.org
ZOO KNOXVILLE
3500 Knoxville Zoo Drive
Knoxville, TN 37914
865.637.5331
Mon Tues Wed 9-2
Thurs Fri Sat Sun 9-4
Zoo Knoxville will be closed on November 26 (Thanksgiving), December 24 (Christmas Eve) & December 25 (Christmas Day)
Jobs
Internships
Volunteer
Annual Pass
Media
Contact Us
©2020 Knoxville Zoological Gardens
Terms of use
Privacy policy