http://www.daltai.com/terms/
Daltai na Gaeilge
HOME | VIEW CART | EMAIL LIST SIGNUP
GO
About Us
i nGaeilge
In English
Help Support Our Work
Forums
Shop
Events
Classes
United States
Canada
Other Countries
Online Learning
Phrases
Bed & Bath
Dishes, Cutlery, Furniture
Food and Drink Terms
Good Bye
How Are You?
In The Class Room
Meeting Someone
Other Rooms & Places
Personal Information
Pleasantries
Grammar
Abbreviations
An Séimhiú
Autonomous Form
Conditional Form
Future Tense
Habitual Past Tense
Irregular Verbs
Past Tense
Prepositional Pronouns
Present Tense
Pronunciation Key
Similes
Proverbs
Seanfhocal na Seachtaine
Living and Dying
Material Things
Personal Qualities / Types of People
Relationships / Dealing With Others
The Bigger World
Games
Puzzles
Quizzes
Word Searches
Articles
News
Terms
Daltaí Shop: Featured Item:
Home ›
Terms
Terms, Conditions & Privacy
Copyright
The information contained on this site is copyrighted and, except as provided below, may not be distributed, modified, reproduced in whole or in part without the prior written permission of Daltaí na Gaeilge, Inc. Images and sound files from this site, including the Daltaí "fish" logo, may not be reproduced in any form without the prior advance written consent of Daltaí na Gaeilge, Inc. Systematic retrieval of data or other content from this site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory without written permission from Daltaí na Gaeilge is prohibited.
Permitted Reproduction
Printed and electronic copies of articles and other pages on the Daltaí Web site may be made for personal and non-profit educational use provided they remain in their original form and include our copyright notice.
Linking
Linking to the Daltaí Web site is encouraged provided that all content is presented in its original form and is not placed within a frame.
Forums Use
The Daltaí Forums are intended to promote a free exchange of ideas and knowledge concerning the Irish language and its grammar. Contributors to the Daltaí Forums grant Daltaí na Gaeilge the right to use, reproduce, transmit, distribute and adapt their work, royalty-free, for non-profit, educational purposes. Daltaí na Gaeilge reserves the right to screen, edit or remove postings to the Forums, but accepts no responsibility for any of the content which appears therein. Copyrighted content posted to the Forums without permission will be deleted. Likewise, topics/posts linking to torrent feeds or encouraging the unauthorized distribution of copyrighted material will be deleted. External copyrighted content may be linked to and, if necessary, accompanied by a brief excerpt for purposes of explanation. Daltaí does not permit the posting of Spam (unsolicited commercial messages or links) on our boards. Posts that contain such material will be immediately deleted as will the user account (if any) of the poster.
Forum members and guests should use the same courtesy as they would when speaking face-to-face with someone. Flames, insults and personal attacks will not be tolerated and will be deleted or archived at the discretion of the Board Administrators. Likewise political discussions may also be deleted or archived at the discretion of the Board Administrators. Postings contrary to the foregoing should be brought to the attention of a Board Administrator. Those who repeatedly ignore this policy may be permanently banned from posting. Also, good taste should be exercised when selecting signatures and/or profile entries. Inflammatory and/or obscene entries/pictures will be deleted.
The posting of original audio files containing spoken words are permitted for educational/instructional purposes only, e.g. to demonstrate Irish pronunication of a word or words in a particular dialect. By posting an audio file you represent and warrant: (1) the content is an original work, created and owned by you, (2) it will not cause injury to any person or entity and, (3) Daltaí na Gaelige, Inc., can use, reproduce, transmit, distribute and adapt your work, royalty-free, for non-profit, educational purposes. Files must be compressed (.mp3) audio files, < 1MB in size.
Liability
Users agree to indemnify and hold harmless Daltaí na Gaeilge from all legal claims arising out of their use of the Daltaí Web site.
Choice of Law
Claims arising from use of the Daltaí Web site and all sales at Siopa Dhaltaí (The Daltaí Shop) are governed by New Jersey law, without giving effect to its conflict of law provisions.
Privacy
Siopa Dhaltaí
We collect personal information necessary for processing orders made via Siopa Dhaltaí. Daltaí na Gaeilge has established a merchant account with Paypal for the convenience of those who prefer to pay by credit card. Daltaí na Gaeilge has no control over information collected by Paypal. We suggest that you review Paypal's privacy practices, before using their service. http://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=p%2Fgen%2Fprivacy-outside
Email List
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.
Teachers List
If a user wishes to be placed on our Teachers List, we ask for contact information such as name, address, phone numnber, email address and course location and description.
The Daltaí Forums
Users are not required to supply their email address in order to read or post to the Forums. However, a valid email address is required to register. Once registered, the user determines whether their email address will be visible to other registered users (they are never visible to unregistered users). Supplied email addresses will be used by Daltaí for administering the board only and for no other purpose. (See "Sharing of Information" below.)
The Daltaí Irish Quiz
Users are not required to supply their email address in order to take a quiz, but can if they would like their quiz score mailed to them.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information, with the possible exception of the Daltaí Forums (see above).
Sharing of Information
We do not sell or rent personally identifiable information or share it with anyone. We will disclose personal information when required to do so by legal process issued by a court of competent jurisdiction or if requested by a law enforecement agency conducting a criminal investigation.
Removal of Information
Users who would like any other personally identifiable information concerning themselves or their organization removed from our records can contact us via email at this address: daltai1@daltai.com. If we have the information, it will be removed.
Contact Information:
Daltaí na Gaeilge is a not for profit corporation organized under the laws of the State of New Jersey, United States of America. We can be reached at:
Daltaí na GaeilgeEmail: daltai1@daltai.com
Home :
About Us :
Forums :
Shop :
Events :
Classes :
Phrases :
Grammar :
Proverbs :
Games :
Articles :
News
© 2020 Daltaí na Gaeilge
All Rights Reserved. |
Tell a Friend about Daltaí na Gaeilge |
Site Directory | Terms & Privacy