http://www.cdc.gov/Other/policies.html
Skip directly to site content
Skip directly to page options
Skip directly to A-Z link
Using CDC.gov
Section Navigation
CDC Home
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Syndicate
Policies and Regulations
Minus
Related Pages
Accessibility
Report an accessibility problem, Section 508, Assistance with accessing CDC information.
FOIA
Check Status of Current Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Requests, Review materials pertaining to the records of CDC and ATSDR.
Guidelines for Public Comments
Review the CDC  public comments guidlines
PHIL Image Reuse Terms and Conditions
CDC permits reuse of some, but not all, images found on this website.
Linking to CDC.gov
CDC.gov (www.cdc.gov)(https://www.cdc.gov/index.htm) is the official Web site of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). It is a public domain Web site, which means you may link to CDC.gov at no cost and without specific permission.
Use of Agency Materials
Most of the information on the CDC and ATSDR websites is not subject to copyright, is in the public domain, and may be freely used or reproduced without obtaining copyright permission.
Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (the No FEAR Act)
CDC Follows Public Law 107-174 (No FEAR Act), CDC Equal Employment Opportunity Data.
Peer Review Agenda
OMB Information Quality Peer Review Agenda
Plain Writing at CDC
Our promise to the public: Writing you can understand.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Notice, Use of Cookies
Privacy Ruleexternal icon
Legislation and Regulation, Additional information
Social Media Public Comment Policy
Review the CDC Social Media comment policy and disclaimer
Website Exit Notification/Disclaimer
Rules, regulations and more information on links to other sites from CDC.gov.
Page last reviewed:
December 12, 2019 Content source:
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
homeUsing CDC.gov
About CDC.govplus icon
Search Tips
File Formats
CDC Email Updatesplus icon
Featured Newsletters
Subscribe to Newsletters
Manage Subscriptions
Frequently Asked Questions
Policies and Regulationsplus icon
Guidelines for Public Comments
Linking to CDC.gov
Use of Agency Materials
PHIL Image Reuse Terms and Conditions
Plain Writing
Privacy Policyplus icon
Current Third Party Tools/Pages
Our Cookie Policy
Mobile Privacy Policy
Web Site Disclaimers
CDC Nondiscrimination notice
Language Assistance
Get Email Updates
To receive email updates about this page, enter your email address:
Email Address
What's this?
Submit
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
SAS
stats
Exit Notification/Disclaimer Policy
Close
Links with this icon
indicate that you are leaving the CDC website.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) cannot attest to the accuracy of a non-federal website.
Linking to a non-federal website does not constitute an endorsement by CDC or any of its employees of the sponsors or the information and products presented on the website.
You will be subject to the destination website's privacy policy when you follow the link.
CDC is not responsible for Section 508 compliance (accessibility) on other federal or private website.
For more information on CDC's web notification policies, see Website Disclaimers.
Cancel
Continue