http://www.weedcenter.org/hemp-flower-benefits-side-effects-legality/
CBD Hemp Flower: Benefits, Side Effects, and Legality
HomeHemp CBD BlogCBD Hemp Flower: Benefits, Side Effects, and Legality
Mar 17, 2020
No Comments »
Hemp flower is possibly the most widespread hemp product available throughout the market. Popular vendors such as industrial hemp farms carry hemp flower and sell it online. Giving people access to hemp in its rawest form, hemp flower is as close to nature as it gets – no processing, no added chemicals, no alterations, just one hundred percent pure cannabinoids contained in their original form. Needless to say, the organic, all-natural appeal of hemp flower has made it a prized choice among countless users. But do we fully understand what we’re getting when we buy an ounce or two?
There’s more to CBD hemp flower than meets the eye. Find out more about this miracle herb and discover why it may or may not be the best choice in your situation.
The Benefits of CBD Hemp Flower
Oils, tinctures, topicals, edibles, and even skincare products all satiate the hemp market, but hemp flower reigns supreme. Obviously, people appreciate how close to nature raw flower is, but there are more benefits to the herb than simply its proximity to the source.
Entourage Effect – The ‘Entourage Effect’ is a theory proposed by researchers, claiming that the cannabinoids in hemp work best when you keep them together. Some products try to isolate certain cannabinoids – like the ever popular cannabidiol – to provide people more ‘potent’ effects, but research suggests otherwise.
By keeping the plant’s chemistry intact, each of these individual cannabinoids become more efficient at what they do. In effect, it’s like every separate chemical compound works to elevate the others, heightening the potency of effects to give you more benefits despite taking lower dosages.
Fast Delivery – There is no method of hemp intake that proves to be faster than smoking. When you take hemp in the form of raw flower, the smoke almost instantly infuses into the blood stream. In fact, research has found that after just 10 minutes of smoking, up to 56% of the chemical compounds in hemp flower is taken up into the blood.
Highest Bioavailability – The term ‘bioavailability’ refers to the number of chemical compounds that are ready to be taken up into the system upon use. Compared to any other hemp-derived product, CBD hemp flower offers the highest level of bioavailability. For you, that means that when you smoke raw flower, it becomes more likely to experience the most potent effects of its cannabinoids.
This is unlike other forms of CBD products like edibles which are broken down in the gut, thus reducing the actual number of cannabinoids your system gets. The same can be said for topical formulations and even oils that are processed post-harvest, leading to the inevitable loss of cannabinoids.
Curbs Cigarette Smoking Addiction – One of the unique benefits of CBD hemp flower is that it’s a smarter, cleaner, healthier alternative to cigarette smoking. Studies have found that quitting cold turkey can be a supremely difficult task for chronic smokers, thus requiring a substitute that can help them wean off of the habit.
CBD hemp flower can help chronic smokers overcome their impulse, and may help reduce the impact of years of cigarette exposure. With time, hemp flower can also make it possible for cigarette users to reject any form of smoking altogether, especially because hemp itself does not develop a dependence.
Affordability and Availability – Across the board, hemp flower proves to be the cheapest way to get your daily dose of hemp. A top shelf strain can cost even less than $10 for smaller amounts, making it easy for anyone to enjoy and obtain. There’s also no such thing as running out of hemp flower, since many dispensaries and CBD specialty stores across the market tout raw flower as their frontliner.
The Side Effects of CBD Hemp Flower
Just like any other consumable substance, CBD hemp flower isn’t without its fair share of side effects. For the most part, the biggest issue you might be confronted with is cotton mouth. As the only form of hemp that dries out the mouth, you might be left with thick, viscous saliva and a dry grainy feel in your mouth after smoking a bowl of hemp flower.
Some other side effects of raw flower include:
Reddening of the eyes
Dizziness
Headaches
Excessive sleepiness
Feelings of hunger
Nausea
Keep in mind that this isn’t an all-inclusive list and that each person reacts differently to hemp depending on their unique physiology. It’s also important to know that some people don’t experience side effects at all, and some of these might even be helpful towards assisting in the treatment of certain conditions. For instance, a person suffering from sleeplessness or lack of appetite would definitely find relief in a hemp strain that induces both.
What’s important is that hemp flower will rarely – if ever – cause any side effects significant enough to be a cause for alarm. If you’re a low tolerance user, then it might be ideal to adjust your hemp flower dosage or to try taking CBD in a different form altogether.
Legality of Hemp Flower
To be perfectly clear – hemp flower is legal to own, buy, and sell across all 50 states owing to the fact that it is no longer considered a controlled substance. But it’s important to remember that hemp and marijuana – it’s psychoactive brother – can look and smell identical. And because marijuana is a controlled substance in most states, it’s ideal that you avoid using or bringing hemp with you to avoid any confusion with law enforcement.
On the other hand, individuals residing in states that have legalized recreational marijuana shouldn’t be concerned about being caught in possession of hemp. Similarly, there are also some states that allow individuals to grow their own personal marijuana supply at home – whether or not they need the substance for medical purposes. In these areas, growing hemp at home is also permissible by law, as long as you keep the number of your plants within the designated limit.
STATE
LEGAL AMOUNT TO CARRY (ounces)
LEGAL NUMBER OF CANNABIS PLANTS
Alaska
1
6 (3 mature, 3 immature)
California
8
6 mature or 12 immature
Colorado
2
6 (3 mature, 3 immature)
Illinois
2.5
–
Maine
2.5
6
Michigan
2.5
12
Nevada
2.5
12
Oregon
24
24 (6 mature, 18 immature)
Vermont
2
9 (2 mature, 7 immature)
Washington
8
6
A Modern Agricultural Miracle
There’s a lot to love about CBD hemp flower – from its wealth of benefits to its properties that support our wellness. But then again, it isn’t without a few kinks here and there. Needless to say, CBD hemp flower might not be for everyone, especially those with unique sensitivities. But for majority of those who have been exposed to the wonders of the modern agricultural miracle that is hemp, its raw flower proves to be the best way to leverage the potent herb’s benefits.
Share This Post
Leave a Reply
Click here to cancel reply.
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Recent Posts
The Best Hemp Oil Brands List for 2020
Mar 26, 2020
CBD Hemp Flower: Benefits, Side Effects, and Legality
Mar 17, 2020
Top 5 Strongest Weed Strains of 2020
Mar 10, 2020
Understand What Is Real About Marijuana Deaths
Mar 10, 2020
What Are the Differences Between Hash Weed and Marijuana
Mar 10, 2020
Archives
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
Categories
Cannabis Blog
Cannabis Strains
Hemp CBD Blog
Hemp Strains