http://www.noble.org/about/policies/privacy-policy/
About
Policies
Privacy Policy
Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Noble Mobile Application Terms of Use
Financial Conflict of Interest Policy
Trademark Use Policy
Share:
Facebook
Twitter
Email
This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) is intended to help you understand how Noble Research Institute, LLC, including affiliates (the “Institute”) collects and uses your personal data, as well as how the Institute shares, stores, and protects that data.
This Policy applies to personal data the Institute collects through its websites, electronic forms, surveys, mobile applications, and emails and other electronic messages between you and the Institute (collectively, the “Forums”). By accessing or using the Forums, you hereby agree to be bound by this Policy. This Policy is in addition to the Institute’s Terms of Use (“Terms”) (www.noble.org/terms-of-use) which govern your use of the Institute website.This Policy does not apply to third party forums that may be accessed by a link from the Institute’s website.  The Institute encourages you to read the privacy policy and terms of use for each third party forum you visit.
Data Collection
The Institute collects your personal data when you voluntarily provide it to the Institute, such as by registering for programs and events, signing up to receive email newsletters from the Institute, applying for a job at the Institute, creating an account, making a donation, or otherwise corresponding with the Institute through the Forums. This personal data includes names, email addresses, residence information, phone numbers, credit card information, and any other personal data you choose to provide the Institute.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Institute may collect some data automatically. For example, when you visit the Institute website, the Institute may collect your Internet service provider (ISP) and browser type and language. The Institute also may use cookies, which are small text files stored on your computer, and similar technologies to collect data about your interaction with the Forums, including any referring webpage, pages visited on the Forums, and crash data. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Institute website. By using the Institute website with your browser setting adjusted to accept cookies, you consent to the Institute’s use of cookies and similar technologies on the Institute website. Some browsers have a ‘do not track’ feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. These features are not yet consistent or uniform, so the Institute is currently not set up to respond to those signals.
The Institute may receive personal data about you from third parties and other sources, including your company, professional references, publicly-available sources, third-party analytics providers, and other third parties.
The Institute does not engage in the collection of personal data across third-party websites, and does not permit third parties to gather information passively on the Forums for behavioral advertising purposes.
The Institute will not intentionally collect “special categories of personal data” as defined under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) without your explicit consent (for one or more specified purposes) or as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law. Special categories of personal data under GDPR include data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health, and data concerning a person’s sexual orientation and lifestyle or any related information.
Data Use
The Institute may use the collected information to communicate with you, maintain and improve the website, process program and event registrations, administer the Institute’s charitable activities, protect the Institute’s rights and the safety of others, comply with applicable legal obligations, and/or fulfill any other purpose for which you provide the information.
The Institute will process your personal data on one or more of the following legal bases in no particular order: (1) you have consented to the processing; (2) processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party; (3) processing is necessary to comply with the Institute’s  legal obligation(s); (4) processing is necessary to protect your or another natural person’s vital interests; (5) processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest; and/or (6) processing is necessary for the Institute’s legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Data Sharing
The Institute does not sell, rent, or otherwise disclose your personal data to any third parties, except as described below.
The Institute may disclose your personal data to third-party service providers who use the information to perform services on the Institute’s behalf. The Institute requires all third-party service providers to use and process your personal data in accordance with the law, the Institute’s instructions, and relevant industry security standards. The Institute does not share your personal data with any third party for their marketing purposes.
The Institute may use or disclose your personal data as the Institute deems necessary or appropriate under applicable laws to respond to requests from public governmental and regulatory authorities; to comply with court orders, litigation procedures, and other legal processes; to obtain legal remedies or limit the Institute’s damages; and to protect the rights, safety, or property of the Institute’s employees, you, or others.
Data Security
The transmission of data over the internet is not completely secure. The Institute cannot guarantee the security of any information submitted through the Forums.
However, the Institute is committed to protecting your personal information and your privacy. The Institute maintains what it considers to be appropriate technical and organizational measures to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of your data. The Institute also limits access to your personal data to the Institute’s employees, agents, and third-party service providers who need to know that information in order to provide services to the Institute and you.
The Institute has procedures to address any personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach when the Institute is legally required to do so.
Data Retention
The Institute retains your data only as long as is necessary for the Institute’s legitimate interests, in accordance with the Institute’s retention policies, and in accordance with applicable laws.
Individual Rights
You have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
To request access to or correct your personal data;
To request your personal data be erased (1) if it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was processed; (2) if you have withdrawn your consent to or object to its processing and there is no other legitimate grounds for processing it; or (3) if you consider the data to have been unlawfully processed;
To request a copy of your personal data;
To request that the processing of your personal data be restricted if you contest the data’s accuracy, its processing is unlawful, or you have objected to its processing and await verification of the Institute’s legitimate grounds for processing it;
To request transfer of your personal data to another company under certain circumstances; and
To lodge a complaint with your data protection regulator if you feel that your personal data has been unlawfully processed
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact websupport@noble.org. The Institute may request verification information in order to complete your request.
Transfer of Information to the United States
The Forums are operated in the United States. If you are located anywhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information the Institute collects, including personal information, may be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States. By using the website or providing the Institute with any information, you consent to the transfer, processing, and storage of the Institute’s information in the United States.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California law, a California resident with whom the Institute has an established relationship has the right to request certain information with respect to the types of personal information the Institute has shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes (if any), and the identities of those third parties, within the immediately preceding calendar year, subject to certain exceptions. In response to a written request, the Institute is allowed to provide a cost-free means to opt-out of such sharing.
Since the Institute does not provide your personal data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, it is not necessary for the Institute to establish this procedure; however, if you do not want the Institute to use your personal data to provide information about the Institute’s programs, please follow the cost-free opt-out procedures in the Individual Rights section of this Policy.
Changes to this Policy
The Institute will post any changes to this Policy on this page, with a notice that this Policy has been updated on the Institute website home page. You are responsible for periodically visiting the Institute website and this Policy to check for any changes. In the event of a change, your continued use of the Forums is affirmation that you have read and understand the revised Policy and you agree to be bound by the revised Policy. Changes are effective when they are posted.
Contact Information
Any questions, complaints, or comments about this Policy and/or the Institute’s privacy practices should be sent to the Institute at websupport@noble.org or by mail to: Noble Research Institute, LLC, Office of Legal Affairs, 2510 Sam Noble Pkwy, Ardmore, OK 73401.
Last Updated: [October 1, 2019]
Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Noble Mobile Application Terms of Use
Financial Conflict of Interest Policy
Trademark Use Policy
Share:
Facebook
Twitter
Email
We use Facebook Pixel and other cookies to optimize user experience. For additional information, review our Privacy Policy.
Learn More
Dismiss
Search
People
Michael Udvardi, Ph.D.
Hugh Aljoe
Steve Upson
Eddie Funderburg, Ed.D.
Russell Stevens
James Rogers, Ph.D.
Elison Blancaflor, Ph.D.
Carolyn Young, Ph.D.
Popular
7 Steps to Creating A Successful Ranch Management Plan
Soil and Water Relationships
What Does Organic Matter Do In Soil?
Determine Land Area and Distance With Your Smartphone
Beneficial Microbes for Agriculture
Things to Know Before Buying a Ranch
Manure scoring determines supplementation needs
Top 10 Liming Questions
Back to Basics: The Roles of N, P, K and Their Sources
The Feral Hog in Oklahoma
Recent
Farmers and Ranchers Can Prepare for Changes to the Tax Code With Free Online Learning Event
Noble Research Institute Selected as One of the Top Workplaces in Oklahoma
Capturing Bird Calls and Other Wildlife Sounds With Bioacoustics
End-of-Year Tax Planning for Farmers and Ranchers
Add Income With Pecan Truffles
Cleaning Up Pecan Orchards Hit by Ice Storms
Winter Cow Supplementation: Protein and Energy Explained
Building Soil Organic Carbon With Plant Roots
5 Myths People Believe About Roots
Hunter Data Can Help Manage Deer Populations