http://www.nightvision4u.com/catalog/privacy.php?osCsid=b910h4krr8n2hj1uj6rpotb4n6
laser range finders, image stabilizers, night vision
Log In
My Account
Cart Contents
Checkout
[ 0 Items
$0.00USD    0 lbs  ]
|
Home |
Site Map |
Specials |
Reviews |
Catalog |
Features |
About Us |
Contact Info |
Top » Catalog » Privacy Notice
Quick Find
Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search
Categories
Night VisionLaser Range FindersImage StabilizersMilitary and PoliceGift Voucher
View All Products
Currencies
US Dollar
Customer Service
About UsShipping & ReturnsPrivacy NoticeConditions of UseOrder TrackingContact UsGift Voucher FAQ
Privacy Notice
At NightVision4u.com, the privacy and protection of your personal information is one of our No.1 concerns in providing you the best possible customer service. This privacy policy gives you control over how your personal information is collected, used or given out. Doing this we can demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy.
1. We give our Customers Control of How Information About Them Is Used. NightVision4u.com obtains your express or implied consent before we collect or use your personal information, or disclose it to others (except as required by law or for our protection).
2. Why Do We Need Your Personal Information?While you can visit the NightVision4u.com Web site without registering or providing any personal information, it is necessary for us to collect a minimum amount of data to be able to provide our customers with a satisfactory level of service. We require this data for the following uses: . Establishing and maintaining a commercial relationship with you by building your NightVision4u.com account . To comply with legal requirements . Provide you with ongoing service . Responding to your inquiries . Fulfilling and tracking your orders . Basic Email communications with you - confirmation of orders, notification of requests for quote opportunities, etc. In order for you to maximize your experience with NightVision4u.com, we also recommend that you ask us to send you the following information when you complete your Registration: NightVision4u.com News Bulletin - a weekly newsletter featuring product specials and announcements. Special Announcements - notice of sales, new product announcements, contests, surveys and other promotional offerings. NightVision4u.com Updates - news releases, site updates and changes to our policies, terms or conditions.
3. How Do We Use Your Information?When you register with our site, we ask for your: . First, middle, and last name . email address Then we ask you to create a password. We use this to contact you when necessary. When you become a registered user, we also ask if you would like to receive email communication from us. NightVision4u.com will send email only if you have agreed to receive it. You do not have to receive such mailings in order to become a registered user and you may also unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions included in all email communications. We may also use information from your account based on your site visits to generate statistics and aggregate reports for internal use, which may be shown to affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors, and partners. These statistics and aggregate reports will not contain any personally identifiable information and your identity will be kept anonymous. Certain confidential information, such as passwords and credit card numbers, is not disclosed in any of these reports.  Request For Quote When you submit a Quote Request, we ask you to enter basic information about you and your company. You may update this information at any time. Each field indicates whether it is private or public information. As part of the Request For Quote process, your personal information is not disclosed until you choose to make contact with a seller. This initial contact reveals only your e-mail address. Once you begin dialog with a seller, it is up to you to determine what personal information to reveal.
4. With Whom Does NightVision4u.com Share Your Information?If you purchase a product or service from NightVision4u.com, or an NightVision4u.com partner the information you give, - such as your credit card number, purchase information, and contact information, - is provided to the banking merchant. Details regarding your purchase are of course supplied to the distributor or vendor partner for the purpose of shipping your purchase to you. This is necessary to complete the transaction. We will not disclose your personal information to third parties, except to the extent necessary to provide you with a requested service, under circumstances required by law, or, - in limited cases, - to our business partners as outlined in this policy. You will not be contacted directly by any third party as a result of your relationship with NightVision4u.com unless you have given us permission to do so. Any business partners with whom we share your information will be subject to confidentiality restrictions preventing them from sharing your personal information with others.
5. Security of Your Personal Information.Our site has stringent security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. When you transmit credit card information to complete a purchase or verify data, we always transmit that credit card number in an encrypted format. We use the industry standard 128-bit SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. In addition to our encryption standards, your NightVision4u.com account information is password-protected so that you and only you have access to this personal information. Please do not disclose your password to anyone. Always remember to log out of your NightVision4u.com account and close your browser window when your transactions are complete. This helps keep your account safe. While we strive to protect your personal information, no data transmission over the Internet is guaranteed to be 100% secure. Thus, NightVision4u.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information during transmission to or from our site, and you submit information to us at your own risk. However, we do our best to ensure the highest level of security on our systems.
6. CookiesWe are committed to providing personalized products and services to you. In order to do so, NightVision4u.com uses cookies to store a unique identifier. A cookie is defined as a small amount of text that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. If your browser is configured to enable cookies, then your browser adds the text sent to the appropriate file. Your browser will only allow NightVision4u.com to read cookies that came from our Web servers. This means that other Web sites will not be able to use any information that NightVision4u.com stores on your computer as a cookie. NightVision4u.com uses cookies to tell us that you have visited our site before, and to automatically display information you have requested. They are used to help us simplify and enhance your on-line experience. Most browsers allow you to stop accepting new cookies, inform you when a cookie is being stored on your hard drive, or disable cookie collection altogether if you wish. However, cookies allow us to fully personalize your visit to NightVision4u.com, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
7. You Can Correct and Check the Accuracy of Your Personal Information.If your personal information changes (for example, your address changes), you may update your information at the Account Information Update Page or by emailing us at privacy/email You can also change your email preferences and personal information options whenever you wish.
8. Your Information is Destroyed When It is No Longer Needed.NightVision4u.com keeps your personal information only so long as we need it for the products and services you're using, to offer you products and services when you are a customer and for a reasonable time thereafter, or to meet legal requirements. We destroy your personal information when it is no longer needed, or we remove your name and all personal identifiers from the information.
9. Notification of Changes.If you have any comments or concerns about privacy at NightVision4u.com, please email us at privacy/email. As we are constantly looking to improve our services to you, this Privacy Policy may change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use. We may email periodic reminders of our notices and conditions to you, unless you have instructed us not to. If you choose not to have us advise you about these updates, you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes.
10. Tracking Technology.NightVision4u.com deploys tracking technology within the web site in order to obtain useful information to help improve customer experience. We deploy IP recording technology to record your computer IP address at the time of customer account creation and at time of purchase. Also recorded are: location, time, URL paths, referral URLs, page durations, click counts, and live customer activity through our online Live Assistance customer chat technology. All information is strictly for NightVision4u.com use only.
See in complete darkness with top of the line night vision
Friday 11 December, 2020
Home
Site Map
Specials
Reviews
All Products
Features
About Us
Contact Info
Copyright © 2020 NightVision4u.com