http://www.westminstercollege.edu/student-life/residence-life/missing-student-policy
Missing Student Policy
Home
Student Life
Residence Life
Missing Student Policy
In This Site
Toggle navigationIn This Site
Building Styles and Meal Plans
Contact Residence Life
Housing Registration
May Term and Summer Housing
Missing Student Policy
Packing List
Residence Hall Association
Residency Exemptions
Resident Advisors
Residential Housing for Queer and Trans Students
Residential Student Move-in Information
In accordance to 34 C.F.R. 668.46 (h) (l) (iv), when the Dean of Students Office receives
a report from friends, family members, or associates that a student who resides in
campus housing may be missing, the director of campus security and the dean of students
will initiate an investigation.
The dean of students will notify the person(s) listed on the student's emergency contact
form and the appropriate law enforcement agency regarding the situation within 24
hours of the college declaring the student missing. If a student would like someone
other than those listed on his/her emergency contact form to be informed in this instance,
he/she must notify the Dean of Students Office within two weeks of the start of each
semester. Please note, this contact information will be registered confidentially,
will be accessible only to authorized campus officials, and may not be disclosed,
except to law enforcement personnel conducting a missing person investigation. The
list of authorized campus officials includes: president, provost, dean of students,
director of campus security, assistant dean of students, director of residence life,
and assistant director of residence life. If the student is under the age of 18, the
dean of students will automatically contact the student's parents/guardian.
Standard Operating Procedure for a Missing Student
Purpose
This SOP serves as standard operating procedure for a missing student.
Scope
The scope of this SOP applies to Westminster students that live in campus-owned residence
halls.
References
Regulatory References
In accordance to 34 C.F.R. 668.46 (h) (l) (iv), when the Dean of Students Office receives
a report from friends, family members, or associates that a student who resides in
campus housing may be missing, the director of campus security and the dean of students
will initiate an investigation.
Responsibilities
Regarding a missing residential student, they are to refer those details to either
the director of campus security or the dean of students.
It is the responsibility of the director of campus security or the dean of students
to initiate the investigation.
Definitions
Residential Student: a Westminster student living on campus
Authorized Campus Officials: president, provost, dean of students, director of campus
security, assistant dean of students, director of residence life, and assistant director
of residence life
Procedures
An employee is informed of a missing residential student.
An employee informs the director of campus security or the dean of students.
The dean of students will notify appropriate persons, including law enforcement, within
24 hours.
The dean of students discloses contact information of the missing student to law enforcement
personnel to aid in the investigation.
If the student is under the age of 18, the dean of students will automatically contact
the student's parents/guardians.
©