http://www.discprofile.com/legal-trademark-copyright-notice/
Home
Legal trademark & copyright notice
COPYRIGHT NOTICE© 1997-2020 by Personality Profile Solutions LLC. All Rights Reserved.TRADEMARKSEverything DiSC® and The Five Behaviors® are registered trademarks of John Wiley & Sons, Inc. and its corporate subsidiaries.
Additional current trademarks of Wiley are: Catalyst™, PXT Select®, MyEverythingDiSC™, and QuikDiSC®.Microsoft® Windows®, Excel®, and PowerPoint® are registered trademarks of Microsoft® Corporation. Adobe® PDF is a registered trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated.USE OF COPYRIGHTED MATERIALSAll site information and materials are copyrighted by Personality Profile Solutions LLC. All Wiley product content, including but not limited to profiles, facilitator kits, videos, software, and online products is copyrighted material. All rights reserved. All materials are provided for noncommercial, personal use only on this site and may not be copied, duplicated, altered, or transferred to any website or medium whatsoever.Terms and Conditions of Content and Copyright Use:
All materials on Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites are copyrighted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions without the written permission of Personality Profile Solutions LLC.
The user shall use Personality Profile Solutions LLC web sites for lawful purposes only. The user shall not post or transmit through Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites any material that violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others, that is unlawful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, profane or otherwise objectionable, that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law, or that, without Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites' express prior approval, contains advertising or any solicitation with respect to products or services.
Any personal data (for example, your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) you transmit to the site by electronic mail or otherwise, will be used by Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites in accordance with Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites' privacy policy. Any other communication or material you transmit to the site, such as questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, will be treated as non-confidential and nonproprietary.
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites, its subsidiaries or affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites' materials, products, or services, third-party materials, products or services made available through Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites, or any part of Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites' services. The user specifically acknowledges and agrees that Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites is not liable for any defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any user. If user is dissatisfied with any Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites' material, products, or services or with any of Terms and Conditions, the user's sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites' services.
Images of people or places displayed on the site are either the property of, or used with permission by, Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites. The use of these images by the user, or anyone else authorized by the user, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Discprofile websites and others. Nothing contained on the site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the site without the written permission of Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the site. Your use of the Trademarks displayed on the site, or any other content on the site, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including criminal prosecution.
Some of Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different from Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites. Users should consult the other site's privacy notices, as Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites makes no warranties regarding the information that is submitted to, or collected by these other sites.
Software, products, and other materials from Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites may also be subject to United States Export Control. The United States Export Control laws prohibit the export of certain health and information products, technical data and software to certain territories. No software or information from DiscProfile web sites may be downloaded or exported (1) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or (2) anyone on the United States Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. The DiscProfile websites do not authorize the downloading or exportation of any software or technical data from this site to any jurisdiction prohibited by the United States Export laws.
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, Personality Profile Solutions LLC websites comply with all local, state, national and international laws. www.discprofile and www.discprofiles reserve the right to refuse service to anyone without stating the reason.
Share This Page
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn