http://www.leatherheadfood.com/cookie-policy/
About
Brexit
Services
Capabilities
Members
Sign in
Training & publications
Training courses
Research publications
Events & news
Industry events
News
Careers
Why Leatherhead?
Vacancies
Career development
Careers fairs
Internships and placements
Contact
Careers
Contact
Cookies policy
What are cookies?Cookies are small data files stored by your browser or on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a website. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide business and marketing information to the owners of the site.More information about cookies can be found at www.aboutcookies.org.
This website uses cookies, for some of them we need your permission.
I accept the use of cookies.
I do not accept the use of cookies.
If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.
Our use of cookiesOur website uses a number of cookies which allow us to distinguish you from other users of the website which helps us to provide you with a good browsing experience and also allows us to improve our site.Six of the cookies are “analytical” cookies.  They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors to our site and to see how they move around and use the site.  This helps us improve the way our site works.  We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”)  and other Google services for this.  The information generated by the cookies about your use of our site will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our site, compiling reports on site activity and providing other services relating to site activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  You can find out more information about Google cookies by following the links in the table below.Two of the cookies are used to remember details you have entered on part of our site.  These only apply if you choose the “Remember Me” option and only last for the duration of your current session.We also use some website tracking software called Pardot which uses three cookies to monitor your journey through our website and remember your preferences when you return to our site.Please note that third party websites to which our site links may also use cookies. We have no control over these, so please visit those third party websites for more information about their use of cookies.Managing cookiesYou may disable the use of some or all cookies by changing the settings in your internet browser. If you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of our site or your user experience may be otherwise affected. How to disable cookies will depend on the browser you use, if you are not sure of the type and version of browser you are using, you can find this by:For PCs: clicking on “Help” at the top of your browser window and selecting the “About” option.For Macs: with the browser window open, clicking on the Apple menu and selecting the “About” option.Details on how to disable cookies in some of the common browsers are set out below:Microsoft Internet Explorer:PCs: Click on “Tools” at the top of your browser window, then “Internet Options”, then “Privacy” and select the appropriate setting.Macs: Click on “Explorer” at the top of your browser window, then “Preferences”, then “Cookies” and select the appropriate setting.Google Chrome:From the Chrome menu icon select 'Settings' and then 'Advanced settings'. Near the bottom of the page select 'Show advanced settings' and then in the Privacy section select 'Content settings'. Select 'Block sites from setting any data' and click 'Done'.Mozilla Firefox:Click on “Tools” at the top of your browser window, then “Preferences”, then “Security” and select the appropriate setting.Opera:Click on “Menu” at the top of your browser window, then “Settings”, then “Preferences”, then “Advanced” and select appropriate setting.Safari:PCs: Click on the Cog icon at the top of your browser window, then “Preferences”, the “Security” and select appropriate setting.Macs: Click on “Safari” at the top of your browser window, then “Preferences”, then scroll down to cookies under “Privacy & Security” and select appropriate setting.Other browsers:Please consult your documentation or online help files, or find more information at www.aboutcookies.org.
About Science GroupScience Group offers independent advisory and leading-edge product development services focused on science and technology initiatives. Its specialist companies Sagentia, Oakland Innovation, OTM Consulting, Leatherhead Food Research, TSG Consulting and Frontier Smart Technologies collaborate closely with their clients in key vertical markets to deliver clear returns on technology and R&D investments.
We've recently updated our privacy policy, click here to see the latest version.