http://www.emsc-csem.org/policy.php
Current time: 2020-12-11 07:43:00 UTC
Member access
Name
Pwd
Earthquake information
List of latest earthquakes
Significant earthquakes
Search earthquakes
Earthquakes interactive map
Earthquakes near you
Felt earthquakes
Special reports
How it works
Testimonies, photos
Photos
Testimonies
Information services
LastQuakers community (NEW)
For smartphones
Android & iOS App
Browser extensions
Webservices
RSS feeds
Seismicity on Google Earth
Email notification service
For seismologists
Latest data contributions
Moment tensors
Euro-Med bulletin
Seismic Portal
News
Jobs
Projects
ARISTOTLE
CARISMAND
IMPROVER
Seismic portal
Citizen seismology
Quake Catcher Network
Sigma
Verce
MARsite
NERA
EPOS
REAKT
Publications & docs
You are here :
EMSC > EMSC's Privacy Policy
Our sponsors:
digitalelement
About EMSC
tempDisclaimer
EMSC's Privacy Policy
Copyright
©CSEM/EMSC, 2009.
c/o CEA Bâtiment Sables
Centre DAM Ile de France
Bruyères le Châtel
91297 Arpajon Cedex
Publisher: Rémy Bossu
Editorial Director: Rémy Bossu
All rights reserved. None of the materials provided on this web site may be used, reproduced or transmitted, in whole or in part, in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording or the use of any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the EMSC/CSEM. Material may be reproduced for personal, academic, educational, non-commercial research or other non-commercial use.
When using information from the EMSC website, please give proper credit, as in the following example: Credit: EMSC/CSEM, http://www.emsc-csem.org/
Terms of use
The European Mediterranean Seismological Centre is an NGO created in 1975. By using our website you are accepting our Terms of Use. The EMSC can modify these Terms of Use at any time.
Despite its efforts to ensure the quality of its information, the EMSC does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness of the information and takes no responsibility for any human or mechanical error/omission, or for the results obtained from the use of this information.
The information provided on the EMSC website is subject to change without notice.
The EMSC/CSEM is not responsible for the content of websites accessed through external links, nor does it endorses these websites.
Videos and Pictures
It is the responsibility of each user to ensure that any images they submit to EMSC were taken with the subject’s permission and do not infringe the copyright of any third parties or any laws. Users warrant that the pictures they submit are their own and that they have their copyright.
Privacy
The EMSC does not use spy-ware, ad-ware, spam or other annoying or intrusive advertising. We do not sell, rent, or exchange your personal information to any third party for any commercial purposes. According to the law n° 78-17 "Informatique et Libertés/software and freedoms", you have the right to access the information as well as to rectify and delete data that concerns you personally on this site.
The information we collect is used for internal review and content improvement. It will be disclosed if the EMSC is legally required to do so. It might also be shared with other institutes/organizations for scientific purposes only.
For any question and/or enquiry about privacy, data protection, copyright and terms of us, please contact
FAQ   About EMSC
Site Map   Search
Media :
Compatibility :
© 2010 - Privacy