http://www.cfdreview.com/privacy.shtml
Search:
CFD Review
Home | About
Topics | Features
Sections | Search
Events | Jobs
Links | FAQ
User Preferences
Site Sponsorship
Headline Feeds
Mobile Edition
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Submit a CFD Story
Site Sponsors
Tell a Friend
Help this site to grow by sending a friend an
invitation to visit this site.
CFD News by Email
Did you know that you can get today's CFD Review headlines mailed to your inbox?
Just log in and select Email Headlines Each Night on your User Preferences page.
CFD Review Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting cfdreview.com, a Viable Computing site.
Viable Computing takes your right to privacy seriously, and wants you to feel
comfortable using this web site. This privacy policy deals with
personally-identifiable information (referred to as "data" below) that
may be collected by this site. This policy does not apply to other
entities that are not owned or controlled by the site editor, nor does
it apply to persons that are not employees or agents of the site editor,
or that are not under the site editor's control.
CFD Review is established to provide a valuable resource to the CFD community
and contracts with partners to support this effort.
1. Collection of data
For anonymous visitors, no user identifiable information is collected.
Registration for an account on this site requires only a valid e-mail
address and a user name that has not been chosen already. You are not
required to provide any other information if you do not want to. Please
be aware that the user name you choose, the e-mail address you provide
and any other information you enter may render you personally identifiable,
and may possibly be displayed on this web site intentionally (depending
on choices you make during the registration process, or depending on
the way in which the site is configured) or unintentionally (subsequent
to a successful act of intrusion by a third party). As on many web sites,
the site editor may also automatically receive general information that
is contained in server log files, such as your IP address, and cookie
information.
Furthermore, users of certain services on CFD Review are asked to provide
contact information to further the value provided by those services. Contact
information is not displayed intentionally on this web site, but may
be displayed through user action.
2. Use of data
Data may be used to customize and improve your user experience on this
site. Efforts will be made to prevent your data being made available to
third parties unless (i) provided for otherwise in this Privacy Policy;
(ii) your consent is obtained, such as when you choose to opt-in or
opt-out for the sharing of data; (iii) a service provided on our site
requires interaction with a third party, or is provided by a third party,
such as an application service provider; (iv) pursuant to legal action
or law enforcement; (v) it is found that your use of this site violates
the site editor's policy, terms of service, or other usage guidelines,
or if it is deemed reasonably necessary by the site editor to protect
the site editor's legal rights and/or property; or (vi) this site is
purchased by a third party, in which case that third party will be able
to use the data in the same manner as set forth in this policy. In the
event you choose to use links displayed on this web site to visit
other web sites, you are advised to read the privacy policies published
on those sites.
CFD Review will not sell lists of its visitors and/or contact information
to any third party without having first received individual permission
to do so.
3. Cookies
Like many web sites, this web site sets and uses cookies to enhance your
user experience -- to remember your personal settings, for instance.
Advertisements may display on this web site and, if so, may set and
access cookies on your computer; such cookies are subject to the
privacy policy of the parties providing the advertisement. However,
the parties providing the advertising do not have access to this
site's cookies. These parties usually use non-personally-identifiable
or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to this site.
4. Editing or deleting your account information
You are provided with the ability to edit the information stored for your
user account information during registration, by visiting your user
account control panel. You can request that your user account be deleted;
to do so, please contact the site administrator. Content or other data
that you may have provided, and that is not stored within your user
account, such as comments published, may continue to remain on the site
at the site editor's discretion, even after your user account is deleted.
5. Changes to this privacy policy
Changes may be made to this policy from time to time. You will be notified
of substantial changes to this policy either by through the posting of a
prominent announcement on the site, and/or by a mail message sent to the
e-mail address you have provided, which is stored within your user settings.
6. NO GUARANTEES
While this privacy policy states standards for maintenance of data, and
while efforts will be made to meet the said standards, the site editor
is not in a position to guarantee compliance with these standards. There
may be factors beyond the site editor's control that may result in
disclosure of data. Consquently, the site editor offers no warranties
or representations as regards maintenance or non-disclosure of data.
7. Contact information
If you have any questions about this policy or about this web site, please feel free to contact the site administrator.
Last updated 03 May 2007.
Just because the message may never be received does not mean it is
not worth sending.
All content except comments©2020,
Viable Computing.
[
home |
submit story |
search |
polls |
faq |
preferences |
privacy |
terms of service |
rss  ]