https://www.wessa.net/privacy.wasp
::Free Statistics and Forecasting Software::
v1.2.1
:: Ethical Privacy Policy - Web-enabled scientific services & applications ::
All rights reserved. The non-commercial (academic) use of this software is free of charge. The only thing that is asked in return is to cite this software when results are used in publications.
Wessa.net's Ethical Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to Wessa.net and all applications (modules) contained herein. It is inspired by an ethical code that protects the rights of the individual visitor without discrimination based on age, gender, race, beliefs, or cultural background.
We may request personal information to be submitted to our servers in order to be able to:
personalize online software applications according to your needs
enforce strict security rules with respect to the data that you upload (e.g. statistical data)
manage user sessions of online applications
We do not allow other companies to offer registered users information about their products and services. Banner references and hyperlinks of third parties never contain any personal data of the visitor.
We do not sell, nor transmit by any means, personal information, nor statistical data series uploaded by you to third parties.
We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, and destruction. This does not apply to any statistical data series (such as time series) that have been uploaded in a public workspace. Statistical data series in private workspaces are protected against loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, and destruction caused by unauthorized individuals. However, at any time, and under any circumstance you are solely responsible for managing your passwords, and keeping them secret.
We store a unique anonymous User ID in the form of a small Cookie on your computer. This allows us to track your progress when using this website which is necessary to create your personal history list (= the last computations that you performed) and to securely manage user sessions. At any time you may opt to disallow cookies from this website (by using appropriate settings in your web browser) - this, however, will affect various features of this website.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our websites. These companies may use anonymous meta information about your visits to this website, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We examine cookies that are used by third-parties very closely: abuse from third-parties automatically results in termination of the advertising contract without refund. We have very good reason to believe that the cookies that are produced by third parties do not cause any privacy or security risk.
Wessa.net is safe. With the exception of occasional JavaScripts, there is no need to download any software to use the applications and services contained in this website. Hence, your system's security is not compromised by their use, and your personal data - other than data you submit in the account application form, and the user-agent information that is transmitted by your browser - is never transmitted to our servers.
As a general rule, we do not log on-line behavior of individuals (other than normal logging of webserver 'hits'). However, in cases of abuse, hacking, unauthorized access, Denial of Service attacks, illegal copying, hotlinking, non-compliance with international webstandards (such as robots.txt), or any other harmful behavior, our system engineers are empowered to log, track, identify, and disallow IP addresses.(last update: July 2017)
Top | Output | References
To cite Wessa.net in publications use:Wessa, P. (2020), Free Statistics Software, Office for Research Development and Education, version 1.2.1, URL https://www.wessa.net/
© All rights reserved. Academic license for non-commercial use only.
The free use of the scientific content, services, and applications in this website is
granted for non commercial use only. In any case,
the source (url) should always be clearly displayed. Under no circumstances are
you allowed to reproduce, copy or redistribute the design, layout, or any
content of this website (for commercial use) including any materials contained
herein without the express written permission.
Information provided
on this web site is provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind, either
express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement. We use reasonable efforts to include accurate and timely information
and periodically update the information, and software without notice. We
make no warranties or representations
as to the accuracy or completeness of such information (or software), and it assumes no
liability or responsibility for errors or omissions in the content of this web
site, or any software bugs in online applications. Your use of this web site is AT YOUR OWN RISK. Under no circumstances and
under no legal theory shall we be liable to you or any other
person for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, exemplary, or
consequential damages arising from your access to, or use of, this web site.
Software Version : 1.2.1Algorithms & Software : Patrick Wessa, PhDServer : www.wessa.net
About | Comments, Feedback & Errors | Privacy Policy | Statistics Resources | Wessa.net Home
©
Wessa.Net 2002-2020
Home Page
Multiple Regression
Descriptive Statistics
Statistical Distributions
Hypothesis Testing
Time Series Analysis
RFC Login