http://www.genexdiagnostics.com/privacy
Security and Privacy | Genex Diagnostics
At-Home DNA Testing | FAQs | Accreditations
About Us | Contact Us
Procedure
Accuracy
Genex Advantage
Initiate Test
Who Can Benefit
Legal Services
Understanding Results
Prenatal DNA Paternity Test
DNA Maternity Test
DNA Sibship Test
DNA Grandparentage Test
DNA Twin Test
DNA Forensic Test
Y-DNA Test
mtDNA Test
DNA Ancestry Test
Security and Privacy
Genex enforces strict security measures and complies with all protection of privacy requirements. All samples and files pertaining to each paternity case are held in strict confidence. Genex will not under any circumstance release information to individuals who are not directly involved in the case.
Genex will only collect the personal information that is necessary for proper specimen collection, identification, and paternity testing. Examples of personal information collected include name, birthdate, driver's license number or other legal identification, race (necessary for statistical calculations). The information collected by Genex is only used for the purpose of paternity testing and is not disclosed under any circumstances for purposes other than the purpose that the information was originally collected for.
For protection of privacy and patient security, information for different parties involved in a paternity test (e.g. appointment time and location, address, phone numbers) will not be disclosed to the other parties. All safeguards necessary to maintain the confidentiality of the tests conducted for a client will be strictly enforced.
Release of Information
All safeguards necessary to maintain the confidentiality of tests conducted for a project will be strictly enforced. Access to the laboratory at all times is controlled and limited. Only authorized laboratory personnel have access to the records.
Information regarding the samples will only be released to the proper individuals who are directly involved in the test and who are required to have a copy of the test results. All information released will be in the form of a laboratory report to the social worker and legal counsel stated in the initial request form.
Genex enforces strict security measures for all cases and complies with all protection of privacy requirements. Genex undertakes extensive information security measures to protect the unauthorized collection, use, disposal or disclosure of participants' personal information.
Contact InformationUnited States - Head Office
(Serving patients in all 50 states)
Genex Diagnostics, Inc.#180 - 4616 25th Avenue NESeattle, WA   98105United States
International
Genex Diagnostics, Inc.#101 - 1001 W. Broadway, Dept. 600Vancouver, BC   V6H 4E4Canada
Toll Free: 1-844-331-0109
Email: staff@genexdiagnostics.com
Internet: http://www.genexdiagnostics.com
Home |
Healthcare Professionals |
Legal Counsels |
Corporate Accounts |
Become an Affiliate
Security and Privacy |
Terms and Conditions |
Returns |
Resources |
Glossary |
Language |
Site Map
© 2003 - 2020 Genex Diagnostics Inc. All Rights Reserved.