http://www.willacyoil.com/website-privacy-and-cookie-policy/
Website Privacy & Cookie Policy
Data controller: Cleansing Service Group Limited (CSG), Chartwell House, 5 Barnes Wallis Road, Segensworth East, Fareham, PO15 5TT, and its subsidiaries including the following group websites:
Willacy Oil Services – www.willacyoil.com
Oil Monster – www.oilmonster.co.uk
J&G Environmental – www.jg-environmental.com
www.septictanksandcesspits.com
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted by post at the address above or by email at gdpr@csg.co.uk
CSG collects and processes personal data relating to its customers in order to manage the customer relationship. CSG is committed to being transparent about how it collects and uses that data and to meeting its data protection obligations.
What information does the organisation collect?
CSG collects and processes a range of personal information about you. This includes:
Full name
Addresses – both commercial and domestic
Phone numbers
Email addresses
CSG may collect this information in a variety of ways. For example, data might be collected through face to face meetings, phone calls, emails or website enquiries.
Data will be stored in a range of different places, including digital and hard copy.
Our website uses cookies to store tracking information about how you first arrived on the site, for example via a paid advert on Google, Social Media, and other sources. We do this to help us understand the needs of our customers and ultimately provide an improved user experience. For further information on our use of cookies and tracking please see our Cookie Notice below.
Why does CSG process personal data?
CSG only processes personal data for which it has a legitimate interest to do so. This means we will only process the data of customers with whom we trade, have previously traded with or those who have previously made an enquiry to trade with us.
In all other cases, CSG will only process data that we have gained prior consent to do so.
We process your data to provide you with information on our services, products or any special offers that may be of interest to you and to process your order and payment.
Here is a list of the ways that we may use your personal information, and the reasons we rely on to do so. Where we list legitimate interests as a reason, we also describe below what we believe these legitimate interests are.
What We Use Your Personal Information For
Our Reasons (Legal Basis)
Our Explanation of CSG’s Legitimate Interests
Undertake website personalisation and administration.
Legitimate interests
Developing services and website content, structure and designs in order to attract and retain customers. Understanding how our customers discover and interact with our website.
Development of marketing communications to inform you of special offers, promotions and new services.
Legitimate interests
Developing services that attract and retain customers. Improving customer interaction with our websites and ensuring that that we can supply our customers with relevant communications which match their service requirements.
Contact you to undertake customer satisfaction surveys.
Legitimate interests
Developing and improving services that attract and retain customers. By seeking and collating customer feedback we can improve our service offerings in line with customer requirements, leading to improved acquisition and retention of customers.
Setting up your account, managing your account and providing customer services to you.
Legal obligation / Legitimate interests
Keeping our records up to date, handling our customer contact efficiently and effectively, dealing with queries and processing orders.
Process your orders
Fulfilling a contract
N/A
Notify you of your order/booking status.
Legitimate interests
Process efficiency in dealing with such activity, and to make improvements to our services.
To detect, investigate and report financial crime (e.g. Fraud)
Legal obligation / Legitimate interests
Developing and improving how we deal with financial crime. Complying with any legal obligation placed on us by regulators such as the FCA. Complying with any regulations that apply to us. Process efficiency in dealing with such activity, and to make service and process improvements.
Maintaining network and data security
Legitimate interests
To maintain the security of our network this in turns helps us to maintain the safety and confidentiality of your information.
Who has access to data?
Your information may be shared internally, including with members of the sales and marketing team, as well as our finance team to process your payments and your local depot to carry out the service that you require. CSG does not share your data with third parties unless the law requires us to do so.
However, CSG does utilise the services of various third-party companies for internal processing purposes who may as a result hold your data including the following:
CRM (Customer Relationship Management) System – Salesforce.com
https://www.salesforce.com/uk/company/privacy/full_privacy/
Email Marketing & Automation Software – MailChimp
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
Lead Generation Software – Lead Forensics
https://www.leadforensics.com/privacy-policy/
Electronic Ticket Platform – Codegate
https://www.codegate.co.uk/privacy
Email Services – Microsoft 365
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement
Telephone & Website Payment Processing – CashFlows
https://www.cashflows.com/privacy-policy
CSG will not transfer your data to countries outside the European Economic Area.
How does CSG protect data?
CSG takes the security of your data seriously. CSG has internal policies and controls in place to try to ensure that your data is not lost, accidentally destroyed, misused or disclosed, and is not accessed except by its employees in the performance of their duties.
Where CSG engages third parties to process personal data on its behalf, they do so on the basis of written instructions, are under a duty of confidentiality and are obliged to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure the security of data.
For how long does CSG keep data?
We are required under UK tax law to keep your basic personal data (name, address, contact details), for a minimum of 7 years after which time it will be destroyed. CSG will hold your personal data for marketing purposes from when you chose to give consent to do so, until the point that you may choose to withdraw your consent. At this point your personal data would be removed from all our records.
Contact Preferences
You are able to opt-out out of all communications from CSG or update your contact preferences by completing the following form on our website:
www.csg.co.uk/contact-preferences
Marketing emails sent by CSG will include an unsubscribe option.
For any queries relating to your contact preferences you can email us at gdpr@csg.co.uk.
Your rights
As a data subject, you have a number of rights. If at any point you believe the information we process on you is incorrect you can request to see this information and even have it corrected or deleted. If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer who will investigate the matter.
You can:
Access and obtain a copy of your data on request
Require the organisation to change incorrect or incomplete data
Require the organisation to delete or stop processing your data, for example where the data is no longer necessary for the purposes of processing
Choose to remove your consent for us to process your personal data
Object to the processing of your data where the organisation is relying on its legitimate interests as the legal ground for processing
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please email gdpr@csg.co.uk
If you believe that CSG has not complied with your data protection rights, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
Cookie Notice
This notice is designed to help you understand what cookies are, how CSG uses them and the choices you have in regards to their use.
By continuing to use this website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies in the manner described in this notice.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer or other device when you visit the Site. This allows the Site to recognise you as a user either for the duration of your visit (using a ‘session cookie’) or for repeat visits ( a ‘persistent cookie’). They are not harmful and do not contain any information such as your home address, date of birth or credit card details. This website uses “cookie” technology to obtain non-personal information from its visitors. The cookie tracks the total number of times you visit the site and can link you to any information we have already stored about you to personalise the experience. The cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, they simply contain a random ID number that is associated with your records. We do not gather any information from you using cookies. Any information we have already gathered will not be given or sold to third parties.
What do we use cookies for?
They enable you to transact, whilst other non-essential cookies enable us to give you an enhanced, personalised web experience
To personalise and improve your customer experience
To recognise the device that you are using
To record the areas of the Site that you have visited, services you have viewed and time spent browsing, as well as the products you purchased. CSG uses this information to help make the website more user friendly, develop our Site design and to continuously improve the quality of the service we provide
We also offer you the facility to share your experience on our Site through social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter. By using these features, you are consenting to allow cookies from these providers. More information about how these providers use cookies can be found at their websites.
Are cookies safe?
Yes. The information stored in cookies is safe and anonymous to any external third party, and your account security is never compromised. You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.com. For a video about cookies visit www.google.com/intl/en-GB/policies/technologies/cookies/
Can I turn off cookies?
Yes – but if you choose not to allow the use of cookies, your experience of our Site may be limited.
To change your cookie settings, or if you want to be notified each time a cookie is about to be used, you should amend the settings provided in your web browser to prevent us from storing cookies on your computer hard drive.
For information on how to disable cookies, please consult the “Help” tab of your browser via the menu bar.
Google Analytics
Our Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (Google). Google analytics uses text files which are stored on your computer (“cookies”) to enable analysis of users’ website use. Information created and collected by the cookie regarding users’ use of this website will generally be transmitted to and stored on servers in the USA. Please note that IP anonymisation is permanently activated on this website resulting in the deletion of the last eight characters of a user’s IP address. This shortening of a user’s IP address is carried out within the European Union or in another contracting member state of the European Economic Area. In exceptional circumstances, this process may be carried out in the USA.
Google uses the information gathered on this website on behalf of the website’s operator to analyse anonymised users’ usage of the website, to generate reports regarding anonymised users’ website activity, to create anonymous user profiles and web statistics and to provide further services on behalf of the website’s operator associated with the website and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by a user’s browser will not be combined with any other data. Further information on how Google uses, collects and processes data can be viewed via this link.
Users can prevent the use of cookies by adjusting their browser settings accordingly. However, please note that some functions of this website may not be available to their full extent in this case. Users can also prevent gathering of data (including your IP address) generated by the cookie and related to the use of this website being sent to and processed by Google by downloading and installing the Browser-Plugin.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. To view Google Analytics’ Privacy Policy, please visit the link below:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=uk