https://www.opticsforyou.com/our-policy.html#govmil
OpticsForYou Policies
email
Please Enable Your Browser's Cookies Functionality
Cookies are not currently enabled in your browser, and due to this the functionality of our site will be severely restricted.
Web browser based cookies allow us to customize our site for you, save items in your cart,
and provide you with a great experience when shopping OpticsForYou.
Your privacy is important to us, and any personal information you supply to us is kept strictly confidential.
If you cannot enable cookies in your browser, please contact us — we are always here to help!
JavaScript is blocked by AdBlocker or ScriptBlocker
We're sorry - it looks like some elements of OpticsForYou are being disabled by your AdBlocker.
Unfortunately we are unable to offer our excellent shopping experience without JavaScript.
Please add "opticsforyou.com" and "https://oul.0ps.us/assets-69163122eb0/" to whitelist,
or disable AdBlocker for this site (please note that we do NOT feature any annoying ads on this website).
Thanks!
OpticsForYou Policies
— Page 1
Who we are
OpticsForYou is a division of OpticsPlanet, Inc. OpticsPlanet, Inc is one of the world's leading online retailers, operating targeted stores specializing in sport optics, tactical and military gear, binoculars, scientific products, microscopes, telescopes, rifle scopes and eyewear. We are continuously expanding our brand and product offerings to better serve our customers.
Our mission at OpticsPlanet, Inc is to provide exceptional service to our customers by offering an unrivaled selection of high quality products at great prices with the most knowledgeable staff in the industry. Offering the best optics products on the planet is where our business started, but today OpticsPlanet, Inc is so much more. With over 125,000 products from more than 800 top brands in 180+ specialty categories, our impressive selection of outdoor sporting goods, hunting and tactical apparel, and shooting accessories is unmatched by any other retailer.
Founded in 1999, OpticsPlanet, Inc has been recognized by both Inc. Magazine and Internet Retailer Magazine as a leading E-commerce company. As one of the fastest growing retailers on the Internet, OpticsPlanet, Inc currently employs over 200 employees in its state-of-the-art customer service and fulfillment center located just outside of Chicago Illinois.
Our customers are as diverse as our product offerings. OpticsPlanet, Inc serves individuals as well as Local Law Enforcement and U.S. Governmental agencies. Whether you are a hobbyist or a professional, our knowledgeable staff and product experts are here to assist you with your purchase. We are dedicated to providing you with the highest quality of customer service. Please let us know how we can help.
Secure Ordering
OpticsForYou is committed to providing a safe and secure shopping environment for our customers. We consider the online security of your payment and personal information to be a top priority. All transactions are backed by our Safe Shopping Guarantee which promises that you will never pay for any unauthorized charges made on your account at OpticsForYou.
We are dedicated to assuring that:
All payment information, including credit card number, name, address, etc. is encrypted via Secure Socket Layout (SSL) during order checkout. SSL is industry standard technology that ensures that all information sent to us remains private and cannot be read by any third parties during transmission.
All credit card information is processed via a secure payment gateway which protects all personal information. For more information on how OpticsForYou keeps your personal information safe, please review our Privacy Policy.
We use industry leading secure servers that ensure that our ordering process is up-to-date, safe and capable of protecting your personal information.
All purchases paid via PayPal at OpticsForYou are automatically eligible for
Paypal Buyer Protection and are covered against fraud for the full purchase price of your order.
Please note that in addition to placing orders online, you can always place orders for any of our items via phone or fax.
For any additional questions or concerns about the safety and security of your personal information, please contact us.
Return Policy
We want your experience with us to be easy and hassle-free. If, for any reason, you are not completely satisfied with a purchase, you may return most items within 30 days of receipt for an exchange or full refund. For your convenience, OpticsForYou offers a FREE pre-paid shipping label for qualifying domestic returns. If you have return inquires more than 30 days after receipt, please contact the manufacturer directly for possible repair or replacement.
Please be aware that all returns are subject to OpticsForYou's Return Conditions. Items must be returned in NEW condition (i.e., not used, broken or worn), in the original manufacturer's packaging and with all original contents included.
We do not charge any restocking fees for returned goods meeting the terms of our Return Policy. For a full list of exceptions, please review our Return Policy Exceptions.
All exchanges and returns require the completion of a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) form. Once complete, follow the provides Return Instructions and return the merchandise as soon as possible. Please note that your RMA number is only active for 10 days following the date of submission, so don't delay! For more information, please review our Return and Exchange Instructions.
To take advantage of our FREE domestic return shipping offer, select "Print a FREE pre-paid shipping label" in the Shipping Options section during the RMA process. The shipping label generated will allow you to return you merchandise to OpticsForYou at no additional cost to you. It's as simple as that!
If you do not elect to use a pre-paid label or your return does not qualify for this offer, we highly recommend insuring goods for their full value. And to ensure a timely return or exchange, we ask that you safely wrap items to prevent shipping damage. If you believe your order was damaged during transit, please review our Shipping Policy and contact us for more information.
For more detailed information on our return policies, please refer to our Return Policy Information Page and feel free to contact us if you have any additional questions.
Privacy Policy
OpticsForYou respects consumer privacy and works to safeguard your personal information, while complying with all International and United States Federal and State laws and regulations. We are dedicated to providing you with the superior customer experience that you know and expect from OpticsForYou. We view your privacy as an important component of your customer experience and ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner. For additional details, please see our full Privacy Policy.
Product & Brand Specific Policies
OpticsForYou is continuously adding new brands and categories to meet our customers' needs. Please note that certain products, brands and programs require exceptions to our normal policies and procedures. For more information on these additional requirements, please see the following:
Prescription Eyewear Policy
Non-exportable Brands Policy
DEMO Product Policy
Pricing & Availability
OpticsForYou is committed to providing the best combination of price and service to our customers. Our valued relationships with elite suppliers allow us to negotiate reduced prices and pass the savings along to you. In addition to our exceptional pricing, we offer FREE Value Shipping on qualifying orders over $49, have an exceptionally knowledgeable staff to answer any of your questions, ship most of our items from our own warehouse, and are an authorized dealer and/or trusted distribution partner for all brands which we sell. Regardless of your needs, OpticsForYou ensures you will be satisfied.
Pricing and Availability
Please note all pricing and availability are subject to change without notice. All prices listed are in U.S. dollars. If you have any questions regarding our pricing or would like to check whether your item is in stock, please contact us.
Coupons
OpticsForYou is proud to offer promotions to our loyal customers. When placing an order, simply type the coupon code as listed during the checkout process. Once entered, you will instantly see your updated price reflecting your discount. Please note only one coupon code can be used per order and a coupon code cannot be combined with our Best Deal Guarantee. Coupon codes are not valid for any purchase of a gift certificate and/or gift card. If you have any questions regarding the use or eligibility of your coupon code, please contact us.
Price Matching
If you find an item from another authorized dealer at a lower "as shipped" price than at OpticsForYou, please complete the Best Deal Guarantee form on the item's product page or contact one of our experienced OpticsForYou representatives with a price listed from an authorized dealer and we will do all we can to match. In order to facilitate your request, please provide the URL or web address of the competitor's product page. For more information on our price matching policies, please see our Best Deal Guarantee or contact us.
Gifts with Purchase
OpticsForYou reserves the right to substitute a gift included with your purchase with an item of equal or greater value for any reason. If you have any questions regarding a specific promotion, please contact us.
Volume Discounts
OpticsForYou provides discounts to qualifying orders placed by our customers. To see if you qualify for a volume discount, please contact us.
Accuracy of Information
Pricing and availability are subject to change without notice. OpticsForYou has no liability in the case of any orders arising from typographical errors or incorrect pricing and reserves the right to cancel any orders without assigning any reasons. Further, OpticsForYou reserves the right to revoke any offer and correct any omission, error, or inaccuracy, whether or not a quotation or order has been submitted, confirmed and/or your credit card charged. Every effort has been made to ensure accuracy of information listed and OpticsForYou is not responsible for any errors, omissions or inaccuracies contained therein.
Comparative Pricing
OpticsForYou makes its best effort to ensure the "List Price" (located on product pages) represents the full retail price suggested by the supplier or manufacturer, the price estimated based on comparable items offered elsewhere, a former price the item was offered for by at OpticsForYou, or the price estimated in accordance with standard industry practice. Please note the "List Price" may vary according to your geographic location. OpticsForYou offers its products nationally and internationally and it is impossible to indicate the particular "List Price" of an item in every location on any day. "You Save" indicates the difference between the "List Price" and the "Sale Price". Since "List Price" may vary in your location, you may realize a savings is greater or less than what the "You Save" indicates.
If you have additional questions regarding our Pricing Policy, please feel free to contact us.
Sales Tax
Sales tax, if any, is charged based on the applicable state and local sales tax regulations and rates.
Please note: OpticsForYou withholds sales tax as required by law; these laws are subject to change. In addition, OpticsForYou reserves the right to change this policy as needed.
Sales tax does not apply when placing an order for a tax-exempt government agency or institution. Purchaser must provide a copy of your tax-exempt status or resale certification at the time of ordering for our records.
Sales tax does not apply to the purchase of a gift certificate; however, sales tax does apply when a gift certificate is redeemed for a purchase.
Sales tax does not apply to orders shipping internationally.
Alabama: Seller has collected the simplified sellers use tax on taxable transactions delivered into Alabama and the tax will be remitted on the customer's behalf to the Alabama Department of Revenue.Seller's program account number is SSU-R010170999. OpticsForYou does not collect sales or use tax in Oklahoma. Sales or use tax is due from the purchaser on certain purchases from OpticsForYou. Oklahoma requires the purchaser to file a sales or use tax return and pay the tax. This notice is provided under the requirements of each state's law.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us via phone or email.
Payment Options
We want your shopping experience with us to be both safe and convenient. We offer a wide variety of payment options so that you can choose the one that best fits your needs. OpticsForYou accepts most major credit cards,PayPal, checks, money orders, wire transfers, and purchase orders. For more detailed information on our payment option policies, please read our Payment Options Policy Information Page and feel free to contact us if there are any questions.
Order Cancellation Policy
OpticsForYou is dedicated to providing exemplary customer service to all of our customers. We pride ourselves on our ability to quickly and accurately process all orders. If you have any questions regarding your purchase, we will do everything we can to address your concerns. If you wish to cancel your order for any reason, please contact us as soon as possible. As a vast majority of in-stock items ship within 24 hours from our Northbrook, Illinois warehouse, it is imperative that you contact us so we may attempt to cancel your order before it is processed and/or shipped. For more detailed information on our order cancellation policies, please review our Order Cancellation Information Page and feel free to contact us if there are any questions.
International Orders
OpticsForYou specializes in shipping internationally and aspires to make the process as simple as possible for our customers. Most of our products can be shipped to almost any destination worldwide where UPS or USPS services are available. For all customers with either an international billing or shipping address in their order, please read the following and contact us via phone or email should you have any questions.
Shipping
OpticsForYou ships internationally to all countries where UPS or USPS services are available.
Our Value International Shipping option uses a variety of reliable shipping carriers to ensure your order is delivered in a timely and secure manner. Once you place an order, the most efficient carrier is automatically selected based on the destination, size, and weight of your package. It takes approximately 6 to 15 business days to receive your order with our Value Shipping International option; however, allow up to 21 business days for final delivery.
Please make sure to check your local laws, rules and regulations in regards to all custom/brokerage fees, duties, taxes and restrictions imposed on goods imported into the country of destination as all fees mentioned above are the responsibility of the recipient and not OpticsForYou. All costs incurred on a refused delivery because of high custom or brokerage fees, duties, taxes or restrictions imposed by the country of destination are the responsibility of the customer.
Please note that some products are prohibited from shipping internationally and/or may require additional authorization from the U.S. Government or our suppliers. Sometimes, this is due to contractual restrictions by our manufacturing partners. In other cases, restrictions are imposed by the U.S. Government. For more details, please read our Export Policy and Export Restrictions. We will notify you if there are any restrictions which prevent your order from shipping.
Unfortunately, there are certain countries that USPS cannot ship to because of insurance reasons. For orders addressed to these countries, please select a valid international UPS shipping method.
For more specific information on our international shipping policies, please review our Shipping Policy Information Page.
Returns
OpticsForYou allows returns on international orders for an exchange or refund within 30 days of merchandise receipt. All exchanges and returns require the completion of a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) form that is only active for 10 days from the date of submission. Please promptly ship the product back to us to meet this timeframe. In addition, please note that OpticsForYou is not responsible for any shipping charges incurred in returning the merchandise to us or for any shipping charges associated with your new order.
For more information, please review our Return Policy Information Page.
Order Verification
OpticsForYou takes the security of our customers' financial information very seriously. All international orders regardless of payment method are subject to our order verification process. By limiting fraudulent transactions and verifying order information ahead of time, we are able to provide consistently low prices and superior service, while maintaining the security of the ordering process and limiting unnecessary expenses. Please be aware that there may be a slight delay in the processing of your order while the order details are being verified.
OpticsForYou reserves the right to validate any order through a variety of tools and methods available to us. OpticsForYou may require additional information from the customer in order to confirm that all received information is verifiable and legitimate prior to clearance. Orders will not be processed prior to being confirmed valid.
Payment Options
OpticsForYou accepts most major credit cards, PayPal, checks, money orders, wire transfers and purchase orders. For more detailed information on our payment option policies, please read our Payment Options Policy Information Page.
Pricing
Please note that pricing and availability are subject to change without notice. All prices listed are in U.S. dollars. For more detailed information on our pricing policies, please review our Pricing Policy.
Order Cancellation
If you wish to cancel your order for any reason, please contact us as soon as possible. As a vast majority of in-stock items ship within 24 hours from our Northbrook, Illinois warehouse, it is imperative that you contact us so we may attempt to cancel your order before it is processed and/or shipped. For more detailed information on our order cancellation policies, please review our Order Cancellation Information Page.
Please feel free to contact us via phone or email if you have any questions.
Shipping Policy
OpticsForYou provides FREE Value Shipping to the contiguous 48 states, DC, and to all U.S. Military APO/FPO/DPO addresses on qualifying orders over $49. All other orders will be charged competitive shipping rates. For exact rates, use our convenient online shipping calculator.
Competitive shipping rates apply to all shipments to Alaska, Hawaii and U.S. Territories (Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, U.S. Virgin Islands, Northern Mariana Islands and U.S. Minor Outlying Islands). Please refer to the Shipping How to Guide for further details.
Most in-stock orders ship within 1-2 business days from our Northbrook, Illinois warehouse. Upon shipment, you will automatically be notified with tracking information via email.
For information on orders to U.S. Military addresses, please review our page about APO/FPO/DPO Shipping and Export Restrictions.
For information on international shipping, please review our International Orders Policy.
For extended information on our shipping policies, please review our detailed Shipping Policy Information Page.
B2B and B2G Sales to Government, Military and Law Enforcement
OpticsForYou is a fully accredited procurement solutions provider with a strong history of working with all branches of the U.S. Government. We pride ourselves in delivering fast, smart, end-to-end customer service. As an active Department of Defense vendor, we currently work with the U.S. Armed Forces, Law Enforcement agencies, as well as public and private institutions both domestic and worldwide. Being highly experienced with open market procurements, government contracts, and international tenders, OpticsForYou offers professional, personalized assistance at a competitive price to solve your product needs. With our extensive supply of products, the ability to create comprehensive solutions for our clients and our extensive experience fulfilling even the most difficult orders, OpticsForYou is the place to turn to for all of your procurement needs.
For more detailed information, please contact us if you have any additional questions.
Export Policy and Export Restrictions Information
The U.S. Department of State's Directorate of Defense Trade Controls, the U.S. Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security, and the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control administer export control regulations that affect some aspects of our business. We request that you (the "Customer") read and familiarize yourself with the following regarding certain applicable export regulations.
Domestic Product Policy
OpticsForYou offers several items that are restricted for sale in the United States of America by federal, state, and/or local laws and regulations. Sale of these restricted items may be limited to United States Military, Law Enforcement, Correctional Facility Personnel, Security Guards, Peace Officers, and various other authorized users. For more detailed information, please review our Domestic Product Policy and contact us if you have any questions.
Contact information
We are here to help you! If you would like to contact us
OpticsForYou (A division of OpticsPlanet, Inc.)
3150 Commercial Ave
Northbrook, IL 60062
Toll-Free Phone: (800) 504-5994
Intl. Calls: (847) 513-6206
Fax: (847) 919-3005
Email: Sales@OpticsForYou.com
OpticsForYou Policies