https://www.barnowltrust.org.uk/sitemap/cookie-policy/
Navigation
Home
Main Menu^
About Us
What we do
FAQ
Barn Owl Trust campaigns
Barn Owl Trust projects
Barn Owl surveys
Owl rescue & rehabilitation
Owl sanctuary
Who we work with
Barn Owl Trust courses
Barn Owl talks & environmental education
Schools & young people
Talks for groups
How to book a talk
Who’s who
Trustees
Staff & Volunteers
Job Vacancies
History of the Trust
Being green
Finances
Contact us
Data Policy
Cookie Policy
Sitemap
Useful links
Barn Owls
Barn Owl facts
Signs of occupation
Adaptations
Hunting & feeding
Barn Owl home range
Barn Owls in spring – nesting
Owlets – rearing young
Juvenile dispersal
Barn Owls in winter
Barn Owl life expectancy
Barn Owl pellets
Current UK population
Barn Owl distribution
Past population
How to encourage wild Barn Owls
Barn Owls and the law
Wild Barn Owl protection
Protection whilst nesting
Barn Owl licences
Wild owl care
Keeping & release
Dead owls, eggs & feathers
Nestcams & photography
Barn Owl webcams
Owl species
Owlet ID & ageing
Tawny Owl facts
Little Owl facts
American Barn Owls
Photo Galleries
Barn Owl videos
Record a Barn Owl
Nestboxes
Where’s the best place for your Barn Owl nestbox?
How to clean out nestboxes
Nestboxes for buildings
Nestboxes for trees
Pole-mounted nestboxes
Nest spaces within building projects
How to build a wildlife tower
Tawny Owl nestboxes
Little Owl nestboxes
Habitat
Roosting & nesting places
Is your area suitable?
North West England
North East England
Midlands
East Anglia
Thames
Southern England
South West England
Wales
Northern Scotland
Southern Scotland
How much land?
Countryside Stewardship for Barn Owls
How to manage land for Barn Owls
Hazards & Solutions
Rat poison
Safer rat control
Major roads
Nest & roost site loss
Planning decisions
Poor nestbox design
Water troughs
Electrocution/Wires
Climate & ecological crisis
Fracking and Barn Owls
Ground-mounted solar panels
Wind turbines
Owl Care
Picking up a live Owl
What to do if you find a young Barn Owl
What to do if you find a young Tawny Owl
How to check for injuries
Rescued owl care: Should I get help?
Finding a rehabilitator
Barn Owl Directory – find local contacts
Short term owl care
Aviaries for Barn Owls
Feeding Barn Owls
Rescued owl release methods
Report a dead and/or ringed owl
Thinking of keeping a captive Barn Owl?
Support Us
Make a donation
Adopt a Barn Owl
Become a Friend of the Barn Owl Trust
Owl Aid Gifts
Owlet Kids’ Club
Giving without money
Volunteering
Do your own thing
Raise funds
Leave a legacy for Barn Owls
Our Memory Tree
News & Events
News & Events
News
News archive
Events Diary
Regular Events
Events archive
UK Barn Owl population
Barn Owl numbers updates
Wildlife Diary 2020
About our Wildlife Diary
Owl E-News
Kids’ Stuff
How to talk to children about the Climate Crisis
Owl colouring pages
Owl crafts
Barn Owl facts & fun
News & activities – The Flyer
Owl jokes
Owl puzzles
The Owl and the Pussycat
Lesson planning ideas
Science
Literacy
Numeracy
Owl wallpapers
Owl videos
Owlet kids’ club
Shop
Barn Owl Trust shop
Shipping & delivery
My account
Gift Ideas
Charity Gifts
Christmas Cards, wrap & labels
Clothing & Accessories
Stationery & Craft
Books and publications
Educational Resources
Nestboxes
Special Offers
Return to Content
You are here: Home › Sitemap › Cookie Policy
Cookie overview:
Like most websites, this site uses cookies – small bits of text which your web browser uses to store information and help us to give you a better experience.
In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences and settings, store payment information and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which explains how to manage your cookies.
Permission to use cookies:
If the settings in your browser (the software that you are using to view this website), are adjusted to accept cookies, and you continue to use our website, we take this to mean that you accept our use of cookies.
Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn more about this below, however doing so might mean that our site may not work as you would expect.
Cookies in use on this site:
Website function cookies
We use cookies to make our website work as you’d expect, including to:
Remember any settings and preferences during and between visits.
Improve the speed and security of the site.
Collect anonymised stats which we use to improve our website, making it more useful, easier to navigate, etc.
Remember if you have accepted our terms and conditions
Remember if you have accepted our cookies
Make our shopping basket and checkout work
Save you having to login to your account every time
Determine if you are logged in to your account or not
Make our forms work securely
There is currently no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Account users:
If you have an account and you log in to this site, a temporary cookie is set to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
The personal information you provide in your account details is stored indefinitely. You can see, edit, or delete your personal information at any time. Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Third party functions:
Our site, like most websites, includes functionality provided by third parties, such as embedded YouTube videos. Embedded content from other websites behaves in the same way as if you had visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
These cookies sometimes track your usage across different websites.
Disabling these cookies may break the functions offered by these third parties.
Our site includes the following which use cookies: (Please refer to the links below for more information.)
YouTube videos (Google)
Google Maps
PayPal payment button
Social media cookies
ShareThis provides lots of sharing buttons for social media
ShareThis Privacy Policy + opt out button
The privacy implications vary depending on the privacy settings you have set on social media networks.
Anonymous visitor statistics cookies
We use cookies to compile anonymous visitor statistics, such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. P.C. or mobile device, which helps to identify when our site isn’t working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what pages they look at etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called “analytics” programs also tell us if , on an anonymous basis, how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether they have been here before.
Our site includes the following which uses cookies:
JetPack
Google Analytics
WordPress
Turning cookies off:
You can switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies (Learn how here). You can usually also remove cookies previously set. Doing so may limit the functionality of this and most other websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites.
Opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites.
Share This Privacy Policy + opt out button.
If you have concerns about “spyware”, you may find that anti-spyware software – which automatically deletes any cookies considered to be invasive – is a better solution, rather than switching off all cookies in your browser.
The cookie information on this page was derived from content provided by Attacat Internet Marketing and CookieBot.
Privacy Policy
We use cookies on our website to help give you the best on-line experience. Find out more.Okay, thanks