http://www.britmycolsoc.org.uk/footer/privacy/
PrivacyTerms & ConditionsSitemap
Privacy
Types of information we collect:
Personal information is information that is associated with your name or personal identity. The BMS does not collect any personal information unless you submit such information for the purposes of an enquiry or in the event of joining the society. Personal information submitted for an enquiry will be deleted on closure of the enquiry, unless you have requested to receive further information from the Society. Any personal information held about you will deleted on request and with cancellation of any membership or communication agreements you enter into with the society.
We may collect the following information:
•    name and status
•    address and contact information including email address
•    your journal preferences, your payment method
•    information about your professional interests
•    other information such as your reasons for joining the Society
•    details of your subscription payments including direct debit instructions
Non-personal information is data about website usage that is not associated with a specific personal identity. The BMS collects and analyzes non-personal information to evaluate how visitors use the website. This is done using Google Analytics.
How we use your information:
The BMS uses your personal information to provide you with information and membership benefits. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete any transactions or orders, to communicate with you, to update you on services and benefits.
Online payments
When making subscription payments online with a credit/debit card through WorldPay, you will be transferred to the WorldPay secure payment servers to enter your financial information. By doing so, the BMS does not have access to your financial details.
Who we share your information with:
The BMS will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others. We will not share your personal information without your consent.
Access to and accuracy of your information
The BMS aims to keep your information up to date and will request annual updates as part of membership. If there is any change to the information requested from you as part of membership, or to receive any communication from the society, please inform the Secretary.
Keeping your information secure
The BMS takes the security of your information very seriously and takes steps to ensure its safety against physical and virtual theft.
Payment
The BMS provides a WorldPay form as a means of renewing a subscription. This process is carried out using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on the WorldPay website. SSL encryption is designed to make the information unreadable by anyone else. This security measure is working when you see either the symbol of an unbroken key or closed lock (depending on your browser) on the bottom of your browser window.
Cookies
Introduction
Our website uses cookies.
By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy
About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and identify users returning to a website.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies.
A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date).
A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Our cookies
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies on this website.
We may send to you the following cookies:
(a)    __utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz, – We will use this persistent and session cookies to enable Google Analytics to measure how users interact with our website content.
(b)    CONCRETE5 – We will use this session cookie to enable the Concrete5 content managment system used to operate our website.
Third party and analytics cookies
When you use our website, you may also be sent third party cookies.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Cookies and personal information
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Blocking cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:
(a)    in Internet Explorer (version 9) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy" and then "Advanced";
(b)    in Firefox (version 16) you can block all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options", "Privacy", selecting "Use custom settings for history" from the drop-down menu, and unticking "Accept cookies from sites"; and
(c)    in Chrome (version 23), you can block all cookies by accessing the "Customise and control" menu, and clicking "Settings", "Show advanced settings" and "Content settings", and then selecting "Block sites from setting any data" under the "Cookies" heading.
Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
If you block cookies, you may not be able to use all the features on this website.
Deleting cookies
You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer. For example:
(a)    in Internet Explorer (version 9), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835);
(b)    in Firefox (version 16), you can delete cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options", "Privacy" and then "Show Cookies", and then clicking "Remove All Cookies"; and
(c)    in Chrome (version 23), you can delete all cookies by accessing the "Customise and control" menu, and clicking "Settings", "Show advanced settings" and "Clear browsing data", and then selecting "Delete cookies and other site and plug-in data" before clicking "Clear browsing data".
Again, doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
Contact us
This website is owned and operated by The British Mycological Society, Registered Charity No 276503.
If you have any questions about our cookies or this cookies policy, please contact us:
(a)    by email (to admin@britmycolsoc.info);
(b)    by telephone (to +44 (0) 330 1330002); or
(c)    by post (to Charles Darwin House, 12 Roger Street, London, WC1N 2JU ).
By continuing to use this website you are agreeing to our use of cookies. OK
More information