http://www.britmycolsoc.org.uk/footer/legal/
PrivacyTerms & ConditionsSitemap
BMS Website Terms and Conditions
General terms and conditions for website usage
By continuing to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use which, together with our privacy policy, govern the BMS's relationship with you in relation to this website.
The terms 'BMS', 'Society', 'us' or 'we' refer to the owner of the website whose registered office is The British Mycological Society, Charles Darwin House, 12 Roger Street, London, WC1N 2JU. Our charity number is 276503. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose.
You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, the BMS takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
In order to access certain parts of this website you must be/become a member of the Society. In order to become a member you must submit an application form and pay the appropriate subscription.
During any purchases you will be redirected to www.worldpay.com in order to submit your credit or debit card details. Upon successful completion of the transaction you will be returned to the page on our website from where you were re-directed, and you will then be able to access, display and change your personal details as necessary.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
This website contains links to other websites which are not under the control of the BMS. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of such sites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England.
Additional terms and conditions applicable to members and on application for membership
By submitting an application for membership of the BMS:
You agree that you will abide by the rules and bye laws of the of the Society as given in the  Society's Constitution which is available on the website https://www.britmycolsoc.org.uk/society/governance/constitution/
You agree that you will pay subscriptions to the Society as they become due and as notified from time to time.
You understand that applications for membership are received by the Society in good faith and may be vetted as to your suitability as a member. As such each application and any related membership subscription will be acknowledged by the Society on completion of the online process. In the event that for any reason an application is unsuccessful, any membership and/or journal subscriptions will be repaid by the Society in full.
You agree that any declarations provided about your status/membership eligibility may be subject to further confirmation and that if found to be incorrect will result in suspension of your membership. In the event of non-payment of subscriptions membership may be suspended until such time as appropriate subscriptions have been paid.
You agree that any BMS journals received as part of your individual subscription to the Society must not be resold or distributed to third parties.
If we suspect a member is abusing/misusing or fraudulently using the site or its contents we will suspend or terminate their membership without notice.
By continuing to use this website you are agreeing to our use of cookies. OK
More information