https://www.trumpeterswansociety.org/how-to-help/donate.html
Skip to main content
Who We Are
Mission & History
Origins of the Society
Board & Staff
Contact Us
Financial Statements
What we do
North America Swan Populations
Continent-wide
Pacific Coast Population
Rocky Mountain Population
Interior Population
Restoration & Management
Swan Health
Trumpeter Watch
Report a Swan
Education & Research Projects
Current Research Projects
TTSS Swan Conferences
Outreach & Advocacy
Swan Information
Identification and Behavior
Adult Voice, Head and Bill
Juvenile Swan Identification
Similar Species and Hybrids
Swan Behavior
Family Bonds
Flight
FAQs
Threats to Trumpeter Swans
Swan Library & Links
Swan Library
Swan Range Maps
Swan Restoration Stories, Odds & Ends
TTSS Swan Conference Abstracts
Swan Links
Swan Links - General Information
Swan Links- United States
Swan Links- Canada
Swan Links- International
Swan Events
Resources for Teachers
How To Help
Donate
Year-end Gift
Membership
Fund a Swan Sighting
Adopt A Swan
Amazon Smile
Gift Shop
North American Swan Fund
Pick a Project
Planned Giving
Stock Gifts
News
Sign up for Enews
Blog
Current TTSS Blog
Blog Archive
News and Notes Archive
2020 News and Notes
2019 News and Notes
Swan Stories
Trumpetings Newsletters
How To Help
Donate
Year-end Gift
Membership
Fund a Swan Sighting
Adopt A Swan
Amazon Smile
Gift Shop
North American Swan Fund
Pick a Project
Planned Giving
Stock Gifts
Quick and easy one time or monthly gift for swans
"I think the Trumpeter Swan is a symbol of what man needs, as well as what the swan needs.  What the swan needs is the symbol of what we need – a whole planet, a healthy planet.
But, I think also that the concern for the swan as evidenced in this Society is a symbol of an awakening in the consciousness of people, of concern for our world – a world inherited, used, abused, nearly lost; a complete world, moving, breathing, burgeoning with life – fish, fowl, flowers, animals, and man.  There is the word altruism, and I think it could be applied to the formation of this Society.
And, I think The Trumpeter Swan Society itself is a symbol of a more altruistic concern for all life, because keeping the Trumpeter Swan healthy means keeping that complete world, the habitat."
~ Margaret "Mardy" Murie, wilderness advocate, preservationist, matriarch of the conservation movement. In her decades of conservation activism, Mardy Murie advocated for the Wilderness Act, testified before Congress on protecting Alaska wild lands and was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Donate to special projects? You can also donate through our "Click and Pledge" page and make donations to different projects and program needs at the same time.
Other ways to donate
Mail-in Donation Form
Photograph by Margaret Smith
Donate to help a Trumpeter SwanWild trumpeter swans are counting on youYour gift today makes sure Trumpeter Swans can continue their journey of recovery and restoration to North America.
Why is that important? The Trumpeter Swan is an “indicator species” of healthy wetlands and waterways. They thrive in clean waters and high quality habitat that supports countless plant and animal species that have no voice of their own. That's why wild Trumpeter Swans are counting on you.
Trumpeter Swans are symbols of hope showing that science, partnerships, and perseverance can bring a species back from the brink of extinction.
Your gift trumpets that inspiring journey, a journey that is not yet finished.
Trumpeter Swans need your help to continue that journey.
Your gift today helps to assure the vitality and welfare of wild Trumpeter Swans.
Through your donation you are part of the inspiring story of recovery.
You make the world a more beautiful place.
And you support science-based research and expertise for the best swan conservation.
Your donation to The Trumpeter Swan Society will be used for
habitat security throughout the year including nesting, migration and wintering
continued restoration of Trumpeter Swans in the west
swan health issues including reducing lead poisoning and power line collisions
advocacy against swan threats, both regional and national
bringing the best possible science-based recommendations to swan managers across North America
With your help Trumpeter Swans will continue their remarkable return to North America.
Double your impact!
NEW donations are matched dollar for dollar by our Board of Directors, doubling your impact! (up to $10,000/year total new donations).
Facebook
Powered by Firespring