https://www.trumpeterswansociety.org/how-to-help/gift-shop.html
Skip to main content
Who We Are
Mission & History
Origins of the Society
Board & Staff
Contact Us
Financial Statements
What we do
North America Swan Populations
Continent-wide
Pacific Coast Population
Rocky Mountain Population
Interior Population
Restoration & Management
Swan Health
Trumpeter Watch
Report a Swan
Education & Research Projects
Current Research Projects
TTSS Swan Conferences
Outreach & Advocacy
Swan Information
Identification and Behavior
Adult Voice, Head and Bill
Juvenile Swan Identification
Similar Species and Hybrids
Swan Behavior
Family Bonds
Flight
FAQs
Threats to Trumpeter Swans
Swan Library & Links
Swan Library
Swan Range Maps
Swan Restoration Stories, Odds & Ends
TTSS Swan Conference Abstracts
Swan Links
Swan Links - General Information
Swan Links- United States
Swan Links- Canada
Swan Links- International
Swan Events
Resources for Teachers
How To Help
Donate
Year-end Gift
Membership
Fund a Swan Sighting
Adopt A Swan
Amazon Smile
Gift Shop
North American Swan Fund
Pick a Project
Planned Giving
Stock Gifts
News
Sign up for Enews
Blog
Current TTSS Blog
Blog Archive
News and Notes Archive
2020 News and Notes
2019 News and Notes
Swan Stories
Trumpetings Newsletters
How To Help
Donate
Year-end Gift
Membership
Fund a Swan Sighting
Adopt A Swan
Amazon Smile
Gift Shop
North American Swan Fund
Pick a Project
Planned Giving
Stock Gifts
WE ACCEPT DISCOVER, MASTERCARD AND VISAYou may click on the BUY NOW button below to go through ClickandPledge.com's secure check out process.
Gift Shop items are below donation opportunities.
Do you shop on Amazon?
Choose "Trumpeter Swan Society" on Amazon Smile
Support TTSS every time you shop on Amazon!
Photograph by Margaret Smith
Gift ShopYES! I WANT TO HELP TRUMPETER SWANS!You will find exclusive trumpeter swan items in our Gift Shop. Proceeds from your purchases assure the vitality and welfare of wild Trumpeter Swans.
Are you looking for something for someone who has everything? Consider a Gift Membership and know that 100% of your gift restores, protects and helps North American's magnificent Trumpeter Swans.
Click on "Order online" and you will link to our Click and Pledge page to purchase your Gift Shop Items.
Gift Shop items are below donation opportunities on our Click and Pledge page. Purchase an exclusive TTSS item and honor a special someone or occasion with a donation to help Trumpeter Swans. Thank you!
New!
Swan Conservationist Face Masks. $19.99 each, shipping in USA only
Limited supply!
The simple, bold design created by Peppermint Narwhal features the magnificent Trumpeter Swan in flight and your proud support as a "swan conservationist".
These triple-ply cotton masks, available in black or white, are a snug fit and washable with ear loops made from the same material as the mask.
Swan Conservationist Face Masks. $19.99 each, shipping in USA only
Limited supply!
Swan Conservationist Face Mask. $19.99 each, includes shipping within USA only
The simple, bold design created by Peppermint Narwhal features the magnificent Trumpeter Swan in flight and your proud support as a "swan conservationist".
These triple-ply cotton masks, available in black or white, are a snug fit and machine washable with ear loops made from the same material as the mask.
Order online through Click and Pledge
Purchase a Swan Conservationist face mask today and support The Trumpeter Swan Society.
"How Grace Got Her Name" children's book. $30 shipping within USA only
“Based on true events this is a heartwarming story of how a beautiful wild Trumpeter Swan became known as Grace, inspired the town, and raised a fine family.
One day while walking along the river birdwatchers saw a swan in trouble. They called the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife to come and help her. In this story, you will see how a whole town took an interest in her rehabilitation, and when Grace was eventually returned to the river something wonderful happened.“
Special! Click the photo to buy right now!
Order online through Click and Pledge
Fridge Magnets
Fridge Magnet_ "The earth is what we all have in common" $4
Inspiring and true.
This 3.7" x 5.5" magnet features renowned naturalist and writer Wendell Berry's quote, "The earth is what we all have in common" and a swan family at sunset on a winter evening.
Photo by Margaret Smith
Fridge Magnet_ "The earth is what we all have in common" $4
Fridge Magnet Splash Down! $4
Dramatic image of the power and magnificence of swans landing in a froth of splash. Photo (c) Richard Sonnen
Fridge Magnet Splash Down! $4
"Splash Down" fridge magnet. Photo (c) Richard Sonnen
Fridge Magnet Swan Cygnet on a lily pad $4
This adorable day old Trumpeter Swan cygnet is surrounded by the beauty of a lily pad. Photo by Lowell Washburn.
Fridge Magnet Swan Cygnet on a lily pad $4
Day-old Trumpeter Swan cygnet on a lily pad.  Photo by Lowell Washburn
Fridge Magnet "The earth has music for those who listen" $4
Trumpeter Swans add new notes to earth's beautiful symphony of life.
The wonderful quote by George Santayana perfectly suits the return of the trumpeting calls of Trumpeter Swans. Photo by Margaret Smith
Fridge Magnet "The earth has music for those who listen" $4
"The earth has music for those who listen." This George Santayana quote captures the magical music of Trumpeter Swans.
Window Decals
TTSS logo adhesive decal, $4
In 2018, TTSS celebrated 50 years of swan conservation.
This decal shows your support of our mission to assure the vitality and welfare of wild trumpeter swans.
Adhesive decal, 4"x4". Perfect for your car window or bumper. Price includes shipping.
TTSS logo adhesive decal, $4
In 2018, TTSS celebrated 50 years of swan conservation. This decal shows your support of our mission to assure the vitality and welfare of wild trumpeter swans. Adhesive decal, 4"x4". Perfect for your car window or bumper. Price includes shipping.
Cling-on Window Decal, $4
3-color logo with two trumpeters in flight; perfect for your car to help spread the word about TTSS! 3.5" X 3.5" Price includes shipping.
Cling-on Window Decal, $4
Keep Wildlife Safe Adhesive Window Decal, $4
"Keep Wildlife Safe. Please use non-toxic fishing tackle." Perfect for your car, boat and tackle box to help spread the word using non-toxic fishing tackle! Adhesive, waterproof, estimated two year life. 4" X 4" Price includes shipping.
Keep Wildlife Safe Adhesive Window Decal, $4
Lead Kills Adhesive Window Decal, $4
"Lead Kills. Please use non-toxic fishing tackle." Perfect for your car, boat and tackle box to help spread the word using non-toxic fishing tackle! Adhesive, waterproof, estimated two year life. Features TTSS website. 4" X 4" Price includes shipping.
Lead Kills Adhesive Window Decal, $4
Fine Art & Posters
2016-2017 Federal Duck Stamp Poster, $20
Signed by Joseph Hautman ~ Created by Joseph Hautman ~ This poster features Joseph Hautman's award winning 2016-2017 federal Duck Stamp design of Trumpeter Swans flying over a peaceful wetlands scene. Poster size 16" x 20".
2016-2017 Federal Duck Stamp Poster, $20
Fanfare, $150
Painted by James A. Meger ~ This magnificent print of three Trumpeter Swans in flight over a large wetland was published to benefit the swans by supporting the Society. Print size 33" x 18".
Fanfare, $150
Spring Thaw - Trumpeter Swan, $40
Spring Thaw - Trumpeter Swans by Jim Hautman, Federal Duck Stamp artist winner. This beautiful limited edition, artist-signed and numbered Trumpeter Swan art print shows an adult swan emerging into open water in a small wetland ringed with melting patches of snow. 21x12 inches.
Spring Thaw - Trumpeter Swan, $40
Notecards and Video
"Swan Love" note cards and envelopes. Set of 5 exclusive TTSS images. $10
These beautiful Trumpeter Swan cards are perfect for any occasion. 4.25"x 5.5", blank inside, with envelopes.
"Swan Love" note cards and envelopes. Set of 5 exclusive TTSS images. $10
Set of 5 exclusive TTSS images showing the love and nurturing care of trumpeter swan pairs to each other and to their family. $10.
Trumpeter Blues, $16.95
A DVD with spectacular photography tracking one year in the life of Trumpeter Swans in Yellowstone National Park region. Produced by Trailwood Films & Bob Landis.
Trumpeter Blues, $16.95
Toys and Collectibles
Handcrafted Swan Puzzle Box, $20
Unique hand-crafted hardwood swan puzzle box. Made in Costa Rica. Hidden inner felt-lined box is perfect for jewelry and other small keepsakes.
Handcrafted Swan Puzzle Box, $20
Facebook
Powered by Firespring