https://www.atlasdigitalmaps.com/privacy-policy/
This site uses cookies and by using this site you are consenting to this. Find out why we use cookies and how to manage your settings.
Find Out More
My Account/Log In
How to Buy
Terms & Conditions
Technical
Contact Us
Go
0 items
£0.00
Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Home
Printed Map Products
Canvas Stretched Prints
Canvas Rolled Prints
Push Pin Maps Std/Large
Self-Adhesive Vinyl Prints
Designer Triptychs
Custom Printing Services
British Isles / UK Maps
Whole UK County maps
Whole UK Road maps
Whole UK Road Relief Maps
Whole UK Relief maps
Scotland maps
North England maps
Central England maps
East England maps
South East England maps
South West England maps
Wales maps
World Maps
Large World Political maps
Large World Relief maps
Large Time Zones maps
Medium World Political
Medium World Relief
Small World Political maps
Small World Rectangular
Small World Relief maps
Political Globes
Relief
Globes
Regional Maps
Africa Political maps
Africa Relief maps
Asia Political maps
Asia Relief maps
Australasia Political maps
Australasia Relief maps
Europe Political maps
Europe Relief maps
Middle East Maps
N America Political maps
N America Relief maps
C America Political maps
C America Relief maps
S America Political maps
S America Relief maps
Country Maps
Africa Country
maps
Asia Country maps
Australasia Country maps
Australasia Country Relief
C America Country maps
Europe Country maps
Middle East Country Maps
N America Country maps
S America Country maps
City Maps
A to F
G to L
M to R
S to Z
UK Greater City Maps
Map Sets
World Maps
British Isles Maps
Regional Maps
Custom Digital
Home
»
privacy-policy
At MAPS IN MINUTES™ and atlas digital maps™ we are committed to protecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy describes how and when we collect, use, and share information when you purchase an item from us or contact us. It does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control, including 3D Secure Pay360 by Capita and PayPal, the privacy policies of which you can reference to learn more about their privacy practices.
1. a) Your Personal Information We Collect
To fulfil your order, you must provide us with certain information, such as your name, job title, company name & address, email address, telephone number, payment information, and the details of the product that you’re ordering. You may also choose to provide us with additional personal information (for a customised order, for example), if you contact us directly.
In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure your personal information. You must register with us to purchase online and when you log into our site your password allows us to identify you by reference to the personal information that you have provided to us. Certain areas of our website are publicly available and should you choose not to register with us to access them we will not collect any personal information about you.
For online purchases via our SSL Certified website at Checkout and for telephone purchases which are PCI DSS compliant we use 3D Secure Pay360 by Capita (previously trading as PayPoint) and PayPal secure payment systems. Our website is linked to Pay 360 by Capita for on-line payment of our products and may contain links to other websites of interest none of which we own or control. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
1. b) Non-Personal Information We Collect
We may use cookies which are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer's hard disk for record keeping purposes and they can make the world wide web more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site.  The use of cookies is normal practice in the industry and many major websites use them to provide useful features for their customers.  Cookies do not personally identify users, only a user's computer.  Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies but this may prevent you taking full advantage of our website.
On each visit to our site, our server will log your Internet Protocol ("'IP") address and the domain name of your Internet provider.  This does not by itself identify a specific individual.
2. Why We Need Your Information and How We Use It
We rely on a number of legal bases to collect, use, and share your information, including:as needed to provide our services, such as when we use your information to fulfil your order, to settle disputes, or to provide customer support;when you have provided your affirmative consent, which you may revoke at any time, such as by signing up for our mailing list;if necessary to comply with a legal obligation or court order or in connection with a legal claim, such as retaining information about your purchases if required by tax law; andas necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interests, if those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests, such as providing and improving our services. We use your information to provide and, in our legitimate interests to improve, the services you requested.3. Information Sharing and Disclosure
Information about our customers is important to our business. We share your personal information for very limited reasons and in limited circumstances, as follows:Service providers. We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to our shop, such as manufacturers. We will share your personal information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these services.Business transfers. If we sell or merge our business, we may disclose your information as part of that transaction, only to the extent permitted by law.Compliance with laws. We may collect, use, retain, and share your information if we have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to: (a) respond to legal process or to government requests; (b) enforce our agreements, terms and policies; (c) prevent, investigate, and address fraud and other illegal activity, security, or technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property, and safety of our customers, or others.4. Data Retention
We retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to provide you with our services and as described in our Privacy Policy. However, we may also be required to retain this information to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. We generally keep your data for the time period of 7 years.
5. Transfers of Personal Information Outside the EU
Service providers. We engage certain trusted third parties in Canada to perform functions and provide services to our shop, such as our manufactures. Only to the extent necessary to perform these services, may we may share your personal information with these third parties which may be under a jurisdiction with different data protection and government surveillance laws than your jurisdiction. For privacy and data security protection our manufacturers are certified by McAfee Secure.
6. Your Rights
If you reside in certain territories, including the EU, you have a number of rights in relation to your personal information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited cases. We describe these rights below:Access. You may have the right to access and receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you by contacting us using the contact information below.Change, restrict, delete. You may also have rights to change, restrict our use of, or delete your personal information. Absent exceptional circumstances (like where we are required to store data for legal reasons) we will generally delete your personal information upon request.Object. You can object to (i) our processing of some of your information based on our legitimate interests and (ii) receiving marketing messages from us after providing your express consent to receive them. In such cases, we will delete your personal information unless we have compelling and legitimate grounds to continue using that information or if it is needed for legal reasons.Complain. If you reside in the EU and wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local data protection authority.How to Contact Us
For purposes of EU data protection law, we are the data controllers of your personal information. If you have any questions or concerns, you may contact us at sales@mapsinminutes.com. Alternately, you may mail us at:
MAPS IN MINUTES™, Driftwood, Treligga, Delabole, Cornwall PL33 9EE, United Kingdom.
©MAPS IN MINUTES™ 2018All rights reserved
Satisfied customers include... SID GENTLE FILMS 'KILLING EVE' • ABBOTT VISION 'NO OFFENCE' • STEVEN SPIELBERG/WALT DISNEY PICTURES' 'THE BFG' • UNIVERSAL PICTURES 'JASON BOURNE' • MILLENNIUM FILMS 'LONDON HAS FALLEN' • UNIVERSAL PICTURES 'FAST AND FURIOUS 6' • BSKYB • BBC NEWS • APPLE • EON PRODUCTIONS • UNIVERSAL PICTURES 'SAVAGES' • LAND ROVER • EDDIE STOBART • JD WETHERSPOON • HIGH NOON ENTERTAINMENT • VODAFONE • NATIONAL TRUST • RSPB • THE BRITISH LIBRARY • ENGLISH HERITAGE • FREIGHT TRANSPORT ASSOCIATION • ROYAL HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY • BBC WORLDWIDE PUBLISHING • EMI INTERNATIONAL • MACMILLANS • THE PRINCE'S TRUST • RED BULL (N AMERICA) • THOMAS COOK • STENA LINE FREIGHT • COMMONWEALTH SECRETARIAT • SHELL • BSKYB • BBC SCOTLAND • CBS • APPLE • LAND ROVER • EON PRODUCTIONS 'TOMORROW NEVER DIES' • UNIVERSAL PICTURES 'FAST AND FURIOUS 6' • OXFAM • QI • VODAFONE • NATIONAL TRUST • RSPB • ENGLISH HERITAGE • ROYAL COLLEGE OF ART • TWO PALMS (NEW YORK) • SIGHTSAVERS INTERNATIONAL • OPEN UNIVERSITY • EMI INTERNATIONAL • RBS • MACMILLANS • THOMAS COOK • IPC • ITV • SHELL • BRITISH MOTOR INDUSTRY HERITAGE TRUST • NATIONAL ARCHIVES • 1WALL •
Contact Us |
Links |
Site Map
| Site Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy
©MAPS IN MINUTES™ 2018. All Rights Reserved.
Prices shown exclude any applicable TAX
VAT Registration No. GB 443 8672 27
Tax InformationSales Tax (Value Added Tax) is payable for supplies in accordance with tax legislation
European Union businesses which are VAT registered for zero-rated supplies from the UK must submit their Sales Tax No. (MwSt/TVA/IVA etc.)including country code prefix (for example, DE for Germany, FR for France). Without this number, Sales Tax will be charged
Sales Tax is not payable for supplies to Non European Union destinations outside the UK
Customs and Import TaxesCustomers are responsible for any customs and import taxes that may apply. RH Publications is not responsible for delays due to customs
Please note : Prices shown in our store are exclusive of Sales Tax, Customs & Import Taxes
×
Copyright & AcknowledgementsThis website is owned by RH Publications which trades as MAPS IN MINUTES™ ("MIM") and atlas digital maps™ (adm).
RH Publications owns intellectual property rights in this website and
its content which includes but is not limited to copyright and
trademarks. RH, MAPS IN MINUTES™ and atlas digital maps™ are trademarks
of RH Publications.
RH Publications is authorised by Ordnance Survey, Collins Bartholomew, Lovell Johns and Planetary Visions Ltd. to
license all other intellectual property rights vesting in this website
and its content.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of us or licensed to us are duly acknowledged.
With the exception of the information printable from this website, any copy, adaption or reproduction of this website and its
content and any authorised internet or intranet site is an infringement
of copyright unless express permission is obtained from RH Publications.
Failing such permission RH Publications is entitled to pursue legal
prosecution.
©MAPS IN MINUTES™ 2020 All rights reserved ×