https://www.acmt.net/privacypolicy.html
PrivacyPolicy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is a matter of paramount concern to the American College of Medical Toxicology as you visit our website and/or communicate with us via e-mail. We take this opportunity to provide you with explicit information on how we collect, gather, and identify information during your visit to www.acmt.net.This information may be expanded or updated as we modify or develop the site. It is for this reason that we suggest that you review this policy periodically.Personally identifiable information refers to information that tells us specifically who you are, such as your name, phone number, e-mail or postal address. In most cases, this information is of benefit, or even essential, for us to provide the personalized or enhanced services that you request.  Under no circumstances whatsoever, is any such personal information you may share with ACMT provided to other individuals, companies or organizations. The extent of personally identifiable information that you choose to disclose to ACMT is at your discretion. The only way personal information would be made known to ACMT is if you provide it to us in conjunction with a request for information and/or our services.What information do we collect and how do we use it? ACMT collects information on our users by your voluntary submissions. We also collect, store and accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of this website, such as: which of our pages and services are of most interest to our clients and prospects.The information ACMT  collects is used only for internal review; to quantify interest in products and services and improve the content of the site, thus making your user experience more valuable; and to let you know about products and services in which you may be interested.E-mail:  If you have provided us your e-mail address, ACMT periodically sends promotional communications about services offered. If you do not wish to receive e-mail information from ACMT at any time, please advise us of the fact by e-mailing . You may also write to us at:American College of Medical Toxicology10645 N. Tatum Blvd. Suite 200-111Phoenix, AZ 85028
By using our website, you consent only to the collection and use of the information as delineated in this Privacy Policy.We thank you for visiting the ACMT site.