http://www.combustioninstitute.org/terms-and-conditions
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube
Login
Register
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
In using this website, you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: “Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting The Combustion Institute’s terms and conditions. “The Company”, “Ourselves”, “We” and “Us”, refers to The Combustion Institute. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to the prevailing laws of the United States of America. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Privacy Policy
When you register with the CI site, you will be asked to provide certain personal information, including your name and email address. We will store your personal information, but will not share it with any third parties, except as necessary to provide the services offered as requested by the user, to monitor usage, and to improve the service. Personal contact information is not sold, shared, or rented to any third party. Third-party companies will not be authorized to transfer this data to other companies, institutions or persons. We will never share your personal information with advertisers or send you promotions for unrelated services. You can access and change your personal information or cancel your account by logging in to your account settings page or by contacting the CI office at Office@CombustionInstitute.org.
We may be required to disclose your personal information in order to:
Comply with the law or legal process;
Protect or defend our rights or property, or the rights or property of others;
Enforce these terms; or
Respond to claims that the content of any material on our system violates the rights of others.
If we must disclose your personal information in order to comply with the law or legal process or for any of the purposes listed, we will inform you (at the email address you provide) as soon as practicable, provided that it is lawful for us to do so.
We will aggregate user information and perform statistical analyses of the collective behavior of our members and visitors, to measure overall demographics, and to analyze how to improve our service. We may share this information with third parties (such as Google Analytics), but such aggregate information does not contain personal information other than IP addresses. In addition, we may compile and disclose aggregate information about our users for communication or other purposes. For example, if you sign up to receive CI’s quarterly newsletters, they are distributed via a third-party service called Benchmark Email. Aggregate user information is not sold, shared, or rented to any third party. Third-party companies will not be authorized to transfer your data to other companies, institutions or persons.
We use session and login cookies, which help us keep track of when a person is logged in and determine the content or sites users link to, and which services people use. We will capture login timestamps, and usage statistics, as well as IP addresses. We will capture some information about the documents stored on the site (such as word count, use of various markup tokens, number of versions, etc.), but we will not view the content of your documents unless you give us permission to do so, or it becomes necessary in order to comply with legal obligations.
We will communicate with you via email, to the email address you provide to us. Any alleged violations of this policy should be brought to the attention of the CI office at Info@CombustionInstitute.org. You will be notified by email of any breach within 72 hours of the event. Some communications, such as quarterly newsletters, may be unsubscribed to via the unsubscribe link in the email. If you would like to cease all communications from us, please send an email to Info@CombustionInstitute.org, and we will cancel your account.
You have the right to access, obtain, or use your personal data at any time by sending an email request to Info@CombustionInstitute.org. If you wish to cancel your account, you may export your documents prior to canceling your account. Upon canceling your account, your files will be marked for deletion in sixty days and will be deleted upon expiration of that sixty-day period.
If you have any questions about your data usage or protection, please contact us at Info@CombustionInstitute.org.
Secure Transmission
For secured-data transmission, The Combustion Institute website, CombustionInstitute.org, uses the industry standard encryption software, Secure Socket Layer (SSL). The URL in your browser will change to “HTTPS” instead of “HTTP” when this security feature is invoked. Your browser may also display a lock or key symbol on its task bar to indicate invoked secure transmission. If these indicators are not present, any information is susceptible to interception by other parties. Most email communication will not be secure. If you are communicating sensitive information, you might want to consider sending it by postal mail.
Payment
MasterCard and Visa credit cards are acceptable forms of payment on the website. Payment via cash, check, and bank transfers can be arranged through contact with The Combustion Institute headquarters: Office@CombustionInstitute.org. Returned checks will incur a $25 charge to cover banking fees and administrative costs. In the event of a returned check, only credit card payments will be accepted thereafter.
Terms of payment are full within thirty (30) days. The Combustion Institute reserves the right to seek recovery of any monies remaining unpaid sixty (60) days from the date of the invoice via collection agency and/or small claims court. In such circumstances, you will be liable for any and all additional administrative costs and/or court fees.
Cancellation Policy and Refunds
Written requests for cancellation of event registration and refunds for registration fees received up to seven (7) calendar days prior to the start of the event will be honored less a 20% processing fee. No refunds will be issued after that date. To request a cancellation and refund please contact The Combustion Institute headquarters: Office@CombustionInstitute.org. Refunds cannot be processed through the website as payment information is not retained. You will be contacted for additional information regarding the refund process.
If the event host has stated a different cancellation and refund policy, that policy will override this policy.
Links to Other Websites
The Combustion Institute websites, CombustionInstitute.org and CombustionSymposia.org, contain linked elements to other websites and documentation as a convenience to our visitors. If you select a link, you will be redirected to another website and this Privacy Notice will not apply. When you link to another website, you are subject to the privacy, copyright, and security policies of each respective organization’s website. Neither The Combustion Institute, nor any agency, officer, or employee of The Combustion Institute warrants the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information published by any external website, nor endorses any content, viewpoints, products, or services linked from these systems and cannot be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of their information. Portions of such information may be incorrect or not current. Any person or entity that relies on any information or transmission obtained from these systems does so at his or her own risk.
If you find a link that does not function, please email The Combustion Institute at: Info@CombustionInstitute.org.
Links to The Combustion Institute Websites
If you share a link to a webpage or document from The Combustion Institute websites, you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.
Photography and Video Recording
The Combustion Institute reserves the right to take photographs and record video and/or audio of speakers, presentations, and attendees during events such as meetings, conferences, and symposia. The Combustion Institute also reserves the right to use photographs, video recordings, and audio recordings of any event and of any attendee on our websites, social media, and/or in promotional materials.
The Combustion Institute is committed to protecting the privacy and copyrights of our members and meeting registrants. The recording of videos and/or audio and taking photographs of oral and poster presentations is prohibited unless permission has been granted by the presenter and any person or organization(s) that hold copyrights to the slide material. Meeting registrants are able to contact The Combustion Institute headquarters and request that their photos not be used on publicity or social media means of expression.
Contact The Combustion Institute
The Combustion Institute may employ several email addresses for different queries. These and other contact information can be found on our Contact Us page of The Combustion Institute website, CombustionInstitute.org, or via distributed literature.
General
The laws of the United States of America govern these terms and conditions. By accessing this website you consent to these terms and conditions and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the U.S. courts in all disputes arising out of such access. Failure of the Company to enforce any of the provisions set out in these Terms and Conditions and any Agreement, or failure to exercise any option to terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the validity of these Terms and Conditions or of any Agreement or any part thereof, or the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision. These Terms and Conditions shall not be amended, modified, varied or supplemented except in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the Company as detailed below.
Notification of Changes
The Company reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the website will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce these changes in the appropriate manner. If there are any changes in how we use website user-submitted personally identifiable information, notification by email or postal mail will be made to those affected by the change. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our website 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to read this statement on a regular basis.
Disclaimer of Liability
In preparation of this website, every effort has been made to offer the most current, correct, and clearly expressed information possible. Nevertheless, inadvertent errors in information may occur. In particular but without limitation, The Combustion Institute disclaims any responsibility for typographical errors and accuracy of the information that may be contained on this website. The information and data included on the website have been compiled by staff from a variety of sources and are subject to change without notice. The Combustion Institute makes no warranties or representations whatsoever regarding the quality, content, completeness, suitability, adequacy, sequence, accuracy, or timeliness of such information and data. The services, information, and data made available at this website are provided “as is” without warranties of any kind. There are linked elements on this website to third party websites and documentation not under control of The Combustion Institute. The Combustion Institute does not assume any responsibility or liability for any information, communications or materials available at such websites, or at any link contained in a linked website. The Combustion Institute does not intend these third-party links to be referrals or endorsements of the linked entities by The Combustion Institute and are provided for convenience only. Each individual website has its own set of policies about what information is appropriate for public access. You assume sole responsibility for use of third-party links to websites and documentation.
Disclaimer of Reliability
The Combustion Institute makes no representations or warranties regarding the condition or functionality of this website, its suitability for use, or that this web service will be uninterrupted or error-free.
Disclaimer of Damages
By using this website, you assume all risks associated with the use of this site, including any risk to your computer, software or data being damaged by any virus, software, or any other file which might be transmitted or activated via a webpage or your access to it. The Combustion Institute shall not in any event be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental, or consequential damages, including, without limitation, lost revenues, or lost profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or misuse of the information or lack of information on this website.
Disclaimer of Endorsement
The Combustion Institute does not favor one group over another, and any references herein to any organizations, specific commercial products, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, do not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement or recommendation by The Combustion Institute.
The terms and conditions listed here form an agreement between the Client and The Combustion Institute. Your accessing of this website, creating an account, and/or undertaking of a booking indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Subscribe
Thanks for subscribing!
You're almost done. Check your email and click the link to confirm your subscription.
Cookies, Privacy, and Terms & Conditions
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users and to optimize your experience on our site. By using our site, you consent to our use of cookies. Refer to our Terms & Conditions for full details of our privacy policy.
Terms & Conditions
Accept
×