http://www.flasolar.com/privacy_policy.php
FlaSolar.com - Privacy Policy
Saturday October 10, 2020 - 04:04 AM
Links in This Area
Legal Stuff
Privacy Policy
Membership and Usage Rules
FlaSolar.com Privacy Policy
FlaSolar.com respects
your right to the privacy of the personal information you provide
us on our Web sites. To that end, unless you designate otherwise
or we state otherwise in this policy or at the time information is
collected, any personal information you provide to
FlaSolar.com will be known only to two parties: you and
FlaSolar.com. The following policy is intended to explain
how your personal information will be treated as you make use of
our sites and their features. Personal information includes your s,
city, state,  zip code,
click-through activity and any other personal information you may
provide here. This policy may change from time to time, so please
check back periodically.
Traffic data
Each time a visitor comes
to a FlaSolar.com Web site, our servers -- like most on the Web
-- collect some basic technical information, including, for
example, the visitor's domain name (e.g., whether the user is
logged on from aol.com or whitehouse.gov), referral data (e.g., we
record the address of the last URL a user visited prior to
clicking through to a FlaSolar.com Web site) and browser and
platform type (e.g., a Netscape browser on a Macintosh platform).
We also count, track and aggregate
the visitor's activity into our analysis of general traffic flows
at our sites (e.g. tracking where traffic comes from, how traffic
flows within the FlaSolar.com sites, etc.). To these ends, we
may merge information about visitors and visits into group data,
which may then be shared on an aggregated basis with our
advertisers; but we will not disclose your individual identity or
personally identifiable data without your permission. When we do
present aggregated information to outside companies, no one will
be able to identify you or contact you.
Use of FlaSolar.com cookies
A cookie is a small amount
of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored
on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies in a limited way to
help deliver advertisements, to identify unique browsers that
visit us and to track usage throughout our site. We also use
cookies on our Salon Shopping site to make the ordering process
more convenient for users.
Other companies which place
advertising on our site also have the ability to assign their
cookies to you in a process that FlaSolar.com does not control.
However, cookies cannot be used to identify individuals, only
machines, so these advertisers will not know who you are.
E-mail newsletters
FlaSolar.com sends a
variety of e-mail newsletters to registrants in the
FlaSolar.com Membership program who have requested them. The
URLs (Web links) in these newsletters contain unique codes that
allow FlaSolar.com to gauge the effectiveness of the
newsletters and determine how they are being used. This
information is valuable to us in the aggregate, but
FlaSolar.com makes no use of it to track any individual user's
clicks.
Letters to the editor
FlaSolar.com asks
senders of letters to the editor to include a phone number so we
can make an effort to verify their identity should we need to in
connection with publication of a letter. We do not retain this
information for any other purpose, nor do we sell, trade or
otherwise disclose it to third parties.
"Send This Page to a
Friend" feature
FlaSolar.com offers an
"Send This page to a Friend" feature, allowing site
visitors to send e-mail to friends to inform them about an article
or other content they might be interested in reading. In order for
this feature to function, we ask for e-mail addresses for the
recipient (so we know who to mail the message to) and from the
sender (so we can tell the recipient who sent the e-mail). We do
not store or save these addresses and you will not receive e-mail
or other communications from FlaSolar.com or its partners as a
result of having used this feature.
"Send This page to a
Friend" is a mail service that individual visitors to
FlaSolar.com make use of to send individual e-mails. While this
tool cannot be used to send mass "spam" mailings,
FlaSolar.com has no control over how our visitors use it, and
any e-mail sent through it originates with, and is the
responsibility of, the sender, not FlaSolar.com.
Promotion
From time to time,
FlaSolar.com may sponsor sweepstakes, contests or other events
which require the collection, processing and storage of individual
contact and demographic information (e.g., your age and state of
residence) to be used for the event. FlaSolar.com may also
co-sponsor these events along with other companies, in which case
the user's individual contact and demographic information is
likely to be shared with other participating sponsors, who may use
this information as they wish. A registrant's personal contact and
demographic information will not be released to any third-party
organization other than named sponsors without the user's consent,
and FlaSolar.com will request that such named sponsors uphold
the privacy of the registrants' information by not distributing or
sharing such information with any other businesses or
organizations.
Surveys
FlaSolar.com will from
time to time conduct voluntary surveys of visitors to the site to
obtain aggregate demographic information about them. Such
information may be compiled and shared in the aggregate with
advertisers and other third parties, but no personal details will
be traceable or associated with specific individuals.
Our commitment to children's
privacy
Protecting the privacy of
the very young is important to us. For that reason, we do not
collect or maintain information at our Web sites from those we
actually know are under 13, and no part of our Web site is
structured to attract anyone under 13.
Other disclosure of personal
information
FlaSolar.com will not
otherwise use or disclose your personal information without your
consent except (i) as described in this privacy policy, or (ii) as
required by law, court order or as requested by other government
or law enforcement authority. This policy does not protect
information you post to any on-line bulletin board, chat room,
newsgroup or other public forum within our Web sites.
Unsubscribe and data removal
policies
Any member may request
removal at any time simply by emailing: member-removal@flasolar.com
and referencing your member email address at time of sign up,
username and zip code. For confirmation purposes we will send you
an email which you simply reply to, to confirm your removal
request.
Other sites
FlaSolar.com contains
many links to other sites on the Web. We cannot control and are
not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other
Web sites.
Who can I ask if I have any
additional questions?
If you have any further
questions or concerns about Flasolar.com's privacy policies and use of
personal information, please send them to helpdesk@FlaSolar.com
Home
| Pool Heating
| Water Heating
| Photovoltaics
| Radiant Barrier
| Flasolar Forums
Recommend Us
| Contact Us
| Legal Disclaimer
| Privacy Policy
Flasolar.com
Copyright 1997 - 2008 | Flasolar.com - All rights reserved.