https://www.eos-aus.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Home / PRIVACY POLICY
EOS Group
Acceptance of this Privacy Policy
By providing EOS with personal information, using this website or applying for a job with the EOS group, you agree to the collection, holding, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with any personal information; contact us so that alternative arrangements can be considered.
Amendments to Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy can be subject to change and will be updated from time to time to include any relevant changes. You should review the policy that is ‘current’ at the time of submission of any personal information to make sure you are comfortable with it.
Kinds of information collected
You may provide us with personal information while working with us or applying for employment with us, providing goods or services to us or purchasing goods or services from us. You may provide us with personal information simply by expressing interest in purchasing goods or services from us. The information we collect about you depends on the situation. In general, we may collect information such as:
your name and contact details;
your date of birth;
work history, experience and details of your performance;
education, qualifications and skills;
awards and achievements;
professional memberships, hobbies and affiliations;
details of referees and personal references; and
answers you provide to questions we ask which assist us to conduct our business, including to determine whether to employ you at EOS.
How information is collected
There is a number of ways in which EOS may collect personal information. EOS may ask you to provide personal information:
via our website;
directly from you, when you provide it to us or our agents or contractors; from publicly available resources;
with your consent, from third parties (where appropriate) including medical professionals and referees that you provide;
view our careers database;
apply for a specific job vacancy;
request to be a supplier or contractor; or
contact us.
Storage of personal information
EOS has security measures in place to attempt to protect against the misuse, interference, loss and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure of personal information under our control. EOS presently stores all information on secure servers that are located either on site in Hume or on proximate backup hardware. In addition, personal information relating to employment applications EOS does not currently store any information overseas however if in future EOS elects to transfer personal information to someone in a foreign country, this will be done in accordance with the requirements of the Australian Privacy Principles. It is likely that some of the entities which provide services to EOS store information overseas.
Passive information collection on website
We may use cookies or similar technologies to collect information about your visits to our website www.eos-aus.com. A cookie is a small text file which is stored on your computer or device by your web browser when you visit our website to enable your visits to be recognised.
The kinds of information that we may collect and hold about your visits to our website include your IP address, domain name, locality, operating system, browser type, referring website, search terms, pages and links accessed, and visit date and time. We may use this information for the purpose of maintaining and improving our website and enhancing your experience browsing our website.
Cookies may be disabled if you do not wish us to collect information about your visits to EOS’ website, but some parts of the website may not function properly as a result.
Use of your personal information
EOS collects and uses personal information where necessary for our business activities, including facilitating employment, sales, dealing with customers and suppliers.
Your personal information will not be passed to anyone outside EOS for any other purpose than those set out under this Privacy Policy, except with those selected third party organisations who may be asked to assist us in providing you with the information, goods, products or services that you have requested or in assessing your application for employment with EOS.
In relation to information provided by applicants for employment, we will only use applicant information in order to facilitate the recruitment process. We will not provide applicant information to any other individual, company or government body or organization whatsoever, except as part of this process or as required by law.
Disclosure of personal information
EOS will not disclose your personal information to any third parties except:
to other companies within the EOS group, if required;
to the extent required in order to contact referees or other people in order to confirm information you have provided (e.g. your work history and qualifications) and to perform relevant background checks;
to third parties appointed by EOS, including our contractors, website and data hosting providers, technology service providers, accountants, lawyers and advisers (in which case EOS uses reasonable steps to ensure such third parties keep your personal information confidential).
Accessing and correcting your personal information
If you need access to personal information held by EOS (for example to update or correct it), we will provide access to that information in accordance with the Act. Where permitted by the Act, a reasonable fee may apply.
To request a correction, update or access to the personal information held by EOS about you, or to correct any personal information, please contact us using the details below.
Complaint process
If you have any questions or concerns about EOS’ collection, use or disclosure of personal information, or if you believe that EOS has not complied with this Privacy Policy or the Act, please contact us. When contacting us, please provide as much detail as possible in relation to the query, issue or complaint.
Reporting of Notifiable Data Breaches
EOS takes reasonable steps to protect personal information from misuse, interference and loss, and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. EOS has in place a data breach response plan intended to enable EOS to contain, assess and respond to data breaches in a timely manner, to help mitigate potential harm to individuals. Where required by the Act, EOS will notify any affected individuals or corporations, as well as the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, in respect of notifiable data breaches which occur.
Contacting EOS
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or about our handling of personal information about you, please contact:
Address: Electro Optic Systems, 90 Sheppard Street, Hume ACT, 2620, Australia
Telephone: +61 2 6298 8000
Email: enquiry@eos-aus.com
EOS respects the privacy of our customers, the privacy of our business contacts and the privacy of our employees.
If at any time you no longer wish to be notified by EOS, please send an email to enquiry@eos-aus.com with the word “unsubscribe” in the subject line and your name and contact details in the body of the email to advise EOS that you do not wish to be further contacted. Please allow up to five working days for your request to be processed.
Changes
This policy may change from time to time. This policy was last updated in August 2018.