http://www.cryogenic.co.uk/legal-information
Jump to Navigation
Home »
Legal Information
Companies Act 2006 required information
Registered office:
Unit 30, Acton Park Industrial Estate
London
W3 7QE
Company registration number:
265 9543
Place of registration:
England & Wales
VAT number:
GB 538 8881 84
Privacy and Cookie Policy
This statement covers the services provided by the Cryogenic web site: www.cryogenic.co.uk.
The purpose of this statement is to inform users of the Cryogenic web site about the information that is collected from them when they visit this site, how this information is used, if it is disclosed and the ways in which we protect users' privacy.
What information do we collect?
Some areas of the site may require you to actively submit information in order for you to benefit from specific services or features. You will be informed at each information collection point what information is required and what information is optional. Some of this information may be personal (information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your full name, address, email address, phone number etc.) We only collect such information when you choose to supply it to us.
Information is also gathered without you actively providing it, through the use of cookies. This method does not collect or store personal information. Information from visitors to the Cryogenic web site can be collected in the following areas:
comments, questions and feedback
site usage information, using cookies
Comments, questions and feedback
If you send an enquiry by e-mail to either a specific contact or a general enquiry, we will only use your personal details obtained from your enquiry to respond to your query. If you submit a general enquiry we will retain your contact details for the sole purpose of helping us to improve the quality of our services.
Site usage information
Cookie policy
When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally.
These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through, for example:
enabling a service to recognise your device so you don't have to give the same information several times during one task
measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use
Cookies for improving service
We set cookies to help us accurately estimate the number of visitors to the website and volumes of usage, e.g. website statistics. This to ensure that the service is available when you want it, how you want it and fast.
What happens when I link to another site?
The Cryogenic webiste contains links to other web sites. This privacy policy applies only to our site, so you should always be aware when you are moving to another site and read the privacy statement of any other site(s), which collect personal information about you. We do not pass on any personal information you have given us to any other site.
Your Rights
Under the Data Protection Act 1998, it is your right to ask for details of any personal information we hold about you. If you would like a copy of that information, please write to Data Protection, Cryogenic Limited, Unit 30, Acton Park Industrial Estate
London, W3 7QE. We reserve the right to charge a small fee. You may not request any information about anyone else, including business colleagues.
Changes to this privacy policy
If this privacy policy changes in any way, we will place an updated version on this page. Regular updating of this page ensures you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we will share it with other parties.
Bookmark & Share
Main menuHome
Innovations
Product Range
Support & Downloads
News & Events
Company
Contact
©2020
Cryogenic Limited. All Rights Reserved.   Design: GBD
Secondary menuHome
Contacts
Legal Information
Sitemap