http://www.iciam.org/privacy
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy
The International Council for Industrial and Applied Mathematics ("ICIAM") operates several websites including iciam.org. It is ICIAM's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, ICIAM collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. ICIAM's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how ICIAM's visitors use its website. From time to time, ICIAM may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
ICIAM also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments. ICIAM only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left. We also log IP addresses from all site visitors to block malicious 'Denial of Service' attacks.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
ICIAM discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on ICIAM's behalf or to provide services available at ICIAM's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using ICIAM's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. ICIAM will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, ICIAM discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when ICIAM believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of ICIAM, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an ICIAM website and have supplied your email address, ICIAM may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with ICIAM and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. ICIAM takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. ICIAM uses cookies to help ICIAM identify and track visitors, their usage of ICIAM website, and their website access preferences. ICIAM visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using ICIAM's websites, with the drawback that certain features of ICIAM's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If ICIAM, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that ICIAM goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of ICIAM may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, ICIAM may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in ICIAM's sole discretion. ICIAM encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
This Privacy Policy document is an adapation of the Privacy Policy on Automattic.com, available under a Creative Commons Sharealike license.
Sitemap
Glossary
Privacy
Terms of Service
Contact
© ICIAM 2020