https://www.italiangrammar.com/privacy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the privacy notice of French and Italian Grammar and Vocabulary Exercises and Activities. In
this document, "we", "our", or "us" refer to French
and Italian Grammar and Vocabulary Exercises and Activities.IntroductionThis privacy notice aims to inform you about how we collect and process any
information that we collect from you, or that you provide to us. It covers
information that could identify you (“personal information”) and information
that could not. In the context of the law and this notice, “process” means
collect, store, transfer, use or otherwise act on information. It tells you
about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.We are committed to protecting your privacy and the confidentiality of
your personal information. Our policy is not just an exercise in complying with
the law, but a continuation of our respect for you and your personal information.We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of all information you
provide to us, and hope that you reciprocate.Our policy complies with UK law accordingly implemented, including that
required by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).The law requires us to tell you about your rights and our obligations to
you in regards to the processing and control of your personal data. We do this
now, by requesting that you read the information provided at http://www.knowyourprivacyrights.org.Except as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose to a
third party, any information collected through our website.1. Data we processWe may collect, use, store and
transfer different kinds of personal data about you. We have collated these
into groups as follows:(a) Your identity includes information
such as first name, last name, title, date of birth, and other identifiers that
you may have provided at some time.(b) Your contact information includes
information such as billing address, delivery address, email address, telephone
numbers and any other information you have given to us for the purpose of
communication or meeting.(c) Technical data includes you internet
protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and
location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and
other technology on the devices you use to access this website.(d) Your profile includes information such
as your username and password, purchases or orders made by you.(e) Marketing data includes your preferences
in receiving marketing from us; communication preferences; responses and
actions in relation to your use of our services.We may aggregate anonymous data such as statistical or demographic data
for any purpose. Anonymous data is data that does not identify you as an
individual. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not
considered personal information in law because it does not reveal your
identity.For example, we may aggregate profile data to assess interest in a
product or service.However,
if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal information so that
it can identify you in any way, we treat the combined data as personal information
and it will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.2. If you do not provide personal information we needWhere we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a
contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we
may not be able to perform that contract. In that case, we may have to stop
providing a service to you. If so, we will notify you of this at the time.3. Information we process because we have a contractual obligation with youWhen you create an account on our website, buy a product or service from
us, or otherwise agree to our terms and conditions, a contract is formed
between you and us.In order to carry out our obligations under that contract we must
process the information you give us. Some of this information may be personal information.We may use it in order to(a) sell products to you;(b) provide you with our services;(c) provide you with suggestions and advice on products, services and how to
obtain the most from using our website.We process this information on the basis there is a contract between us,
or that you have requested we use the information before we enter into a legal
contract.We shall continue to process this information until the contract between
us ends or is terminated by either party under the terms of the contract.4.  Information we process with your consentThrough certain actions when otherwise there is no contractual
relationship between us, such as when you browse our website or ask us to
provide you more information about our business and products and services, you
provide your consent to us to process information that may be personal
information.Wherever possible, we aim to obtain your explicit consent to process
this information, for example, by asking you to agree to our use of cookies.We continue to process your information on this basis until you withdraw
your consent or it can be reasonably assumed that your consent no longer
exists.You may withdraw your consent at any time by instructing us at info@italiangrammar.com
or info@frenchgrammar.co.uk. However, if you do so, you may not be able to use
our website or our services further.5.   Information we process for the purposes of legitimate interestsWe may process information on the basis there is a legitimate interest,
either to you or to us, of doing so.Where we process your information on this basis, we do after having
given careful consideration to:(a) whether the same objective could be achieved through other means;(b) whether processing (or not processing) might cause you harm;(c) whether you would expect us to process your data, and whether you would,
in the round, consider it reasonable to do so.For example, we may process your data on this basis for the purposes of:(a) record-keeping for the proper and necessary administration of our business;(b) responding to unsolicited communication from you to which we believe you
would expect a response;(c) protecting and asserting the legal rights of any party;(d) insuring against or obtaining professional advice that is required to
manage business risk;(e) protecting your interests where we believe we have a duty to do so.6. Information we process because we have a legal obligationSometimes, we must process your information in order to comply with a
statutory obligation.For example, we may be required to give information to legal authorities
if they so request or if they have the proper authorisation such as a search
warrant or court order.This may include your personal information.7.  Information relating to your method of paymentPayment information is never taken by
us or transferred to us either through our website or otherwise.At the point of payment, you are
transferred to a secure page on the website of PayPal. That page may be branded
to look like a page on our website, but it is not controlled by us.8. Communicating with usWhen you contact us, either by telephone, through our website or by
e-mail, we collect the data you have given to us in order to reply with the
information you need.We record your request and our reply in order to increase the efficiency
of our business.We
keep personally identifiable information associated with your message, such as
your name and email address so as to be able to track our communications with
you to provide a high quality service.9. ComplainingWhen we receive a complaint, we record all the information you have
given to us.We use that information to resolve your complaint.If
your complaint reasonably requires us to contact some other person, we may decide
to give to that other person some of the information contained in your
complaint. We do this as infrequently as possible, but it is a matter for our
sole discretion as to whether or not we do give information, and if we do, what
that information is.We may also compile statistics showing information obtained from this
source to assess the level of service we provide, but not in a way that could
identify you or any other person.10.  CookiesCookies are small text files that are placed on your computer's hard
drive by your web browser when you visit any website. They allow information
gathered on one web page to be stored until it is needed for use on another,
allowing a website to provide you with a personalised experience and the
website owner with statistics about how you use the website so that it can be
improved.Some cookies may last for a defined period of time, such as one day or
until you close your browser. Others last indefinitely.Your web browser should allow you to delete any you choose. It also
should allow you to prevent or limit their use.Our website uses cookies. They are placed by software that operates on
our servers, and by software operated by third parties whose services we use.When
you first visit our website, we ask you if you wish us to use cookies. If you
choose not to accept them, we shall not use them for your visit except to
record that you have not consented to their use for any other purpose.If
you choose not to use cookies or you prevent their use through your browser
settings, you will not be able to use all the functionality of our website.We use cookies in the following ways:(a) to track how you use our website;(b) to record if you have seen specific messages we display on our website;(c) to keep you signed in our site.11. Personal identifiers from your browsing activityRequests by your web browser to our servers for web pages and other
content on our website are recorded.We record information such as your geographical location, your Internet
service provider and your IP address. We also record information about the
software you are using to browse our website, such as the type of computer or
device and the screen resolution.We use this information in aggregate to assess the popularity of the web
pages on our website and how we perform in providing content to you.If combined with other information we know about you from previous
visits, the data possibly could be used to identify you personally, even if you
are not signed in to our website.  12. Information we obtain from third partiesNo
such information is personally identifiable to you.13. Access to your personal informationAt any time you may review or update
personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by signing in to
your account on our website.To obtain a copy of any information
that is not provided on our website you should contact us to make that request.After receiving the request, we will
tell you when we expect to provide you with the information.14. Removal of your informationIf you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our
website, you should contact us to make your request.This may limit the service we can provide to you.15. Verification of your informationWhen we receive any request to access, edit or delete personal
identifiable information we shall first take reasonable steps to verify your
identity before granting you access or otherwise taking any action. This is
important to safeguard your information.16. Encryption of data sent between usWe
use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificates to verify our identity to your
browser and to encrypt any data you give us.Whenever
information is transferred between us, you can check that it is done so using
SSL by looking for a closed padlock symbol or other trust mark in your
browser’s URL bar or toolbar.17. How you can complainIf you are not happy with our privacy
policy or if you have any complaint then you should tell us.You can email us at info@italiangrammar.com
or info@frenchgrammar.co.uk.If
a dispute is not settled then we
hope you will agree to attempt to resolve it by engaging in good faith with us
in a process of mediation or arbitration.If you are in any way dissatisfied
about how we process your personal information, you have a right to lodge a
complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO). This can be done at
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/. We would, however, appreciate the
opportunity to talk to you about your concern before you approach the ICO.18. Retention period for personal dataExcept as otherwise mentioned in this privacy notice, we keep your
personal information only for as long as required by us:(a) to provide you with the services you have requested;(b) to comply with other law, including for the period demanded by our tax
authorities.19. Compliance with the lawOur privacy policy has been compiled so as to comply with the law of
every country or legal jurisdiction in which we aim to do business. If you
think it fails to satisfy the law of your jurisdiction, we should like to hear
from you.However, ultimately it is your choice as to whether or not you wish to
use our website.20. Review of this privacy policyWe may update this privacy notice from time to time as necessary. The
terms that apply to you are those posted here on our website on the day you use
our website. We advise you to print a copy for your records.
If you have any question regarding our privacy
policy, please contact us.