http://www.inceusa.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
This privacy policy explains how INCE-USA uses and protects any personal information that you provide when you use this website. When you provide certain information by which you can be identified, it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
INCE-USA may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. By using this website and any subsidiary websites controlled by INCE-USA, you agree to the policy.
This policy applies only to the information that we collect on our website and not to any information that we collect through other methods or sources.
This policy is effective from January 1, 2017
What information we collect
Collection of Personal Information
When you request or renew membership, register for a conference, or purchase materials online, we ask that you provide information that personally identifies you (Personal Information), and allows us to process your transaction or to contact you. This information may include your name, work and home mailing address, company for which you work, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, credit card information if submitted for payment purposes, and other information to assist us in keeping you informed as to activities of the Institute and your rights and privileges as a member.
Credit Card Information
Credit card information obtained for purposes of membership processing, conference registration, or purchase of materials from INCE-USA is not stored with your personal information. Credit card data are stored separately and securely through the independent credit transaction vendor.
Website Tracking Information
We collect web tracking information used in site analytics from all visitors to this website, whether you are a member or not. (See “How we use cookies”, below.)
What we do with the information
Subject to the limitations described below, INCE-USA may use and share information with others: (i) to benefit our members and site visitors, and (ii) to transact INCE-USA's business and activities.
We use information gathered from you for internal record-keeping, and to improve our website. We share information from conference registrations with exhibitors to those conferences, and in the case of Internoise, with International-INCE.
INCE-USA enters arrangements with, and utilizes the services of, members, volunteers and third parties (collectively "Agents") to assist in our business and activities. These Agents may obtain member and non-member information without notice to the individuals whose information is being shared. Access to information is limited only to those individuals and entities that need the information for the business and activities of INCE-USA, as determined by INCE-USA and/or its Agents, in their sole discretion.
INCE-USA is not responsible for the use of information by its Agents.
In addition, without notice to the individuals whose information is being shared, INCE-USA may disclose member and non-member information to others, if we believe it is required by law, regulation, legal process, order or other standard applicable to INCE-USA.
A Directory of Members is available to the general public through this website, including members’ names, localities, class of membership, and Board Certification status. Members of INCE-USA have access to a complete Directory including contact information for all other members.
INCE-USA does not sell any information whatsoever about our members or site visitors.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Sections of the site are reserved for members of INCE-USA only and are protected from access by other individuals.
Personal member information is not stored on the web server. All such information is stored only on protected internal servers at the host site.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, INCE-USA cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to or from us.
Such information is transmitted at your own risk.
How we use cookies
We use traffic log cookies to identify which website linked to this one, and which pages are being viewed. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
A cookie does not give us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You may choose to decline cookies by modifying your browser settings. Doing so may prevent you from taking full advantage of this website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. INCE-USA is not responsible for the privacy practices of any other websites.
Contact information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, or you believe that any information we are holding is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us via the INCE Business Office (see below). We will make any appropriate correction promptly.
Sustaining Members