http://www.symscape.com/privacy
Symscape
Computational Fluid Dynamics Software for All
Home Privacy Policy
Symscape has created this policy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following sections disclose the information gathering and dissemination practices for Symscape’s website and products.
Website
IP addresses of visitors to our website may be used to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. IP addresses may also be used to compile general demographic information. We will not attempt to identify individual users through their IP addresses.
Cookies
Cookies are used by nearly all major websites to store session information that enables easy access to shopping carts, recent searches, etc.
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer in a file.
Each website can send its own cookie to your browser, but only the site that sent a particular cookie can read it.
You can set your browser to accept all cookies, to not store any cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is set.
(See your browser's Help menu for information about setting your cookie preferences.)
If your browser is set to reject all cookies, you will be able to browse symscape.com anonymously, but you will not be able to take full advantage of all the symscape.com features.
To become a registered Symscape member, you will need to set your browser to accept our cookie.
Symscape uses cookies to
Access your information when you log into symscape.com so we can display your account details
Save any preferences you specify when using symscape.com
Require you to periodically log back into symscape.com to prevent access to your symscape.com account by others
Order/Registration Forms
Our site and our programs use order forms for customers to register or request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (such as your email address), but NOT financial information (such as account or credit card numbers).
Any credit card processing is managed by certified third parties.
Symscape does not sell or use your private information for any purpose other than to:
Email your order or free trial license keys
Contact you if there is a problem with your order or free trial
Keep you informed of Symscape products
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Symscape is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
ProductsProfessional
RANS Flow
Panel Flow
Builder
Transient
Exchange
Viz Export
Caedium
Comparison
Testimonials
Examples
Tutorials
News
Blog
About
More »Articles
Gallery
FAQ
Forums
Downloads
Newsletters
Partners
Polls
Links
Search this site:
Select Language
Free 30-Day Trials
Feedback
Questions? Ideas? Problems?
Newsletter
Subscribe Now
May 2019: New Caedium Release and Tutorials
July 2017: Digital Paleontology with CFD
June 2017: Runners, Insects, and a Wind Turbine
more
Browser Version
Show mobile version
Copyright © 2006-2020 Symscape, All rights reserved | Contact | Trademarks | Privacy