https://www.eurovac.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This Website (eurovac.com) is owned and controlled by Eurovac, a privately owned company with headquarters in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Contact Us
Our goal is to respect your privacy. To help us improve our privacy policy, please send us your feedback. We welcome your comments and questions. You may contact us by email at: webmaster@eurovac.com or by telephone at 905-738-9255.
Personal Information
Eurovac does not collect any personal information (such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, or credit card number information) on its web site. You are free to browse our entire web site: at no point will we request that you identify yourself or provide personal information to us.
At several points on our site, you are provided the opportunity to contact us via e-mail, fax, or telephone. We do not request that you provide any specific personal information to us in any of these communications, and all communications are strictly voluntary.
However, should you choose to contact us and in doing so, communicate personal information, any information you provide will be held in the strictest of confidence (including the company you represent, e-mail address, return telephone number and/or any other contact information you provide). Eurovac stores and uses this information for business purposes only, usually to enable us to contact you as a potential or current client, partner or supplier. This information will not be disclosed to any party outside of Eurovac, nor will it be used for any other purposes without your consent, unless required by law.
Log Files
Like most standard websites, our servers create log files when visitors access our site. Information recorded includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and pages visited on our site. These logs are used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. This information is used internally to analyse how our web site is used and to diagnose system problems. It is not disclosed to any parties outside of Eurovac, nor will it be used for any other purposes.
Cookies
Our web site does not use cookies.
Enter your info and we'll be happy to meet your needs
Full Name*
Email Address*
Company *
Area of Interest*Auto Body RepairsAuto Body Repair ShopsIndustrial Plants – Hand ToolsIndustrial Plants – Stationary EquipmentTransit Vehicle CleaningIndustrial Plants CleaningPharmaceutical CleaningSource Capture Welding- High VacuumSource Capture Arms- High VolumeExhaust ExtractionParts and Accessories Catalogs
Yes From time to time Eurovac sends information about new products and promotions. Join our mailing list to stay informed.
Enter your info and we'll be happy to meet your needs
Phone Number
Address
City
Province/State
Country
Comments