http://www.cobexrecorders.com/pages/shipping-policy
Skip to content
Search
Home
Recorders
Popular Models
Customizable Recorders
CX 9000 Series
Single Pen Recorders with Ink Chart
Single Pen Recorders with Pressure Sensitive Stylus (Inkless) Chart
Two Pen Recorders with Ink Chart
Temperature / Humidity Recorders with Ink Chart
Design Your Own Recorder
Take a Photo of Your Recorder & We'll Find It
Recorder Input Options
Charts
Scan Your Chart & We'll Find It
4 Inch Ink Charts
4 Inch Pressure Sensitive (Inkless) Charts
6 Inch Ink Charts
6 Inch Pressure Sensitive (Inkless) Charts
7 Inch Ink Charts
8 Inch Ink Charts
10 Inch Ink Charts
10 Inch Ink Setup Chart
Parts & Accessories
Fiber Tip Pens
Membrane Switch
Pen Arm Screw
Pen Arms
Probes
Recorder Chart Knob & Chain
Recorder Input Options
Resources
Instruction Manuals
FAQs
Design Your Recorder & We'll Build It
Take a Photo of Your Recorder & We'll Find It
Scan Your Chart & We'll Find It
Recorder Input Options
Contact Us
Account
Shipping Policy
Welcome to CoBex Recorders, Inc., ("us," "we," "our," "CoBex Recorders," "CoBex," or "Manufacturer"), a Web site focused on the sale of laboratory, healthcare, and safety products ("Products") to businesses and other entities via the Internet.
In order to help make our site ("Web site") a trustworthy and safe place to buy goods, all users ("you", "your" or "Subscriber") of our service are required to accept and comply with our Terms of Use Agreement, which includes acceptance of, and compliance with, all of the terms and conditions provided herein, as amended from time to time.
General
This Web site provides an Internet-based venue for the sale and purchase of Products manufactured by CoBex and our suppliers (our "Suppliers"). This Web Site Use Agreement explains the contractual agreement between you and us regarding your use of our Web site, as well as the terms and conditions applicable to your purchase of Products on our Web site (collectively, the "Terms of Use").
Your use of the Web site signifies your legal and binding agreement to all the terms and conditions set forth in our Web Site Use Agreement, in any privacy policy, as well as any other agreement related to your use of this Web site including, but not limited to, any terms and conditions of purchase.
Terms of our Shipping Policy are outlined below and apply to www.cobexrecorders.com. Our Web site also includes separate sections outlining our Terms of Service, Refund Policy and our Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions regarding CoBex Recorders, Inc.’s Shipping Policy, please contact us at 1-954-425-0003.
Product Delivery
Buyer hereby acknowledges and agrees that all Products ordered on the Web site shall be shipped by CoBex or drop shipped by the applicable manufacturer or other supplier using our authorized carrier or a carrier authorized by the applicable manufacturer or supplier (the "Designated Shipper") and delivered to Buyer’s designated delivery location, FOB Destination. We cannot ship to post office boxes.
Delivery Subject to Product Availability
Although we have attempted to ensure that the inventory availability of Products is properly designated on the Web site for many Products, Buyer acknowledges that from time-to-time even those Products designated as in inventory will not be available at time of shipment. If a Stock Item cannot be shipped in its entirety within two business days following placement of the Order, we will promptly notify Buyer and provide an estimated shipment date for those items which are unavailable.
CoBex shall not be liable for delays in delivery or failure to manufacture due to causes beyond its reasonable control, such as acts of God, acts or omissions of the Buyer, acts or omissions of civil or military authority, priorities, fires, strikes, floods, epidemics, quarantine restrictions, riot, war, delays in transportation, and inability due to causes beyond its reasonable control to obtain necessary labor materials, or manufacturing facilities. Seller shall have the right to cancel, refuse, or delay shipment of any order for failure of Buyer to promptly meet payments due to Seller.
Tracking Information
Upon fulfillment of an Order by CoBex for Products on the Web site, we will generate a tracking number and notify the Buyer of the logistical information associated with delivery of the Product(s).
Product Acceptance
Immediately upon receipt of Products shipped hereunder, Buyer shall inspect the Products and notify CoBex in writing of any claims for order or shipping errors, shortages, defects or damages and shall hold any such goods for our written instructions concerning disposition. If Buyer fails to notify CoBex within five (5) business days after receipt of Products, the Products shall conclusively be deemed to conform to the terms provided herein and shall be irrevocably accepted by Subscriber.
CoBex can be contacted by mail at: CoBex Recorders6601 Lyons Road, Ste F-8 Coconut Creek, FL 33073Attention: Customer Service
or by e-mail at: CustomerService@cobexrecorders.com