https://www.gtptech.com/legal-notice/
Custom protein & antibody productionCell line developmentProcess developmentManufacturing
Contact us
About GTPNewsKnowledge Center
Legal notice
Legal notice
Home
Legal informations
Website Terms of Use
Welcome to the website of GTP Technology. The use of this website is subject to specific terms and conditions of use. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which govern our relationship with you when it comes to using this Website. By using the Website, you also consent to the data practices described in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the data practices described in our Privacy Policy or the conditions established in our Terms of Use, you should not use the Website.
1. Legal Information and Contact Data
The term ' GTP Technology ' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of this website, The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website, in other words: to you. You’ll find all legal contact information regarding the owner below:
Contact information
GTP Technology
Bâtiment Gould
52 l'Occitane
31670 Labège
France
Tel.: +33 (0)5 61 28 70 20
Fax: +33 (0)5 61 28 70 21
Legal information
Share capital: 142.397,10 €
Trade and Company Registration Number :  (RCS): 433 139 557
Intracommunity VAT number: FR87 433 139 557
Personal Data Controller: GTP Technology
Publication Director: Séverine Hountondji – Head of Business Development
The Website is hosted by WS Interactive 15, quai Lucien Lombard 31000 Toulouse - France Tel.: + 33 (0)5 62 30 80 70 - www.ws-interactive.fr
2. Terms and Conditions of Use
2.1 Accuracy, Completeness and Timeliness of Information on This Site
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. GTP Technology cannot be held responsible if information on this Website is not accurate, complete or up to date. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
2.2 Use of Materials on the Site
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements. All content on this site (including, without limitation, text, design, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio clips, downloads, interfaces, code and software, as well as the selection and arrangement thereof), is the exclusive property of and owned by GTP Technology, its licensors or its content providers and is protected by copyright, trademark and other applicable laws. You may access, copy, download and print the material contained on the site for your personal and non-commercial use, provided you do not modify or delete any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notice that appears on the material you copy, download or print.
Any other use of content on the site, including but not limited to the modification, distribution, transmission, performance, broadcast, publication, uploading, licensing, reverse engineering for purposes competitive to GTP Technology, is expressly prohibited.
You agree to abide by all additional restrictions displayed on the site as it may be updated from time to time. GTP Technology reserves the right to refuse or cancel any person’s registration for this site, remove any person from this site or prohibit any person from using this site for any reason whatsoever. GTP Technology, or its licensors or content providers, retain full and complete title to the material provided on the site, including all associated intellectual property rights, and provide this material to you under a license that is revocable at any time in GTP Technology’s sole discretion. GTP Technology neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials on this site will not infringe rights of third parties not affiliated with GTP Technology.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence. You may not use contact information provided on the site for unauthorized purposes, including marketing. You may not use any hardware or software intended to damage or interfere with the proper working of the site or to surreptitiously intercept any system, data or personal information from the site. You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of the site in any way. GTP Technology reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to limit or terminate your access to or use of the site at any time without notice. Termination of your access or use will not waive or affect any other right or relief to which GTP Technology may be entitled by law or in equity.
2.3 Conduct on the Website
You or third parties acting on your behalf are not allowed to frame this site or use our proprietary brands as meta tags, without our written consent. These brands include, but are not limited to, GTP Technology or GTP. You may not use frames or utilize framing techniques or technology to enclose any content included on the site without GTP Technology’s express written consent. Further, you may not utilize any site content in any meta tags or any other “hidden text” techniques or technologies without GTP Technology’s express written consent.
2.4 Links to other websites
From time to time, this website may contain links to other Web sites, some of which are operated by GTP Technology or its affiliates and others of which are operated by third parties. These links are provided as a convenience to you and as an additional avenue of access to the information contained therein. We have not necessarily reviewed all the information on those other sites and are not responsible for the content of those or any other sites or any products or services that may be offered through those or any other sites. Inclusion of links to other sites should not be viewed as an endorsement of the content of linked sites. Different terms and conditions may apply to your use of any linked sites. GTP Technology is not responsible for any losses, damages or other liabilities incurred as a result of your use of any linked sites.
2.5 Trademarks and Copyrights
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website. Trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on this site are registered and unregistered trademarks of GTP Technology, its licensors or content providers, or other third parties. All of these trademarks, logos and service marks are the property of their respective owners. Nothing on this site shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark, logo or service mark displayed on the site without the owner’s prior written permission, except as otherwise described herein. GTP Technology reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the site and its content. This site and all of its content, including but not limited to text, design, graphics, interfaces and code, and the selection and arrangement thereof, is protected as a compilation under the copyright laws of France and other countries.
2.6 Infringement Notice
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and request that you do the same. You are hereby informed that GTP Technology has adopted and reasonably implemented a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of subscribers and account holders of GTP Technology’s system or network who are repeat copyright infringers. If you believe your copyright or the copyright of a person on whose behalf you are authorized to act has been infringed, you may notify us at the following email address: contact@gtptech.com. To be effective, your notification must be in writing and include substantially the following:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material; Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
GTP Technology is under no obligation to post, forward, transmit, distribute or otherwise provide any material available on this site, including material you provide to us, and so we have an absolute right to remove any material from the site in our sole discretion at any time.
2.7 Limitation of liability
You acknowledge and agree that you assume full responsibility for your use of the site. You acknowledge and agree that any information you send or receive during your use of the site may not be secure and may be intercepted by unauthorized parties. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the site is at your own risk and that the site is made available to you at no charge. Recognizing such, you acknowledge and agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, neither GTP Technology nor its affiliates, suppliers or third party content providers will be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, exemplary, incidental, special, consequential or other damages arising out of or in any way related to the site, or any other site you access through a link from this site or from any actions we take or fail to take as a result of communications you send to us, or the delay or inability to use the site, or for any information, products or services advertised in or obtained through the site, as removal or deletion of any materials submitted or posted on its site, or otherwise arising out of the use of the site, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, even if GTP Technology, its affiliates or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages.
This disclaimer applies, without limitation, to any damages or injury arising from any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defects, delay in operation or transmission, computer viruses, file corruption, communication-line failure, network or system outage, your loss of profits, or theft, destruction, unauthorized access to, alteration of, loss or use of any record or data, and any other tangible or intangible loss. You specifically acknowledge and agree that neither GTP Technology nor its suppliers shall be liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user of the site. Your sole and exclusive remedy for any of the above claims or any dispute with GTP Technology is to discontinue your use of the website. You and GTP Technology agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the site must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues or the cause of action is permanently barred.
2.8 Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless GTP Technology and its affiliates and their officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, service providers, subcontractors and suppliers from and against any and all losses, liabilities, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, arising or resulting from your use of the site and any violation of these Terms of Use. If you cause a technical disruption of the site or the systems transmitting the site to you or others, you agree to be responsible for any and all losses, liabilities, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, arising or resulting from that disruption. GTP Technology reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and, in such case, you agree to cooperate with GTP Technology in the defense of such matter.
2.9 Jurisdiction and Applicable Law
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of France. The laws of France govern these Terms of Use and your use of the site, and you irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the courts located in France for any action arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use. We recognize that it is possible for you to obtain access to this site from any jurisdiction in the world, but we have no practical ability to prevent such access. This site has been designed to comply with the laws of France. If any material on this site, or your use of the site, is contrary to the laws of the place where you are when you access it, the site is not intended for you, and we ask you not to use the site. You are responsible for informing yourself of the laws of your jurisdiction and complying with them.
2.10 Changes to These Terms of Use
GTP Technology reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of these Terms of Use, in whole or in part, at any time, by posting revised terms on the site. It is your responsibility to check periodically for any changes we make to the Terms of Use. Your continued use of the site after any changes to the Terms of Use or other policies means you accept the changes. In the event we make material changes to the Terms of Use, notice of the changes will be posted on the homepage of this Web site and the revised terms will take effect thirty days after their publication on the site.
2.11 Entire Agreement and Admissibility
This agreement and any policies or operating rules posted on this site constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and GTP Technology with respect to the subject matter thereof and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between the parties with respect to such subject matter. A printed version of these Terms of Use shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based on or relating to use of the site to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
2.12 Severability
If any provision of this agreement is unlawful, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the agreement will remain in place.
3. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Website, Terms & Conditions of Use, our Privacy Policy or any other unresolved concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please don’t hesitate to contact us: GTP TECHNOLOGY, SAS  - Bâtiment Gould, 52 l'Occitane, 31670 Labege, France, tel.:+33 (0)5 61 28 70 20, email: contact@gtptech.com