http://www.jax.org/privacy-policy
Research & Faculty
Overview
Locations
JAX Mammalian Genetics
JAX Genomic Medicine
A-Z Faculty Listing
A-Z Research Labs
Data Science at JAX
Tools and Resources
Research Centers
Careers
Education & Learning
Education & Learning Home
Education Calendar
Online Learning
Courses
In Person
Online MiniCourses
Virtual
Bioinformatics Training Program
Clinicians
Clinical Topics
Course Offerings
Cancer Genetic Clinical Education
Precision Medicine for Your Practice
Postbacc, Ph.D., and Postdoctoral Programs
Cooperative Ph.D. Training
Postdoctoral Associates
Postbacc at JAX
Students & Teachers
Maine State Science Fair
Summer Student Program
Academic Year Fellowships
Teacher Professional Development
Genetics Learning Resources
College Scholarship
Jax Mice & Services
Find & Order Mice
Why JAX Mice
Search JAX Mice
Order JAX Mice
NSG™ Variants Portfolio
Humanized Mice
Popular Strains
Biospecimens
Surgical & Preconditioning Services
Solutions by Therapeutic Area
Cardiovascular
Metabolic Diseases
Oncology
Rare Diseases
Neurobiology
Autoimmune
Model Generation
Breeding & Rederivation
Breeding Services
Rederivation
Speed Expansion
Speed Congenics
Strain Rescue
Genome Scanning
In Vivo Pharmacology
Explore Immunology Solutions
Explore Neurobiology Solutions
Explore Oncology Solutions
Oncology
PDX Models
Humanized Mice
Neurobiology
Immunology
Antibody Evaluation
Cryo & Strain Donation
Cryopreservation
Strain Donation
Cryorecovery
Clinical Services
Customer Support
Research Continuity
Customer Service
Technical Help
Animal Health
Request Literature
Become a Customer
Availability, Pricing and Shipping
Mouse Identification Services
Events
Breakthrough Lab
Online Resources
Personalized Medicine
What is Personalized Medicine?
Genetics vs. genomics
Ethical considerations
Personalized medicine and you
What is CRISPR?
Mice in Biomedical Research
Areas of Research
Addiction
Aging
Alzheimer's & Other Dementias
Cancer
Diabetes
Microbiome
Rare diseases
Vision
Clinical Knowledgebase
Maine Cancer Genomics Initiative
News
JAX News
JAX Blog
Minute to Understanding
Subscribe
Press Room
The Search Magazine
Explore by Topic
About Us
Facts
Locations
Impact
History
Leadership
Careers
Contact Us
Legal
Give
JAX Home
Privacy policy
NOTICE: We have made some changes to our Privacy Policy.
We have provided you with information about how we may use the information we collect about you.
We have also provided information about your rights.
These changes were effective October 9, 2020.
The Jackson Laboratory (“we,” “our,” “us”) is strongly committed to
protecting your privacy and providing a safe online experience for all our
users. This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) outlines the basis on
which any personal data we collect, or that you provide to us, will be
processed by us.
By providing us with your data, or using our Website, you agree to us
collecting and using personal information about you in accordance with this
Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy,
please do not use our Website or provide us with your personal data.
You have choices about the data we collect. When asked to provide certain
personal information you may decline, but where such information is
necessary to provide a service or feature, your use of that service or
feature may be restricted as a result.
Information collection
We collect two types of information during Web visits:
1. Information that you submit to us; and
2. Information automatically recorded by our computer server using
technology like cookies.
Information you submit
You may give us information about yourself by filling in forms or by
corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes
information you provide when you register for a course, seminar or
conference, complete a survey or customer service request, subscribe to any
content or research tools such as software or databases, and when you
become a new customer. The information you give us may include your name,
address, e-mail address, date of birth, nationality, phone number, and
preferences. The information you submit is maintained on a confidential
basis and used to provide a high level of personalization, value and
customer support to the users of The Jackson Laboratory Website, as well as
our services and research tools.
Information collected automatically
Aggregate information
Our computer server(s) operating the Website automatically collect
statistical information on site traffic and usage patterns (e.g., how many
people visit the site, frequently visited pages, browsers used, etc.). Data
about visits is analyzed in aggregate with many other visits to give us
information about the effectiveness of the Website. An example of use of
this aggregate information would be analyzing this information to identify
specific Web pages to improve, which would enhance the overall
functionality of the Website.
Standard information collected about individual Website visits
Information about individual Website visits is critically important to
providing a high level of individualized service to you. Information
collected from Website visits is used to help ensure that your experience
with our Website is productive, time efficient, helpful and personalized.
The standard information that is automatically collected and stored about
your visit to our Website includes:
The IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet;
Computer information such as browser type, version, and time zone
setting, operating system, and platform;
The navigation path used through our web site; and
We may use software tools such as JavaScript to collect information
such as page response times and visit length.
Cookies
Our Website may use cookies; a unique, alphanumeric identifier sent to your
computer's hard drive through your Web browser, to remember information
your computer has sent to us (e.g., mailing addresses, course preferences,
etc.) upon revisits to our Website. An example of cookie usage on the
Website might be to pre-populate certain information fields on some forms
for your convenience.
If you do not want your browser to accept cookies, you can turn off the
cookie-acceptance option in your browser settings. The "help" portion of
the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from
accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive
a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Use and sharing of personal information
We may use your information in a number of ways, including to provide the
Website content and other services available through our Website, to
personalize and improve the services we offer, to carry out our
obligations, to communicate with you about our services, research tools and
educational tools, and in other ways that you may agree.
More specifically, you agree that we may use (and, where specified, share)
your personal information for the following purposes:
To engage in transactions. The Jackson Laboratory may use personal
information such as name, physical address, telephone number, email
address and company to engage in transactions with you, including
contacting you about your order.
To process transactions. The Jackson Laboratory may use
financial/credit card and payment information to process your order.
The Jackson Laboratory may need to share some of this information with
delivery services, credit card clearing houses and other similarly
situated third parties to complete the transaction.
To provide support or other services. The Jackson Laboratory may use
your personal information to provide you support or other services you
have ordered, as well as updates and other similar communications.
To tailor information to your needs and respond to your requests. The
Jackson Laboratory also may use your personal information to respond
directly to your requests for information, including registrations for
newsletters or other specific requests.
To provide online forums. Some services available on the websites
permit you to participate in interactive discussions or post comments
or opportunities to a bulletin board or exchange. Some of these
services are moderated; all may be accessed for technical reasons. The
Jackson Laboratory does not control the content that users post to
these forums. You should carefully consider whether you wish to submit
personal information to these forums and should tailor any content you
submit appropriately and in accordance with the relevant terms of use.
To administer product downloads. The Jackson Laboratory may contact you
if you download products so that it may confirm certain information
about your order (for example, that you did not experience problems in
the download process) or to discuss the downloaded products or to
provide information about related products and services. The Jackson
Laboratory also may use this information to confirm compliance with
licensing and other terms of use.
To select content, improve quality and facilitate use of the websites.
The Jackson Laboratory may use your personal information, including the
information gathered as a result of site navigation and electronic
protocols and cookies (including third-party cookies), to help create
and personalize Website content, facilitate your use of the Website
(for example, to facilitate navigation, avoid duplicate data entry,
enhance security, improve Website quality, track marketing campaign
responsiveness, and evaluate page response rates.
To communicate with you (including by regular mail, phone, email and/or
mobile messaging). The Jackson Laboratory may contact you to let you
know about new services, tools or educational offerings, or to inquire
about your desire to support The Jackson Laboratory in its mission.
This may include market research so that we can improve the research
tools and services we offer or targeting advertising and marketing
activities.
Our processing of your personal data for these purposes is necessary for
reasons including but not limited to: (i) the performance of a contract to
which you are a party, (ii) in order to take steps you requested prior to
entering into a contract, (iii) legitimate interests pursued by The Jackson
Laboratory, and/or (iv) you have given consent to the processing of your
personal data for one or more specific purposes.
We will not sell or rent information gathered during visits to the Website
to any third party. However, we may need to provide some of this
information to a third party if required by third party license agreements,
by grant obligations or by law.
Surveys
Occasionally, we post surveys on the Website. Participation in these
surveys is completely voluntary. By choosing to participate in a survey on
the Website, the survey participant gives us consent to use information in
the survey as described above and to disclose results in aggregate with
other survey responses. Some examples of uses for survey information
include, but are not limited to, monitoring use of and satisfaction with
the Website and helping guide our priorities for improving this site.
Email communications and Marketing
If you have registered for our courses or other educational offerings,
purchased or otherwise subscribed to our research tools and databases, and
have supplied an email address, you will receive emails pertaining to your
registration, purchase or subscription. We may also let you know about new
services, tools or educational offerings, or to inquire about your desire
to support The Jackson Laboratory in its mission. You can "opt-out" or
“unsubscribe” from receiving these types of emails by using the opt-out or
unsubscribe mechanism located within a received email message. Other
newsletters are permission based where users can opt-in and opt-out.
Your Rights in relation to your data
As a “data subject,” you may have rights to access, correct, delete your
information or to object to or restrict our processing of it in certain
situations. Your rights will depend on what country you reside in and
applicable law. No fee is usually required to exercise these rights, but we
may need to collect additional information from you in order to verify your
identity and determine the applicable law, if any.
In certain circumstances, you may have the right to:
Request access to your personal information. This enables you to
receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to
check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you.
This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we
hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your personal information, subject to certain
exceptions. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal
information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process
it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal
information where you have exercised your right to object to processing
(see below).
Object where we are processing your personal information for direct
marketing purposes or where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or
those of a third party) and there is something about your particular
situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground.
Generally, other than in relation to marketing, our processing of your
personal data is in order to allow us to provide you a service, so we
will be unable to provide the service to you without processing your
personal data
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information.
This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal
information about you, for example if you want us to establish its
accuracy or the reason for processing it.
In many countries, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the
appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how we
process your personal data.
When technically feasible, we will—at your request—provide your
personal data to you or transmit it directly to another person or
entity of your choosing.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm
your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to
exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security
measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person
who has no right to receive it.
Security and encryption
General security
We use reasonable precautions to protect against loss of, misuse of,
alteration of, or unauthorized access to information provided through use
of the Website.
Security related to sensitive information
When our order forms ask users to enter sensitive information, that
information is encrypted and is protected using an Entrust certificate with
hash algorithm of SHA256.
Links to other sites
The Website contains links to other websites, including other Jackson
Laboratory Websites as well as Websites maintained by third parties. The
Jackson Laboratory Privacy Policy applies to information gathered and
collected during site visits to our Website. The Jackson Laboratory is not
responsible for the privacy practices, the privacy statements or content of
Websites maintained by third parties.
Your consent to this agreement & changes to this privacy policy
By using The Jackson Laboratory Website, you consent to our collection and
use of your information as described in this policy. We may amend this
Privacy Policy from time to time; please review it periodically. We
maintain the option to modify this Privacy Policy at any time by electronic
notice posted on our website. Your continued use of our website after the
date that such notices are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to
the changed terms.
Processing in the United States
Our headquarters are in the United States. Information we collect from you
will be processed in the United States.
Retention period
We retain your personal data for as long as the data is relevant for the
purpose for which it was collected. We may retain your data for a longer
period, if such retention is required by law, or if any litigation or
investigation arises that involves your data. Personal data collected for
purposes related to contract performance with commercial partners will be
retained until such contract has been performed. Personal data collected
for purposes of our legitimate interests shall be retained as long as
needed to fulfill such purposes.
Automated decision-making
We do not use personal data for any automated decision-making process or
technique that creates or denies any right or benefit to you.
Cookies
Essential Cookies
. These cookies are essential for enabling user movement around our website
and providing access to features such as your purchases and other secure
areas of the website. These cookies do not gather information about you
that could be used for marketing purposes and do not remember where you
have been on the internet. This category of cookies cannot be disabled.
Analytics Cookies
. We use Google Analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors
use our website. These cookies collect information in the aggregate to give
us insight into how our website is being used. We anonymize IP addresses in
Google Analytics, and the anonymized data is transmitted to and stored by
Google on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this
information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such
third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not
associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Marketing Cookies
. We also use a marketing database management program that deploys a cookie
when a user interacts with a marketing communication, such as a marketing
email or a marketing-based landing page on our website. This cookie
collects personal information such as your name, which pages you visit on
our website, your history arriving at our website, your purchases from the
website, and the like. Collected information is used to evaluate the
effectiveness of our marketing campaigns or to provide better targeting for
marketing.
Contact information
If you have any questions, suggestions, or complaints regarding our privacy
policy, or wish to exercise your rights regarding your personal
information, please contact us via email at
privacy_inquiry@jax.org.
To request information about your personal data or to exercise any rights
you may have regarding your data, please complete and submit this
Privacy Inquiry Request Form.
We use cookies to personalize our website and to analyze web traffic to improve the user experience. You may decline these cookies although certain areas of the site may not function without them. Please refer to our privacy policy for more information.
Settings
Allow essential cookies
Required for basic site operations.
Allow analytics cookies
Used to analyze web traffic to improve the user experience.
Allow marketing cookies
Used to deliver personalized information and tailor communications.
Save and close