http://www.oregonzoo.org/terms-use
Skip to main content
0: Sunday
Today's hours: 5 p.m. to 10 p.m.
1: Monday
Today's hours: 5 p.m. to 10 p.m.
2: Tuesday
Today's hours: 5 p.m. to 10 p.m.
3: Wednesday
Today's hours: 5 p.m. to 10 p.m.
4: Thursday
Today's hours: 5 p.m. to 10 p.m.
5: Friday
Today's hours: 5 p.m. to 10 p.m.
6: Saturday
Today's hours: 5 p.m. to 10 p.m.
You are hereHome
Terms of use
User agreement
Oregonzoo.org is owned and operated by the Oregon Zoo. This website is offered to the user on the condition the user accepts without modification the terms, conditions and notices contained herein. By accessing and using this website, the user of oregonzoo.org agrees to the following terms:
Oregonzoo.org contains material which is derived in whole or in part from material supplied by the Oregon Zoo and other sources, and is protected by copyright and trademark laws. This site is for your personal, noncommercial use, and you may not modify, copy, sell, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish or license any material from this site, including code or software.
All comments, suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts, or information disclosed or offered to or in response to the Oregon Zoo through this website shall remain the property of the Oregon Zoo. By utilizing this website as a vehicle for communication, you grant the Oregon Zoo a royalty free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted license to use any comments for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to the author or provider of the comments.
Copyright and trademark notice
All contents of this website are copyright © Oregon Zoo, 4001 SW Canyon Road, Portland, OR, USA. All rights reserved. Photos are copyright of the Oregon Zoo or the individual photographers.
Oregon Zoo programs and products are trademarks, registered trademarks or service marks of the Oregon Zoo.
Applicable laws
As a visitor of oregonzoo.org, you shall abide by all applicable federal, state or local laws, including, but not limited to, areas such as libel, slander, indecency, trade libel, product disparagement, harassment, invasion of privacy, obscenity, indecency, and copyright and trademark infringement.
Information on this website includes intellectual property that is protected under copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws of the United States. These applicable laws generally prohibit the unauthorized reproduction, distribution or exhibition of all text, photographic and graphic (art and electronic) images, music, sound and video samples, and other protected materials. Violation of applicable Intellectual Property Laws may give rise to civil and/or criminal penalties.
Limitations of liability
Use of oregonzoo.org is at the discretion of the user. Under no circumstances shall the Oregon Zoo, its trustees, officers, employees, members, or agents be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that may result from the use of, or the inability to use, Oregon Zoo materials, including those consisting of this website. You specifically acknowledge and agree that the Oregon Zoo is not liable for any defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any user. If you are dissatisfied with any Oregon Zoo material, or with any of the Oregon Zoo's terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using or visiting oregonzoo.org.
Pages within this website may contain links and pointers to other Internet websites that are maintained by third parties and are not under the control of the Oregon Zoo. Accordingly, the Oregon Zoo makes no representation or endorsement concerning the content of any third party website, which you shall review "as is" and use at your own discretion.
Modifications
These terms of use may be modified by the Oregon Zoo at any time and will be binding at the time of implementation. Users have the responsibility of reviewing this website's terms and conditions.
Privacy policy
The Oregon Zoo, operators of oregonzoo.org, recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of the users of this website. Except when specifically and knowingly provided by you, the website user, the Oregon Zoo collects no personally identifying information about individuals. The name, address and payment (if applicable) that the user might provide when using this website may be processed or disclosed by the Oregon Zoo as permitted under the website's terms of use, of which the user agrees to upon utilizing the information and services of oregonzoo.org.
As a method of tracking the use of this website, oregonzoo.org may utilize the web technology known as "cookies," which enables the Oregon Zoo to relate a visitor's use of Oregon Zoo information to any information that the visitor may have specifically and knowingly provided to the Oregon Zoo. Any such voluntarily provided identifying information, if applicable, may be used by the Oregon Zoo for editorial, marketing or promotional purposes. Such identifying information, if applicable, will not be transferred to any other party unless otherwise stated at the time of collection.
The Oregon Zoo only collects any type of personally identifying information to the extent that it serves our legitimate business purposes, and the Oregon Zoo will maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information.
Zoolights tickets
Donate now
Become a member
Latest news
Brighter later: Zoo extends drive-thru ZooLights hours
Following updated guidance from the Oregon Health Authority, ZooLights will remain open for an extra hour beginning...
Learn more
Read more news
Connect
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
Tiktok
Connect with the zoo
Hello, we're Metro.
Arts and events
Oregon Convention Center
Parks and nature
Garbage and recycling
Land and transportation
Oregon Zoo