https://www.kromek.com/terms-and-conditions/
Kromek terms and conditions
Kromek’s gamma and neutron radiation detectors and components, CZT based gamma detectors, medical imaging products and CBRNE Homeland Security products are sometimes subject to export licence control.
Please note, the terms and conditions of sale may vary according to local requirements and the legal jurisdiction of the Kromek company you are in contact with.
Kromek Ltd Standard Terms and Conditions of Purchase
Kromek Ltd Standard Terms and Conditions of Sale
EV Products (T/A Subsidiary of Kromek plc) Standard Terms and Conditions of Purchase
EV Products (T/A Subsidiary of Kromek plc) Standard Terms and Conditions of Sale
Kromek news
Kromek's CEO, Arnab Basu, interviews with DirectorsTalk
10/12/2020
Kromek Group plc (LON:KMK) CEO Arnab Basu joins DirectorsTalk to discuss the new contract extensions for its D3S products.
Read more
Kromek awarded two contract extensions for D3S products
08/12/2020
Another key step towards customer’s full wide-area system roll-out to protect critical infrastructure and public spaces
Read more
Kromek give notice of interim results
08/12/2020
Date of interim results announcement.
Read more
Kromek launches the D5 RIID high performance radiation detector
03/12/2020
Kromek announces the launch of the D5 RIID, the world’s smallest high performance radioisotope identification device (“RIID”). The ruggedised device, with ultra-low false alarm rate, is designed for military, homeland security and industrial use.
Read more
Kromek exhibiting at CBRNe Convergence
01/12/2020
Kromek will be exhibiting at CBRNe Convergence on 1st - 4th Dec 2020
Read more
Kromek identified as one of the "1000 Companies to Inspire Britain" 2020
25/11/2020
Kromek has been identified as one of London Stock Exchange Group’s ‘1000 Companies to Inspire Britain’ 2020.
Read more
Stay up to date with Kromek news
Subscribe to our newsletter
Unsure what product you need?
Use our Product Finder tool
Unlock Downloads
To gain access to Kromek downloads please enter your email below – shortly after you will receive a verification email. Click the link and Kromek downloads will be unlocked in your browser.
Why lock downloads?
Due to the nature of products we need to ensure that our users are finding the correct information for their needs. By providing your details, you are granting us permission to follow up via email to discuss your needs
Email*
Let's keep in touch
Keep in touch
Tick this box to keep up to date with Kromek products, special offers, news and views. We generally send one email out per quarter unless we have a special offer or other urgent news. You can unsubscribe at any time.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Changes