http://www.nks.org/en/privacy-policy.htm
This is NKS
NKS-R
NKS-B
News
Seminars
NKS Reports
Phantom Library
Privacy policyCharter on personal data / Privacy policy
Personal data policy for Nordic Nuclear Safety Research (NKS)
NKS is as data controller obliged to protect your personal data, when you as user or guest areusing NKS and the services offered by NKS, and aim at you feeling secure about NKS’ handling ofyour personal data. NKS handles personal data about you according to this charter on personaldata and governing law. Submission of personal data to NKS is shared with WebHouse ApS, thedata processor.
1. NKS collects and uses your personal data
NKS collects information about you in the following instances:
When you sign up for receipt of NKS newsletters
When you sign up for seminars or similar arranged by NKS
When you wish to make use of NKS, information about you is collected in order to handle yourapproach to and/or your use of NKS, and in order to offer and supply you with relevant services foryou
Likewise your personal data are used in order to answer specific requests from you. In thisconnection NKS collects only the necessary information about you such as name, address, phonenumber and email address.Your personal data are processed and stored only if you voluntarily have informed NKS aboutthem for instance by filling in a signing up form for receipt of newsletters, for participating in aseminar or similar related to NKS.
2. NKS passes on your personal data
In certain cases NKS passes on your personal data, which is processed about you. Your personaldata can be passed on for instance to:
suppliers NKS cooperates with providing services for you for instance in connection with NKS’use of a printer when planning a seminar by production of name tags or similar
other relevant third parties in connection with your use of NKS; or
if it is demanded by a conviction or governing law.
The passing on of your personal data will only happen to the extent needed and to the necessaryreceivers making it possible to carry out the service you have requested for instance in connectionwith signing up to seminars and arrangements or signing up for newsletters from NKS.
3. NKS protects your personal data
NKS has technical and safety precautions to ensure, that your personal data neither accidentallynor illegally are erased, made public, lost, depreciated or made open to irrelevant persons,misused or in any other way handled contrary to governing law. NKS’ safety procedures andprocesses are revised on an on-going basis in order to ensure reasonable technical and organisingsafety precautions.
In practice it is not possible to establish 100 % safety and NKS therefore cannot guarantee thatyour personal data are protected against persons who deliberately attempts to bypassing NKS’safety precautions in order to access the data.Therefore you are submitting your personal data on your own responsibility.
4. Your rights
If you want access to the information, which NKS is processing about you, you can contact NKS atnks@nks.org or phone +45 4677 4041.
You have the right to be informed about which personal data NKS processes about you. If it turnsout that this information is incorrect or misguiding, you are entitled to make a request to NKS inorder to have this information corrected, blocked or erased. Moreover you can at any time protestagainst information about you being processed any further.You can request that your personal data are erased. In such case NKS cannot supply you with theservices originally requested.
5. For how long does NKS store your personal data – on-going commitment to erase data
With NKS your personal data are stored as long as it is necessary in order to deliver the services,you have asked for, as long as it is necessary for a justified purpose, such as the administration ofyour use of NKS or as long as it is demanded by the law. If we as data controller and dataprocessor are obliged to store the data about you from legislative reasons we store the data for aslong as this legislation is ruling.
Your personal data are stored for a maximum of 5 years after the latest use and even longer ifrequested by governing law.
6. What happens if NKS changes this charter on personal data
NKS continiously updates this charter on personal data in order to present you with as preciseinformation as possible and in order to observe ruling law. This implies that NKS on an on-goingbasis will update and change this charter on personal data. In case of essential changes NKS willnotify you by email. The version in force of this charter of personal data can be obtained from NKSon nks@nks.org
7. Contacts and questions
You are very welcome to contact us, if you have any questions concerning charter on personaldata or the personal data, which we are collecting and processing about you:
NKSFrederiksborgvej 399Postboks 49DK-4000 Roskildenks@nks.org+45 4677 4041
Accept cookies
This website uses cookies to track statistics. Read moreAccept
Contact NKS
NKS SekretariatetBoks 49DK-4000 Roskilde
Telephone +45 46 77 40 41 E-mail: nks@nks.org
Address for visitorsDirections and map
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Alphabetical index  |
Sitemap  |
Extranet Login
Website last modified: 09 December 2020