http://www.beacon-dodsworth.co.uk/footer/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Contact us
or call: 01904 701020
Tools
Consultancy
Clients
Industries
Home
Privacy Policy
Beacon Dodsworth Ltd Privacy Policy
Beacon Dodsworth Ltd understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits our websites beacon-dodsworth.co.uk and MapVision.co.uk, and clients who utilise our services, access our online chat (via third party provider) or subscribe to our newsletters.
The personal data we collect
The type of personal data we collect will depend on your interactions with us. This may include your name, company name, email address, actual address, and telephone number. In order to provide our products, services and requested information, we may collect further details to fulfill our obligations.
Any online purchase transactions are processed by our third party payment provider.
We do not process any sensitive personal information about you. Any such information provided to us in error will be deleted.
Third party providers
We operate an account from SmartSupp* to provide an online chat service. Users of the service are not required to enter their personal data unless they wish to receive a copy of their transcript by email. The email address is not collected or stored by us. Chat history is automatically deleted after 3 months. SmartSupp act as a data processor for us and are GDPR compliant, see www.smartsupp.com/privacy for further details.
Our payment portal is via PayPal**. You do not need an account to use PayPal, we do not store any credit or debit card details. PayPal act as a data controller and are GDPR compliant, see www.paypal.com/privacy for further details.
How we use the personal data
We use the personal data collected to provide and deliver our services and products, to respond to your enquiries and provide customer service. We may send newsletters (when consent is given) informing you of our products, services, company news and more. We may use the personal data to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our business.
Data security
We are committed to protecting the security of your data. We have in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the personal data we collect. We will never pass your details to any third party, unless required as part of a data or software licence, or to enforce or protect our business interests.
Information to improve our site
Web statistics are automatically collected from your IP address when you visit our sites. We use this information to help us follow browsing preferences and improve site experience.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which is sent to your browser for storage on your computer's hard drive. If your browser accepts the cookie, this allows the storage of data between one page view and the next. This allows web applications to respond to you as an individual. The Beacon Dodsworth website makes use of the following cookies:
First-party session cookies (prefixed by "exp_"): these are cookies that are used by the software that manages our website. They are restricted to this domain and not shared with any third party
Google Analytics tracking cookies (prefixed by "_ut") : these allow us to count visitors and to better understand our visitors and their use of the site. No personally identifiable information is stored. For more about Google Analytics' use of cookies, please see Cookies & Google Analytics.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies in your browser. Should you decline cookies on our site this may prevent you from taking full advantage of our site.
The MapVision website makes use of a cookie to maintain your login credentials. Disabling cookies for this site will prevent it from working.
Google reCAPTCHA
We have implemented reCAPTCHA on our contact form and newsletter subscription, your use of the reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
How long we retain the personal data
Personal data is held subject to the following:
you are a registered subscriber to our newsletter;
you are a user of any of our services or products;
you have completed a purchase from us within the last 48 months;
for as long as is necessary to provide our services to you.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. This may be necessary for example if the law changes or we change our business in a way that affect personal data information. Any changes will be posted on our website. This privacy policy was last updated on 22 March 2019.
Contact us about your personal data
For any queries regarding our privacy policy or the personal data we hold about you, or to request a copy of the personal data we hold, or to request deletion of your personal data, please contact:
Beacon Dodsworth Ltd5 Middlethorpe Business ParkSim Balk LaneBishopthorpeYorkYO23 2BD
VAT ID: GB599 250 301
Telephone 01904 701020
Email info@beacon-dodsworth.co.uk
* Smartsupp.com, s.r.o Lidická 20 602 00 Brno Czech Republic VAT ID: CZ03668681
**PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie  22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2249  Luxembourg
×
+44 (0)1904 701020
Contact Form
Check here if you want to receive marketing material from Beacon Dodsworth Ltd. (You can always change your mind later)
Close
Send
Beacon Dodsworth Ltd
5 Middlethorpe Business ParkSim Balk Lane BishopthorpeYorkYO23 2BD
+44 (0)1904 701020
info@beacon-dodsworth.co.uk
×
Sign up for our newsletter
Close
Send
We value your privacy and will keep your personal information confidential. It will only be used for communications about news, products and services provided by Beacon Dodsworth.
The Beacon Dodsworth site uses cookies to improve your user experience and to provide analysis of how our site is used.
Your continued use of this site is taken as implied consent to receive cookies from us and our analytics partners.
Close