http://www.harvardapparatus.com/customer-service/return-policy
Home
Return Policy & Procedure
Return Policy
If unsatisfied with a product purchased from Harvard Apparatus, you may return the item for credit or replacement. You must contact us within 30 days of receipt of your shipment to obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number and instructions to facilitate the return process. Products returned without an RMA number will be subject to a $150 decontamination and processing fee.
All returned products are subject to inspection and approval by Harvard Apparatus prior to issuing credit or replacement. Products must be in original manufacturer’s packaging and include all instructions, manuals, and inserts. Products returned in new condition will be charged a 15% restocking fee or a minimum of $30.00. Products not in saleable condition will be returned to the customer or assessed a refurbishment fee. There are NO RETURNS OR CANCELLATIONS ON CUSTOM ORDERS.
Product ReturnsHarvard Apparatus will provide full credit for the following:
Items not supplied in accordance with your order
Items that are defective at the time of receipt
Items being exchanged for similar or greater value
Returns not acceptable for credit include:
Items that have been customized (i.e 98xxxx numbers)
Items that are outdated, shelf-worn, damaged, or used and therefore unsuitable for return to stock for resale
Chemicals or sterile items that have been opened
Product(s) that have been exposed to harmful, toxic or hazardous substances
Product RepairsIf your product is out of warranty and requires repair, you must obtain an RMA to facilitate the return process. All repairs are subject to the following:
Repair orders charged on a time and materials basis
$150 per hour for labor with a $150 minimum labor charge
All repairs are performed on a first in/first out basis, after receipt of a valid form of payment
Estimates available upon request
Some older products may not be repairable due to component obsolescence
Click here to download an RMA Request or Decontamination Form. Please fill it out completely and email it to
Repairs-Returns@HarvardBioscience.com or fax to 508-893-3189. If you chose to hand write the form, please print legibly. Once this completed form has been received, a valid RMA number will be generated and you will be contacted by e-mail with a RMA Acknowledgement and return instructions from our Repairs & Returns Department.
Subscribe
Cancel
To Top