https://www.precisionhawk.com/privacy-policy
Solutions
Utilities
Distribution
Transmission
Facilities
Substations
Oil and Gas
Agriculture
Drones
Sensors
Vegetation Indices
Technology
Crops
Crop Insurance
Government
Software
PrecisionAnalytics Energy
PrecisionAnalytics Agriculture
Services
Drone Pilot Network
Consulting
Servicing
BVLOS
Blog
About
Contact
PRIVACY POLICY
PrecisionHawk, Inc. ("PrecisionHawk") is dedicated to protecting your personal privacy. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you make informed decisions regarding your use of the PrecisionHawk websites and services, and explains how PrecisionHawk collects, uses, and discloses information about you when you visit our websites and you subscribe to our services. Please read the following carefully. You should not access the PrecisionHawk websites or use our services until you have carefully read this Privacy Policy and agree to the terms and conditions described in it.
1. Types Of Information We Collect And When We Collect It
When you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site, we may collect the following information from you:
your name;
email address;
mailing address;
phone number; and
credit card information.
In the event you elect to purchase product(s) or service(s) through our websites, PrecisionHawk may also ask you to provide your credit or debit card number and accompanying information.
2. How Do We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect from in the following ways:
To personalize and improve your experience with the PrecisionHawk websites and services, and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested;
To improve our website in order to better serve you;
To ensure proper technical functioning of the PrecisionHawk websites and services;
To develop new services and analyze your use of the services, including but not limited to your interaction with PrecisionMapper and other applications;
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests;
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature;
To process your transactions; and/or
To enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions, including the protection of the rights or property of PrecisionHawk.
3. How Do We Protect Your Information
Your personal information is stored behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order and/or enters, submits, or accesses their information, because we are committed to maintaining the safety of your personal information.
Because it is impossible to guarantee the security of user information at all times (due to third parties that may be able to penetrate the security systems in place), we highly recommend that you create unique and strong passwords when applicable, limit your access of the PrecisionHawk websites and services to your personal device(s) and sign off whenever you have completed a session of the PrecisionHawk services.
4. Cookies
Cookies are small text files that reside on your computer, mobile phone, or other device, which a website or its service provider transfers to your device's memory through your web browser (if you allow) and that enables the website's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. You may also delete existing cookies stores on your browser’s History. Cookies do not tell us your personal information unless you choose to provide such information through forms contained on our website.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
We may also allow certain business partners to place or recognize cookies for the foregoing purposes.
If you are uncomfortable with cookies, you may disable them on your computer. Disabling cookies may affect user functionality. The design of the PrecisionHawk websites allows access to most offerings with cookies disabled; however, visitors who have disabled cookie processing will not be able to use Sign In function at PrecisionMapper.
5. Third Party Links And Disclosure
PrecisionHawk websites may contain links to third party websites. These third party websites have separate and independent privacy policies. You understand, acknowledge and agree that the third party websites’ independent privacy policies govern their use of your personal information. You further understand, acknowledge and agree that we therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked websites. You click on a link to a third party website at your own risk. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these websites.
We may release your information when we believe release of same is appropriate to comply with the requirements of mandatory applicable law, address fraud, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. Furthermore, we may release your information if you expressly opt in to such sharing.
Visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses, at all times.
6. Opting Out Of Marketing Communications
PrecisionHawk may periodically send you messages via e-mail, telephone or traditional postal mail about products and services that we think may be of interest to you. If you are located in a jurisdiction that requires opt-in consent to receive electronic marketing messages, we will only send you such messages if you opt-in to receive them.
You can opt-out of receiving marketing messages by:
(1) following the “unsubscribe” instructions located near the bottom of any e-mails received; or (2) contacting us via our website.
Pursuant to California Civil Code section 1798.83, certain businesses must respond to California customer requests inquiring about the businesses practices related to the disclosing of personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, such businesses must institute a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes if the customer has elected to opt-out of such information sharing. If you wish opt-out of our sharing your personal information with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes offline, please contact us at privacymanager@precisionhawk.com.
7. California Online Privacy Protection Act Notice
(1) PrecisionHawk does not track users and does not use "do not track" signals; and (2) PrecisionHawk does not authorize the collection of PII from PrecisionHawk website users for third party use through advertising technologies without separate member consent.
8. Your Preferences
You should be careful to use the PrecisionHawk websites and services in a manner you are comfortable with and should manage your account settings regularly and accordingly. PrecisionHawk websites, including but not limited to the PrecisionMapper website, involves “Customer Data,” which may offer private information to PrecisionHawk (i.e. photographic imagery, GPS coordinates, etc.). You may elect to make such “Customer Data” private and restricted from the view of other users of the service by contacting privacymanager@precisionhawk.com
9. Accessing And Updating Your Information
You are free to access and change some of the personal information we keep on you through your settings. You may ask us to delete personal information that is inaccurate, incomplete or irrelevant, or that is being processed in a manner that violates or infringes upon any applicable law or legal requirements. We may elect to retain personal information with your comment or correction noted in our records instead of deleting such information. Your right to review, modify, update, correct or delete your personal information may be limited, subject to the laws of your jurisdiction:
(1) if your requests are abusive or unreasonably excessive in nature;
(2) where the rights or safety of another person would be encroached upon or violated;
(3) if the information or material requested relates to existing or potential legal proceedings between you and us; or
(4) if providing you access would prejudice or otherwise harm negotiations between us or an investigation of possible illegal activity. Furthermore, your right to review, modify, update, correct or delete your personal information shall be subject to our records maintenance policies and applicable law, including, without limitation, any statutory retention requirements.
To learn more about your personal information stored by us, please email privacymanager@precisionhawk.com. We will respond within a reasonable period of time upon verification of your identity.
10. Retaining Your Personal Information
PrecisionHawk will retain your personal information while you have an active account with us and thereafter so long as needed for purposes that are not prohibited by applicable law. Once no longer needed, we will either delete your personal information or de-identify it so that it becomes anonymous and no longer attributable to you.
11. A Special Note For Parents Concerning Privacy
This website is not directed to children and we do not encourage children to participate in providing us with any personally identifiable information. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us at privacymanager@precisionhawk.com. We strongly recommend that children under age 13 use our services only under the approval and supervision of their parents or legal guardian(s). We support the guidelines and regulatory requirements provided in the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA).
12. Changes To This Privacy Policy
PrecisionHawk reserves the right to make corrections, changes or amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time s A notice will be posted on our homepage for 30 days whenever this Privacy Policy is changed in a material way, and the date of last update will be indicated at the bottom of the Privacy Statement. If you do not refuse the changes in writing within that notice period, this shall mean that you have consented to the Privacy Policy as changed, including with respect to personal information provided to us prior to the changes in the Privacy Policy. We encourage you to check our website frequently to see the current Privacy Policy in effect and any changes that may have been made to prior versions of the Privacy Policy.
13. Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at privacymanager@precisionhawk.com.
Last updated: September 28, 2017.
Subscribe to our newsletter: