https://www.synergy.com/legal/
Skip to content
Legal
Synergy Software provides the download of our proprietary software through this website and such software is protected by the applicable copyright, patent, and other intellectual property rights. Any use of our software is subject to the terms of the applicable end-user or open source license agreement. All free and evaluation software is provided for evaluation and internal use only. It cannot be used for commercial, development, or production purposes. In addition, our trial or evaluation software is time-limited, meaning that the software will cease to operate after a period of time.
Trademarks
All Synergy logos and designs are registered trademarks of Synergy Software, Inc. in the United States and other jurisdictions. You are not permitted to use our trademarks without the prior written consent of Synergy Software Inc. All other marks and names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies.
Copyright
Except where otherwise specified, the contents of this site are copyright (c) 2020 Synergy Software, Inc., 2457 Perkiomen Ave., Reading, PA 19606, USA. All rights reserved. The contents of this site are subject to protection under U.S. and foreign copyright laws. You may not copy or distribute any portion of this site, except as necessary to view this site. Please direct any questions or comments to info@synergy.com.
Links to Third-Party Sites
This website may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. Synergy Software does not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites, nor does the inclusion of any link imply any such endorsement. If you access those links, you will leave this website. Synergy does not control external third-party sites and is therefore not responsible for the contents of any third-party sites, any links contained in third-party sites, any changes or updates to third-party sites, or their privacy practices, which may differ from those of Synergy Software. The personal data you may choose to give to such third-party sites is not covered by Synergy Software’s privacy policies. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company submitting your personal information. Some third-party companies may choose to share their personal data with Synergy Software, in which case that data shall be governed by that third party’s privacy policy.
Scroll to Top
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn moreOK