http://www.nightskyinfo.com/terms/
Home > Terms of Use
Your access to and use of this web site shall be governed by the following Terms of Use. NightSkyInfo.com reserves the right to amend these Terms of Use at any time without notice.
Description of Service
The NightSkyInfo.com web site consists of the material provided under the nightskyinfo.com domain (e.g., http://www.nightskyinfo.com) and several other subdomains and directories (e.g., http://www.nightskyinfo.com/binoculars/), hereinafter referred to collectively as the “Site”. All material provided on the Site is intended for informational purposes only and should not be used to replace either official documents nor the advice of a qualified professional.
Copyright
Copyright © 2005-2015 Emil Neata (hereinafter referred to as the “Publisher”). All rights reserved.The Publisher owns the intellectual property rights, including copyright, in and to this Site. As a user of the Site, you are granted a limited license to use (display or print) short extracts of the information for your own personal, non-commercial use only, provided the information is not modified. Any other use of the information is prohibited. None of the information may be otherwise reproduced, republished or re-disseminated in any manner or form without the prior written consent of the Publisher. To obtain such consent, please contact the Publisher at the e-mail address mail@nightskyinfo.com.
No Advice or Warranties
You shall be fully responsible for any consequences resulting from your use of the Site. The information on the Site is provided for educational or information purposes only. The Publisher does not guarantee the quality, accuracy, completeness or timelines of the information on the Site. While efforts are made to verify the information provided, the Site may contain typographical or other errors and should not be assumed to be error free. Furthermore, some information on the Site has been provided by third parties and has not necessarily been verified by the Publisher.The Publisher shall not be responsible for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damage or any other damages whatsoever and howsoever caused, arising out of or in connection with the use of the Site or in reliance on the information available on the Site, including the loss of use, lost data, lost business profits, business interruption, personal injury, or any other personal or pecuniary loss, whether the action is in contract, tort (including negligence) or other tortious action.
No Endorsement
The Site may contain links to other sites. These links are provided as references to help you identify and locate other Internet resources that may be of interest. Parties other than the Publisher independently develop and maintain these other sites. Therefore, the Publisher does not assume responsibility for the accuracy or appropriateness of the information contained at such sites. In providing links to other sites, the Publisher is not acting as a disseminator of the material contained on these other sites and does not seek to control the content of, or maintain any type of editorial control over, such sites.A link to another site should not be construed to mean that the Publisher is associated with or is legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyrighted symbol that may be reflected in the link or the description of the link to such other sites. In addition, the mention of another party or its product or services on the Site should not be construed as an endorsement of that party or its product or service.
Linking to the Site
Links to and frames of the Site are permitted, provided that no such link could reasonably be deemed to portray the Site in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive manner. The Publisher reserves the right to prevent linking or framing by giving notice.
Trademarks
Certain words, phrases, names, designs or logos used on the Site may constitute trademarks, service marks or trade names of other entities. The display of any such marks or names on the Site does not imply that these other entities have granted a license or authorization of any kind to use such marks or names.
Submissions and User Accounts
The Internet is not a secure medium and privacy cannot be ensured. Internet e-mail is vulnerable to interception and forgery. The Publisher will not be responsible for any damages you or any third party may suffer as a result of the transmission of confidential information that you make to the Publisher through the Internet, or that you expressly or implicitly authorize the Publisher to make, or for any errors or any changes made to any transmitted information.To access specific sections and functions of the Site, a user account is required. Your registration data and other information are subject to the Privacy Policy of the Site. By providing information, you agree that it is true, current, complete, and accurate. By creating a user account, you accept responsibility for all actions and activities that occur under your username and password. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password.
Access and Interference
In using the Site, you agree that you will not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site. You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to impose an “unreasonable or disproportionately large load” on the Site’s infrastructure. An “unreasonable or disproportionately large load” is one that prevents other members of the public from gaining fair and equitable access to web-based systems and resources.
Computer Viruses
While every effort is made to ensure that no information provided on the Site contains computer viruses, you should take reasonable and appropriate precautions to scan for computer viruses and should ensure that you have a complete and current backup of the applicable items or information contained on your computer system.
Miscellaneous
The laws of the State of New York and the laws of the United States of America applicable therein shall govern as to the interpretation, validity and effect of this document, notwithstanding any conflict of laws provisions of your domicile, residence or physical location. You hereby consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York in any action or proceeding instituted under or related to your use of the Site.Users of the Site assume all knowledge of applicable law and are responsible for compliance with any such laws. You may not use the Site in any way that violates applicable state, federal, or international laws, regulations or other government requirements.
Effective Date
This Terms of Use Agreement was last updated on September 12, 2013.