https://www.flocert.net/terms-of-use/
Breadcrumb:
Terms of Use
Terms of Use Access to this site: This site is owned and operated by FLOCERT GmbH (FLOCERT).
FLOCERT grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of the Site, but not to download (other than page caching, publications, technical documents or other information) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with the express written consent of FLOCERT.
This license does not include any resale or commercial use of the Site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions or prices; any derivative use of the Site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots or similar data gathering and extraction tools. None of the Site or any portion thereof may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without the express written consent of FLOCERT. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout or form) of FLOCERT without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or other "hidden text" utilizing FLOCERT's name or trademarks without the express written consent of FLOCERT. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by FLOCERT.
Employment Offers: This Site may contain information on employment opportunities within FLOCERT. If you decide to apply for a vacancy we will assume that, by creating an application form or sending us your CV, you are signaling your agreement for FLOCERT to use, hold and destroy any personal data contained in your form/CV for the purpose of considering your application in accordance with our standard recruitment procedures and for the purposes outlined in detail below.
Please do not apply if you do not agree to FLOCERT using, holding or destroying your data for any of the purposes that are outlined below:
We may wish to retain your details on file for up to the next 12 months and to notify you of any suitable vacancies that arise. You would then have the opportunity to apply for these vacancies if you wished to do so.
We may use your personal information for purposes of market research, specifically relating to the improvement of recruitment and HR policies and practices.
Jurisdiction: Your access to, and use of, this Site, the Privacy Policy and these Terms of use (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of whatsoever nature arising in any way therefrom) shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Germany exclusive of any rules with respect to conflicts of laws.
Copyright: The information contained on this Site or in any publication made available on or through this Site is the exclusive property of FLOCERT or is licensed to FLOCERT and is protected by copyright and other proprietary rights. Nothing contained in this site may be reproduced, distributed or edited in any manner without the prior written authorization of FLOCERT.
Questions? Check our FAQ section
FAQ
Need an explanation? Check our Glossary
Glossary
Interesting?
Please feel free to share this article.
Twitter
Linkedin
Facebook
Email
Cookies on our website
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. For information on cookies and how you can disable them visit our Privacy Policy.
Accept all cookies
Essential: These cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and security issues.
Analytics: These cookies help us understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Embedded Content: These cookies allow embedded content such as vidoes and slideshows to work without you having to leave our website.
Accept Selected Cookies