https://www.osi.ie/about/privacy-statement/
Menu
About
OSi Board of Directors
OSi Senior Management Team
Mandate and Strategy statement
OSi Customer Charter
Key Documents
Future Developments
Quality and Standards
History
OSi Positional Accuracy
Careers
Freedom of Information (FOI)
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ’s)
Role of GI in Business and Industry
Access to Information on the Environment
Legal
Open Data
Privacy Statement
Website Terms of Use
Tailte Éireann
FOI – Publication Scheme
FOI Disclosure Log
Products
Tourist & Leisure
Professional Mapping
Adventure Series
Services
GeoHive
Geodetic Services
MapGenie
Map Agents
Advisory Services
Copyright
Interactive Mapping Providers
Partners
Customer Service
National Mapping Agreement
Data Quality Policy and Submission form
Resources
Web Coordinate Converter
Creating Ireland in Minecraft
Large Scale legend
Capture Resolution Statement
Geodetic Services
Active GNSS Data
Passive GNSS Data
Downloads
Publications and Papers
Geodetic Publications
Price Lists
Licencing Information
OSi Products
Utilities Seminars
ISDI Metadata Profile
Migrating to ITM
Reference Information
Irish Grid Reference System
GNSS Reference Systems
Eurogeographics
Education
GIS Explained
Benefits of GIS
Uses of GIS
GIS Case Studies in the Private Sector
GIS Case Studies in the Public Sector
Reference Information
GNSS Reference Systems
Linked Data and Semantic Web Technologies
Schools
Primary Schools
Secondary Schools
Third Level and Academic
Scoilnet
Map Reading
How to Use a Map and Compass
How to Use Map Scales and Grids
Safety in the Outdoors
Maps and Heritage
R&D with OSi Data
MapGenie and 3rd Level
You are here: HomeAboutPrivacy Statement
Ordnance Survey Ireland Data Privacy Notice
At Ordnance Survey Ireland we respect privacy. It is important that you know what we do with personal information that you and others provide to us, why we gather it and what it means to you. This document is being provided to you in line with our obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which came into force on 25 May 2018. From that date, the GDPR, together with applicable Irish requirements, amend existing data protection law and place enhanced accountability and transparency obligations on organisations when using your information. The GDPR also introduced changes which give you greater control over your personal information.
This summary explains the most important aspects of how we use your information and what rights you have in relation to your personal information. Please take time to read this notice carefully. If you are under 16 years of age, please read this summary with a parent or guardian and ensure you understand it.
If you have any further questions about how we use your information, please contact our Data Protection Officer at the details below.
Who we are
In this statement we use the terms “we”, “our” “us” and “OSi” to refer to Ordnance Survey Ireland.
Ordnance Survey Ireland, Ireland’s national mapping agency, was established as a statutory body by the Ordnance Survey Ireland Act, 2001, and tasked with delivering functions as set out in the Act.
The information we collect
We obtain personal information about you through your interaction with Ordnance Survey Ireland.
In order to provide the range of statutory functions we deliver, as well as the services supporting those functions, OSi need to process certain personal data in relation to you, which include:
Biographical data (Employees, prospective employees, board members, customers, suppliers, conference attendees, competition entrants, visitors to OSi)
We collect some of the following biographical data in order to facilitate our organisations functions: Name, address, telephone number, email address, age, job title, position, gender, PSSN, education details, details of prior employment, date of birth, proof of identity, photographs and CCTV footage.
Payment data (Employees, board members, customers, suppliers)
If you pay by direct debit or receive payments through electronic funds transfers, we will collect the IBAN, BIC and the name of your bank/building society or your credit card details where relevant.
Interactions with us (Employees, prospective employees, board members, customers, suppliers, conference hosts / attendees, competition entrants, visitors to OSi)
If you interact with us we will record details of those interactions (e.g. phone calls and logs of phone calls, email correspondence and hard copy correspondence).
It is OSi’s policy to only collect information that is required for the immediate purpose, i.e. to perform the functions of OSi, other applicable legislative provisions and of administrative support required to deliver our statutory functions. In your correspondence with us we ask you to disclose only as much information as is necessary to fulfil these requirements.
We also use cookies to facilitate the use of our website. For more information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them, see our website notice on the ePrivacy Directive.
When we collect your information
We collect information:
you give us.
information from your use of our products, services or our websites.
How we use your information and the legal basis
We collect and process personal data in order to perform the functions as set out in the Ordnance Survey Ireland Act, 2001.
These functions include:
Creation and maintenance of State mapping and related geographic databases
Maintenance and development of the underlying physical infrastructure which is required to support mapping applications
Provision of mapping and related geographic information to the public and private sectors in support of social, economic, legislative, educational, security, business and administrative functions and requirements
Promotion of the benefits of the use of the national mapping and related databases and the development of products, services and markets to meet national and user needs
Provision of advice to the Government and public sector organisations on matters relating to the policy and practice of survey, mapping and geographic information and on the development of national spatial data infrastructures
OSi also process personal data in respect of administrative support required to deliver our statutory functions.
OSi are also entitled to process personal data under other legislative provisions that provide the basis for all public bodies to administer and comply with the requirements laid out in those provisions.
Ordnance Survey Ireland is the data controller in respect of this data.
Use of automated processing or ‘analytics’
OSi do not make any automated decisions and we only use the personal information given to us in accordance with the purposes that it was collected / provided for, i.e. we do not use this information for further processing.
Sharing your information
We may disclose your personal information on a contractually bound confidential basis to external service providers so that they can provide services such as financial or administrative services in connection with the operation of our business; and to any person (where necessary) in connection with their services, such as, but not limited to, law enforcement and regulatory authorities.
If we engage external service providers, we will take reasonable steps to ensure those entities comply with their obligations under GDPR when they handle your personal information. We will also ensure external service providers are only authorised to use personal information for the limited purposes specified in our agreement with them.
We may disclose your data in the event that we merge, sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
Our contractors are restricted from using your data in any way other than to provide services for OSi, or services for the collaboration in which they and OSi are engaged. OSi requires that all contractors enter into contractual guarantees to observe security and privacy obligations as least as stringent as those set forth in this privacy statement.
How long we hold your information
How long we hold your data for is subject to legislation and regulatory rules we must follow. We have consolidated these retention periods into our data retention policy, copies of which are available from our Data Protection Officer (contact details below).
Implications of not providing information
You are not obliged to provide us with your personal information. However, if you do not, we might not be able to carry out the services you have requested of us.
International transfers
There are certain circumstances where we will transfer your personal data outside of the EEA to a country which is not recognised by the European Commission as providing an equivalent level of protection for personal data as is provided for in the EEA.
If we transfer your personal data outside of the EEA we will ensure that appropriate measures are in place to protect your personal data and to comply with our obligations under applicable data protection law. This may mean that we enter into contracts in the form approved by the European Commission, or we ensure that the company to which we transfer your personal data has agreed to abide by an approved transfer mechanism, such as the EU-US Privacy Shield framework.
Security of processing
The security of your personal data is important to us. We restrict access to personal information to Ordnance Survey Ireland employees, contractors and processors who have a requirement to process your personal information.
We comply with our data protection obligations by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
Your rights
GDPR, together with applicable Irish requirements, introduced changes which give you greater control over your personal information. From 25 May 2018, you will have several enhanced rights in relation to how we use your information, including the right, without undue delay, to:
The right to know what categories of personal data we hold about you; the purpose of processing and any recipient or categories of recipient to whom your information has been disclosed.
The right to ask for a copy of any personal information which we hold about you, to correct any inaccuracies and to object to the processing of your personal data subject to certain criteria.
The right to have your information transferred where technically feasible. You can request that we no longer hold your personal information subject to certain criteria.
The right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes at any point.
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority specifically in the member state where you habitually reside or place of the alleged infringement if you consider we have infringed your data protection rights.
We will respond within one month of the receipt of your request.
If you have any questions or concerns about how we process your data, you can contact us at the details below.
Contact us
Our Data Protection Officer may be contacted by email to dpo@osi.ie, by phone at 01 8852434, or by mail to Ordnance Survey Ireland, Ordnance Survey Road, Phoenix Park, Dublin 8, D08 F6E4.
Updates
This notice, last updated in August 2018, will change from time to time and any changes will be updated on this page.
About
OSi Board of Directors
OSi Senior Management Team
Mandate and Strategy statement
OSi Customer Charter
OSi Customer Service Action Plan 2019 – 2021
Key Documents
Annual Reports
Ireland GIS Economic Report
Codes of Conduct
Joint statement of OSi and PRA
OSi Payments
Prompt Payments
Future Developments
The National Map
INSPIRE Directive
Quality and Standards
History
Interior Survey
OSi Pioneers
OSi Positional Accuracy
Careers
Freedom of Information (FOI)
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ’s)
Role of GI in Business and Industry
Access to Information on the Environment
Legal
Open Data
Privacy Statement
ePrivacy Directive
Website Terms of Use
Tailte Éireann
FOI – Publication Scheme
FOI Disclosure Log
Home
About
News
Email Customer Service
Contact Us
Online Store
Blog
English
Gaeilge (Irish)
Review our Annual Reports.
OSi has a rich history.
We are committed to our customer needs.
Meet our Board of Directors.
Signup to our Newsletter
Tourist & Leisure
Professional Mapping
Adventure Series
All Products >
Geodetic Services
MapGenie
Advisory Services
Copyright
Interactive Mapping Providers
Partners
Map Agents
All Services >
Ordnance Survey Ireland
Phoenix Park,
Dublin 8.
Eircode D08 F6E4
Call: +353-1-802-5300
Mon-Fri 9am to 4.45pm
Email Customer Services
Data Quality Submission Form
Contact Us >
Back to Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Read More Accept Reject Privacy & Cookies Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled