http://www.beinamovie.com/privacy.php
Back to BeInAMovie.com home
Click here for Free TV Tickets
Privacy Policy
Notice to California Residents: California law grants you certain rights to receive information about the third parties, if any, with whom this web site shares personally identifiable information for those third parties' direct marketing purposes. As set forth below in this web site's Privacy Policy, we comply with this law by not sharing your personally identifiable information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you first affirmatively agree to the disclosure. For those California residents who want more information regarding our compliance with this law or your choices, please contact us at PrivacyInfo@BigCrowds.com
You must include this web site as the subject line, and your full name, e-mail address, and postal address in your message. We will only respond to messages specifically requesting information regarding our compliance with this law or your choices, and those that include the above information. We will also only respond to a request from you one time per calendar year.
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy explains what information Audience Associates Inc. ("Company" or "we") collects on its web sites ("Web Sites"), how Company uses that information, your choices and the Web Sites other privacy practices.
Click Here for a list of web sites covered by this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy only covers information collected at the Web Sites, and does not cover any information collected at any other web site or offline by Company or any other related or unrelated company (unless specifically stated).
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
Personally Identifiable Information
We may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, which is information that could reasonably be used to identify you personally (such as your name, address, e-mail address and telephone number) when you sign up for our newsletter, register to attend a show taping or to be an extra in a movie, complete a survey or submit feedback to the Web Sites, or at other times.
In addition, we may ask that you provide us with demographic information, information regarding your interests, or similar information when you submit a registration form on the Web Sites.
Providing us with information about yourself is voluntary, and you can always choose not to provide certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of some of the Web Sites' features.
We may also receive information about you from other sources, such as in connection with a promotion that one of the Web Sites participates in that is offered on a third-party web site, and we may combine the information we receive from those other sources with information that we collect through the Web Sites.
In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any personally identifiable information received.
Note To Parents About Children
The Web Sites are not directed to children younger than 13, and Company does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children younger than 13. If you are younger than 13, do not send any information about yourself to Company. If Company discovers that a person younger than 13 has provided the Web Sites with personally identifiable information, Company will delete that person's personally identifiable information.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
When you visit or download information from this Web Site, our web servers may automatically collect web site usage information.
Web site usage information is non-personally identifying information that describes how our visitors use the Web Site. It can include the number and frequency of visitors to each web page and the length of their stays, browser type, referrer data that identifies the web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting the Web Site, and IP addresses (see below for more information on IP addresses). We also may determine the technology available in order to serve you the most appropriate version of a web page, e-mail or similar service.
Use of Cookies, Web Beacons and Similar Technologies
This Web Site' spages or e-mail messages may contain cookies, web beacons (also known as clear gifs), or similar technologies as they become available. Cookies are information files that this Web Site may place on your computer to provide extended functionality. We may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as tracking usage patterns on the Web Site, measuring the effectiveness of advertising, limiting multiple responses and registrations, facilitating your ability to navigate the Web Site and as part of a verification or screening process.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies.
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent by indicating this in the preferences or options menu in your browser.
However, it is possible that some parts of this Web Site will not operate correctly if you disable cookies and you may not be able to take advantage of some of this Web Site's features. You should consult with your browser's provider/manufacturer if you have any questions regarding disabling cookies.
A web beacon is a small graphic image that allows the party that set the web beacon to monitor and collect certain information about the viewer of the web page, web-based document or e-mail message, such as the type of browser requesting the web beacon, the IP address of the computer that the web beacon is sent to and the time the web beacon was viewed.
Web beacons can be very small and invisible to the user, but, in general, any electronic image viewed as part of a web page or e-mail, including HTML based content, can act as a web beacon. Company may use web beacons to count visitors to the web pages on the Web Site or to monitor how our users navigate the Web Site, and we may include web beacons in e-mail messages in order to count how many messages sent were actually opened or acted upon.
Advertisers or other third parties that serve content on the Web Site may set and access their own cookies or web beacons on your computer.
Company does not have control over the cookies or web beacons used by third parties and does not have access to whatever information they may collect. Those third parties' use of cookies and web beacons is subject to their own privacy policies, which may differ from this one.
Use Of IP Addresses
An internet protocol or IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer or network when you are on the internet. When you request pages from this Web Site, our servers may log your IP address. Company may use IP addresses for a number of purposes, such as system administration, to report aggregate information to our business partners or to audit use of the Web Site.
We may associate your IP address with the personally identifiable information you provide.
USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
Company may use your personally identifiable information to provide you with requested information or services, to contact you in connection with a promotion, or for other purposes disclosed when you provide your information. We may use your information for internal business purposes, such as to improve the Web Sites and our business strategies, or to serve specific content or advertisements to you.
If you choose to receive information from the Web Sites, we may contact you with information regarding one of our products or that of an affiliate or business partner.
We may also contact you regarding any problems or questions we have relating to your use of the Web Sites, or, in our discretion, notify you of changes to our Privacy Policy or other policy or terms that affect you or your use of the Web Sites.
If you provide us with personally identifiable information of a friend, or your friend provides personally identifiable information about you, to e-mail a feature from a Web Site, the e-mail addresses you or your friend supply us for those activities will not be used to send you or your friend other e-mail communications unless disclosed at the time you provide the information.
Please note that information submitted to the Web Site via a "contact us", "help" or other similar e-mail address or form will not necessarily receive a response.
Unless you separately sign-up or register on the Web Sites, we will not use the information provided to these e-mail addresses or forms for marketing purposes unrelated to your request.
DISCLOSURE/SHARING OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
Company may disclose non-personally identifying, aggregated user statistics to third parties.
Company does not share your personally identifiable information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you first affirmatively agree to the disclosure.
If you agree to receive communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy.
Therefore, if you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly.
In addition, unless otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Policy or at the time you provide your information, Company will only share your personally identifiable information with third parties under the following limited circumstances:
Show Tapings and Movie Filming: If you register to attend a show taping or to be an extra in a movie, your personally identifiable information may be disclosed to third parties related to such show taping or movie filming, such as the television production studio or movie producer, for, among other reasons, security purposes.
Third parties providing services on our behalf: Company may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include, without limitation, hosting and administering this Web Site, sending communications on our behalf, analyzing data, and administering promotions. These third parties may have access to this Web Site's user information, including personally identifiable information, in order to perform these functions on our behalf.
Legal Protection: Company may transfer and disclose information about our users, including personally identifiable information, and may use IP addresses to identify users in cooperation with internet service providers or law enforcement agencies, to comply with a legal obligation, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing the Web Site and applicable laws,
or to protect the legal rights, interests, or safety of the Web Site, our users or others.
Corporate change: Company reserves the right to disclose and transfer user information, including personally identifiable information, in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our assets, or other fundamental corporate change.
Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions: If you choose to enter a sweepstakes, contest or other promotion, your personally identifiable information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with the administration of such promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment and as required by law, such as on a winners list.
Also, by entering a promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the promotion to use your name, voice or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the promotion.
LINKS
The Web Site and communications sent by the Web Site may contain links that take you outside Company's service and are beyond Company's control. For example, you may encounter links to view a trailer or links from sponsors or partners, which may or may not include Company's logo as part of a co-branding agreement. If you "click" on the link to a third party, the "click" takes you to a third party's web site or online content. These other web sites may set their own cookies, collect data, solicit personally identifiable information and/or have their own privacy policies.
YOUR CHOICES
To unsubscribe from the features you subscribed to on this Web Sites, visit www.tvtix.com/unsubscribe or follow the instructions given at the bottom of a commercial e-mail sent to you by one of the Web Sites.
You may also call us at (818) 985-8811 to unsubscribe.
We will process your request as quickly as we reasonably can, but it may not be possible to update our systems immediately.
You should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases.
We may institute a policy in which user information is deleted after a certain amount of time, and therefore, your user information may no longer exist in this Web Site's active database(s).
In addition, even if you choose to unsubscribe or otherwise modify your user account settings, Company reserves the right to contact you regarding your account and your use of the Web Sites.
SECURITY
If any transaction requires that you submit credit card information to the Web Sites, we will work to ensure the security of that information by encrypting it, using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology.
However, no data transmission over the internet or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that Company cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Company, and you do so at your own risk.
CONSENT TO TRANSFER
This Web Site is operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using the Web Site or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.
ACCEPTANCE & PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
By using this Web Site, you accept our privacy practices, as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Company reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time. We will post any new or revised policies on the Web Site.
However, Company will use your personally identifiable information in a manner consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time you submitted the information, unless you consent to the new or revised policy.
CONTACT US
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us by e-mail at Questions@BigCrowds.com or by telephone at (818) 985-8811.
This Privacy Policy has an Effective Date of 10/13/05.
(NEW) PRIVACY POLICY
copyright © 2020 Audience Associates - All rights reserved.
Powered by InTicketing.com