https://www.weekendgoldminers.com/privacy-policy/
MENU
Home
Club Info
Club Newsletters
Contact Us
Membership
Application Forms
Rules and Regulations
In the News
Properties
Etowah River Property
Tesnatee River Property
Events
Forums
Photos
GA Gold Links
Weather
Privacy Policy
Effective date: December 13, 2019
Weekend Gold Miners (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://www.weekendgoldminers.com website (hereinafter referred to as the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy for Weekend Gold Miners is created with the help of the PrivacyPolicies.com Privacy Policy Generator.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.weekendgoldminers.com
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. You can learn more how to manage cookies in the Browser Cookies Guide.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Weekend Gold Miners uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Weekend Gold Miners will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Weekend Gold Miners may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Weekend Gold Miners
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: webmaster@weekendgoldminers.com
Comments are closed.
Member Login
Log inRegister
Forum Search
Club Announcements
RE: From The WEGM President
Is there any plans at this time to reopen the propertie...
By hooodis, 1 month ago
WEGM June 6, 2020 Meetings
Board Meeting at 5:00 P.M.General Meeting at 7:00 P.M. ...
By admin, 7 months ago
From The WEGM President
The decision to close the properties was not made light...
By admin, 8 months ago
State of Georgia Executive Order
By admin, 8 months ago
Club EventsCurrent Month
Recent Posts
WEGM Newsletter November 2020
WEGM Newsletter October 2020
Club Picnic 2020
WEGM Newsletter September 2020
WEGM Newsletter Aug 2020
WEGM Newsletter July 2020
Gold Found by Members
Member Photos
Recent Forum Posts
Properties for Sale?
By hooodis, 1 month ago
End of year Meeting and raffle
By GAAUman1975, 4 months ago
4" Keene Dredge w/air and several upgrades
By JasonC, 5 months ago
Life time membership
By Joyce Grissom, 7 months ago
WEGM June 6, 2020 Meetings
By admin, 7 months ago
Club Event CalendarCurrent Month
Recent Posts
WEGM Newsletter November 2020
WEGM Newsletter October 2020
Club Picnic 2020
WEGM Newsletter September 2020
WEGM Newsletter Aug 2020
WEGM Newsletter July 2020
WEGM Newsletter June 2020
WEGM Newsletter March 2020
Home
Contact Us
Events
Forums
Member Photo Galleries
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Weekend Gold Miners Club |
Powered by Wordpress.
Designed by Themnific
X