http://www.zoomwhales.com/privacy.shtml
Login
|
Sign Up
|
Print Page
Home
Site Index
What's New
Free Sample Pages
Login
Subscribe
About Us
Contact Us
Advertisement. EnchantedLearning.com is a user-supported site.Site members have full access to an ad-free, print-friendly version of the site.Click here to learn more. Privacy Policy We Respect Your PrivacyEnchanted Learning does not collect personally identifiable information from users as they visit our web pages.Enchanted Learning does not track individual users as they visit our non-members’ website.Enchanted Learning also does not track individual users using school subscriptions on our members’ website. School-account users do not have individual logins to Enchanted Learning; everybody on a school account logs in using the same username and password. We do not have student names, email addresses, or any other personally identifiable data. Moreover, we have no way to even separate one person’s activity on a school account from another person’s activity.We do not require registration. However, some activities at the EnchantedLearning.com website may be available only to members.For those activities available only to members, you will need to log in to verify your membership.Access to our members’ web site is available only to current members of Enchanted Learning (financial supporters). Entering your username and password is required to verify that access to the members’ site is authorized. Note that payment is required, and any personal information obtained (including possibly name, email address, postal address, and/or telephone number) is from somebody 18 years or older who has made a payment. We will not release any such personal information to a third party, nor will we use it except in connection with administering your membership in Enchanted Learning (such as emailing membership confirmations and expiration notices to you). (If any personal information is from a child, which would be against our rules in any case, a parent has the right to review it and delete it at any time. Our contact information is below.)Enchanted Learning does not save customers’ credit card or debit card numbers on file; when you make a purchase, these go directly to Bank of America’s credit card processor to be charged, and Enchanted Learning does not get the full numbers at all. We do not do automatic renewals of memberships (we don’t save card numbers, so we couldn’t).If you send us a question for which you would like a reply by email, we will use your email address only to respond to your question. We will not use your email address for any other purpose, and we will not release it to any third party.We do not currently offer a newsletter, although we have in the past. If you subscribe to an Enchanted Learning newsletter, we use your email address only to email the newsletter to you. We will not use your email address for any other purpose, and we will not release it to any third party.For the record, we do not collect any personally identifying information from children under 13 years old.If you purchase a membership to the site, we will not sell or otherwise provide any personal information (name, postal address, email address, telephone number, etc.) to any other party. Such information is used only to fill your order. (You must be at least 18 years of age to make a purchase or a contribution.)Our members’ website has no advertising on it, so the information below on advertising applies only to the non-members’ website. (For example, visiting our members’ website does not give you cookies from Google or from any website other than Enchanted Learning.)Some of our web pages on our non-members’ website have advertisements on them. No personally identifiable information (name, address, email address, telephone number, etc.) is collected on our web site by or for an advertiser or any other third party. Neither we nor our advertisers serve behavioral or interest-based ads on our website.We use Google as a vendor to serve ads on our non-members’ website. Enchanted Learning has selected Child-Directed Treatment under Google Webmaster Tools to prevent visit information from being transmitted to advertisers, and we have disabled interest-based and third-party (non-Google) advertising. The Enchanted Learning website is fully COPPA-compliant.Google generally uses its own cookies and a DoubleClick DART cookie, but Enchanted Learning has opted out of Google’s typical usage of these (on many websites, Google serves ads to users based on their prior visits to sites on the Internet, and Google also uses information about your visits to those other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you, but we have set up our advertising with Google so that Google does not do that on Enchanted Learning). For more information, or to opt out of the use of the DoubleClick DART cookie for websites other than Enchanted Learning that make use of it, please click here to visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy page.Parents have the right to review and delete any personal information that their child has submitted (doing so would have been against our rules in the first place). Our contact information appears below.Email privacy@EnchantedLearning.com with any questions, comments, or requests. Or you can telephone us at (206) 232-4880, or contact us by U.S. mail at: Enchanted Learning, LLC, PO Box 799, Mercer Island, WA 98040-0799. Other Links:
Search the site:
Page of the Day
Anaconda Read and Answer Quiz December 10, 2020
Holidays Coming Down the Pike!
First Night of Hanukkah December 10, 2020
Last Night of Hanukkah December 17, 2020
Winter Solstice - Start of Winter December 21, 2020 10:03 AM GMT
Christmas December 25, 2020
Kwanzaa Starts December 26, 2020
Site Subjects
English
World Languages
Social Studies
Math
Science
Health
Arts & Crafts
Music
Age-Themed Groups
Preschool and Kindergarten Activities
K-3 Themes
College SAT Matcher
Activities
Crafts
Coloring
Label Me! Printouts
Graphic Organizers
Books to Print
Essays to Write
Poetry
Cloze Activities
Drawing Activities
Writing Activities
Teacher Resources
Calendars
Generate Your Own Worksheets
Vocabulary Word Lists
Advertisement.
Site Overview
What's New
Enchanted Learning Home
Monthly Activity Calendar
Books to Print
Site Index
K-3
Crafts
K-3 Themes
Little Explorers
Picture Dictionary
PreK/K Activities
Rebus Rhymes
Stories
Writing
Cloze Activities
Essay Topics
Newspaper
Writing Activities
Parts of Speech
Fiction
The Test of Time
iPhone App
TapQuiz Maps - free iPhone Geography game
Biology
Animal Printouts
Biology Label Printouts
Biomes
Birds
Butterflies
Dinosaurs
Biology Continued
Food Chain
Human Anatomy
Mammals
Plants
Rainforests
Sharks
Whales
Physical Sciences: K-12
Astronomy
The Earth
Geology
Hurricanes
Landforms
Oceans
Tsunami
Volcano
Languages
Dutch
French
German
Italian
Japanese (Romaji)
Portuguese
Spanish
Swedish
Geography/History
Explorers
Flags
Geography
Inventors
US History
Other Topics
Arts and Artists
Calendars
College Finder
Crafts
Graphic Organizers
Label Me! Printouts
Math
Music
Word Wheels
Copyright © 2014-2020 EnchantedLearning.com How to cite a web page - Our Privacy Policy - Site Index - Contact Us - Subscribe
Advertisement.
Advertisements.