http://www.emotrics.com/legal/privacy.html
Home | Search:
Terms of Use
Web Privacy Policy
As a former psychiatrist, I am concerned about privacy.
It is important that people can feel confident that the information I collect won't be released by me to other people.
People are not always aware of how the use of Internet technology can compromise our usual expectations around privacy.
All websites automatically track some information about the computers that access them.
Details are described below, but basically I will not disclose any information gathered through this website to any third party unless 1) I have specific consent to do so, or 2) I am compelled to by law because I have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on this Web site.
I will assume unless otherwise specified that information should be kept private rather than disclosed.
Information Collected
Web servers automatically collect information about internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time a page is visited, etc.
I do not tie this to personally identifiable information.
Cookies are data stored on a user's computer to enable recognition of that computer if it visits the site again.
No cookies on this site are tied to any personally identifiable information, and the site works fine if you just want to turn cookies off.
Links
Please note this web site contains links to other sites.
They will likely have different privacy policies, which you should read if you are concerned with how they will monitor and manage information they gather about you.
I have no authority over how they manage privacy issues, and can not assume any responsibility for their actions.
Modifications
Please be aware that this privacy policy is subject to modification at any time.
As I can't alert everyone who might use this site, it is part of the terms of use of this site that you, the user, are responsible for checking for changes.
Click on the button to
copyright © 2003-2018 Milton Huang
All rights reserved.
Last update: Oct 2018
disclaimer/terms of use