https://www.ceva-dsp.com/privacy-policy/
Search for:
Search
Last Updated: July 2, 2018
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) governs how we, CEVA, INC. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (“CEVA”, “we”, “our” or “us”) use, collect and store Personal Data pertaining to you (“you”) in a business context or as a result of your business interactions with you. “Personal Data” means any information that can be used, alone or together with other data, to uniquely identify any living human being.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, so you can fully understand our practices in relation to Personal Data.
Table of contents:
What Information we Collect, Why we Collect it, and How it is Used;
How we Protect and Store your Personal Data;
How we share your Personal Data;
Additional Information Regarding Transfers of Personal Data
Your Rights
Use of Anonymized Data
Use of Google Analytics
Use by Children
Links to and Interaction with Third Party Products
US Privacy Provisions
How to Contact Us
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time and, therefore, we ask you to check back periodically for the latest version of the Privacy Policy, as indicated below.  If there will be any significant changes made to the use of your Personal Data in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you by posting a notice on our Website or by other means.
1. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT, WHY WE COLLECT IT, AND HOW IT IS USED
If you are a customer or a potential customer of CEVA (including if you have exchanged business cards with us and/or when you attend a marketing events)
Data we Collect:
Name
Contact information (email, address, phone number, mobile number)
company
Department
Job Title
Product of interest
Birthdate
password for our customer portal
In addition, we collect log files regarding actions you perform with respect to emails you received from us
Why is the data collected and for what purposes?
To offer you potential deals and send you marketing and commercial communications.
Pre-sale services.
Respond to your requests and/or questions.
To provide you our products, services and support.
Legal basis
Performance of a contract.
Pre-contractual negotiation.
Legitimate interest (please note that according to Recital 47 of the GDPR, the processing of personal data for direct marketing purposes may be regarded as carried out for a legitimate interest).
Third Parties with whom we Share your Data
CRM platforms and related service providers
Leads and contact management companies
Website development, hosting and maintenance  companies
Webinar platforms
The above entities access your Personal Data from the EU/EEA, Israel and the US.
Period of Storage
During the term of our business relationship and/or until two years have passed since you have been identified as an active user.
Consequences of not providing the data
We will not be able to contact you, provide you our services and products, offer you deals, or engage in business discussions with you.
If you are using our Website:
Cookies:
Data we Collect:
Your IP address
pages you visit on our Website
Actions you perform on our website (such as link clicks, fill out forms, etc.)
Why is the data collected and for what purposes?
When you use our Website, we will collect and receive information collected from cookies implemented by third parties, in order to improve our Website.
For additional information about our cookie policy.
Legal basis
Consent as well as legitimate interest
Third Parties with whom we Share your Data
CRM platforms
SEO (Search Engine Optimization) consultants
Period of Storage
Until you choose to delete the relevant cookie
Consequences of not providing the data
We will not be able to improve our Website.
If you have registered to a “Contact Us” in our Website, subscribed to our newsletter or download resource from the Website:
Data we Collect:
IP address
Name
Contact details (email, phone, address, company, country, state, comments)
product of interest
type of inquiry
URLs you visited on the Website and all we mentioned above with respect to “Cookies”
Why is the data collected and for what purposes?
Responding to your query.
Sending you updates or news regarding CEVA and our products.
Sending you newsletters, professional and technical resources, invitations to participate in webinars, conferences and other activities.
Respond to your “Contact Us” or administrative request.
Legal basis
Consent as well as legitimate interest (please note that according to Recital 47 of the GDPR, the processing of personal data for direct marketing purposes may be regarded as carried out for a legitimate interest).
Third Parties with whom we Share your Data
CRM platforms and related service providers
Leads and contact management companies
Website development, hosting and maintenance  companies
Period of Storage
Until two years have passed since you have been identified as an active user.
Consequences of not providing the data
We will not be able to contact you, respond to your requests, offer you deals and products, or engage in business discussions with you.
If you are a supplier of CEVA:
Data we Collect:
contact person’s name and email address
company’s name
phone number
bank account details
company’s tax number,
Why is the data collected and for what purposes?
Making payments to you as a supplier of CEVA.
Legal basis
Performance of contract
Legitimate business purpose
Third Parties with whom we Share your Data
Tax authorities and banks as part of the payment
Period of Storage
For a reasonable period required for the purpose of our engagements and meeting our obligations under the applicable law.
Consequences of not providing the data
We will not be able to process your payments.
2. HOW WE PROTECT AND STORE YOUR INFORMATION
2.1
Security. We have implemented appropriate technical, organizational and security measures designed to reduce the risk of accidental destruction or loss, or the unauthorized disclosure or access to such Personal Data appropriate to the nature of the Personal Data concerned. However, please note that we cannot guarantee that the Personal Data will not be exposed as a result of unauthorized penetration to our servers. Nevertheless, we make commercially reasonable efforts to make the collection and security of such Personal Data consistent with this Privacy Policy and all applicable laws and regulations. As the security of Personal Data depends in part on the security of the computer, device or network you use to communicate with us and the security you use to protect your user IDs and passwords, please make sure to take appropriate measures to protect this Personal Data.
2.2
Retention of your Personal Data. In addition to the retention periods mentioned in Section 1 above in some circumstances we may store your Personal Data for longer periods of time, for example (i) where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax or accounting requirements, or (ii) for us to have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges, or (iii) if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation relating to your Personal Data or dealings.
3. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
In addition to the recipients described in Section 1, we may share your Personal Data as follows:
To the extent necessary, with regulators, to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and rules, and requests of law enforcement, regulatory and other governmental agencies or if required to do so by court order;
If, in the future, we sell or transfer some or all of our business or assets to a third party, we will (to the minimum extent required) disclose Personal Data to a potential or actual third party purchaser of our business or assets. In the event that we are acquired by or merged with a third party entity, or in the event of bankruptcy or a comparable event, we reserve the right to transfer or assign Personal Data in connection with the foregoing events.
4. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
Your Personal Data may be transferred within the CEVA group. We implement sufficient measures to ensure that Personal Data receives an adequate and consistent level of protection wherever it is transferred to.
Where we transfer your Personal Data outside of CEVA, for example to third parties mentioned in Section 1 above, we will do so in accordance with the applicable law while we will obtain contractual commitments from them to protect your Personal Data. To the extent that you are protected under the GDPR, we bring to your attention that some of these assurances are well recognized certification schemes like the EU – US Privacy Shield for the protection of Personal Data transferred from within the EU to the United States. In addition, we bring to your attention that Israel is a country declared as offering adequate level of data protection (see here: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en)
Where we receive requests for Personal Data from law enforcement or regulators, we carefully validate these requests before any Personal Data is disclosed.
5. YOUR RIGHTS
Among other, the following rights (which may be subject to certain exemptions or derogations), shall apply to you:
You have a right to access Personal Data held about you. Your right of access is normally be exercised free of charge, however we reserve the right to charge an appropriate administrative fee where permitted by applicable law;
You have the right to request that we amend any Personal Data we hold that is inaccurate.
You have the right to request the erasure of the Personal Data that relates to you. Please note that there may be circumstances in which we are required to retain your data, for example for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
The right to object to or to request restriction of the processing. However, there may be circumstances in which we are legally entitled to refuse your request.
If you are an individual protected by the GDPR, we hereby inform you that you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection supervisory authority (i.e., your place of habitual residence, place or work or place of alleged infringement) at any time. We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us before you contact your local supervisory authority
The right to withdraw your consent. Please note that there may be circumstances in which we are entitled to continue processing your data, in particular if the processing is required to meet our legal and regulatory obligations.
If you are an individual protected by the GDPR, you also have a right to request details of the basis on which your Personal Data is transferred outside the European Economic Area, but you acknowledge that data transfer agreements may need to be partially redacted for reasons of commercial confidentiality.
You can exercise your rights by contacting us at info@ceva-dsp.com. Subject to legal and other permissible considerations, we will make every reasonable effort to honor your request promptly or inform you if we require further Personal Data in order to fulfil your request.  When processing your request, we may ask you for additional Personal Data to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the Personal Data requested to you. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
In the event that your request would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others (for example, would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others) or if we are legally entitled to deal with your request in a different way than initial requested, we will address your request to the maximum extent possible, all in accordance with applicable law.
6. USE OF ANONYMOUS INFORMATION
We may use Anonymous Information (as defined below) or disclose it to third party service providers in order to improve our Website and services and enhance your experience with the Website. We may also disclose Anonymous Information (with or without compensation) to third parties, including advertisers and partners. “Anonymous Information” means information which does not enable identification of an individual user, such as aggregated information about the use of our Website.
7. USE OF GOOGLE ANALYTICS
The Website use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of the Website. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this Website, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other Websites they used prior to coming to this Website. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to maintain and improve the Website and our products. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this Website is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Service, available at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html, and the Google Privacy Policy, available at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. You may learn more about how Google collects and processes data specifically in connection with Google Analytics at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You may prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
8. USE BY CHILDREN
We do not offer our products or services for use by children. If you are under 18, you may not use the Website, or provide any Personal Data to the Website without involvement of a parent or a guardian. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from, and/or about children.
9. LINKS TO AND INTERACTION WITH THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS
The Website may enable you to interact with or contain links to your Third Party Account and other third party websites, mobile software applications and services that are not owned or controlled by us (each a “Third Party Service”). We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Third Party Services. Please be aware that Third Party Services may collect Personal Data from you. Accordingly, we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third Party Service that you choose to use or interact with.
10. U.S. PRIVACY PROVISIONS
California privacy rights. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to info@ceva-dsp.com. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.
Our California do not track notice. We do not track consumers over time and across third party websites and therefore do not respond to Do Not Track signals. We do not allow third parties to collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across different websites when a consumer uses the Website.
11. CONTACT US
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding our compliance with this notice and the data protection laws, or if you wish to exercise your rights, we encourage you to first contact us at info@ceva-dsp.com
If you are an individual subject to the GDPR, you can read more about your rights here: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks