https://www.wwpdb.org/about/privacy
Toggle navigation
Validation
Validation Reports
Validation Servers
OneDep Validation API
Deposition
Deposit Structure
System Information
Tutorial
FAQ
All Deposition Resources
Dictionaries
PDBx/mmCIF
Chemical Component Dictionary
Biologically Interesting Molecule Reference Dictionary (BIRD)
Documentation
File Format
Deposition & Biocuration
Remediation
Instructions to Journals
Task Forces
Validation Task Forces
X-Ray Validation
NMR Validation
EM Validation
Small Angle Scattering (SAS)
PDBx/mmCIF Working Group
Hybrid/Integrative Methods
FTP
PDB FTP Sites
PDB Versioned FTP Site
Statistics
Deposition Statistics
Download Statistics
About
Contact Us
Cite Us
Publications
Advisory Committee
Agreement
Outreach
FAQ
Privacy and Usage Policies
PDB50
About
Contact Us
Cite Us
Publications
Advisory Committee
Agreement
Outreach
FAQ
Privacy and Usage Policies
PDB50
wwPDB Privacy and Usage Policies
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains what personal data are collected by the specific service you are requesting, for what purposes, how it is processed, and how we keep it secure.
Note that this service collects personal data directly provided by the user, and also collects personal data from users that is provided by other organisations.
Deposition
1. Who controls your personal data and how to contact us?
The personal data in this service are jointly and equally managed by EMBL-EBI, RCSB PDB, PDBj and BMRB, subsequently referred to as the wwPDB consortium, and operating as a joint Data Controller:
The EMBL-EBI data controller's contact details are:
Rolf Apweiler and Ewan Birney, EMBL-EBI Directors
Email: data-controller@ebi.ac.uk
EMBL-EBI, Wellcome Genome Campus, CB10 1SD Hinxton, Cambridgeshire, UK.
The EMBL Data Protection Officerís contact details are:
EMBL Data Protection Officer
Tel: +49 6221 387-0
Email: dpo@embl.org
EMBL Heidelberg, Meyerhofstraﬂe 1, 69117 Heidelberg, Germany.
The Research Collaboratory for Structural Bioinformatics (RCSB PDB) data controllerís contact details are:
Prof. Stephen K Burley
Email: deposit-help@mail.wwpdb.org
Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, 174 Frelinghuysen Road, Piscataway, NJ 08854, United States.
The Protein Data Bank Japan (PDBj) data controllerís contact details are:
Prof. Genji Kurisu
Email: deposit-help@mail.wwpdb.org
Institute for Protein Research, Osaka University, 3-2 Yamadaoka, Suita, Osaka 565-0871, Japan.
The Biological Magnetic Resonance Data Bank (BMRB) data controllerís contact details are:
Prof. John L Markley
Email: deposit-help@mail.wwpdb.org
Biochemistry Department, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 433 Babcock Dr, Madison, WI 53706-1544, United States.
2. Which is the lawful basis for processing personal data?
Consent.
We require your consent to process personal data pertaining to all authors of the deposition session. Please ensure that you obtain such consent from all the authors of the deposition session. If you do not consent to us processing
personal data pertaining to all authors of the deposition session, we will not be able to provide you access to the service.
3. How will the wwPDB consortium use the personal data you directly provide?
We will use the personal data to:
Provide you access to the service.
Authenticate you.
Publish information (e.g., names of authors)
to facilitate scientific research.
Check that the Terms of Use of the service are followed.
Create anonymous usage statistics.
Communicate with you.
Where necessary, share with associated archives that the OneDep system interoperates with. We will seek a separate consent from you before we do so.
4. What personal data is provided by other organisations? How do we use this personal data?
Springer Nature, National Academy of Sciences (USA), American Association for the Advancement of Science, American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Elsevier, International Union of Crystallography (IUCr), and eLife Sciences Publications Publications and ORCID Inc. provide the following personal data:
Names
ORCID identifiers
And it is used to:
Publish information to facilitate scientific research.
5. Who will have access to the personal data provided by other organisations?
The personal data provided by other organisations will be disclosed to:
The general public according to the wwPDB consortium policies.
Authorised staff at organisations in the wwPDB consortium.
6. Will your personal data be transferred to third countries (i.e. countries not part of EU/EEA) and/or international organisations?
Personal data is transferred to the following organisations based in third countries and that together with EMBL-EBI provide the service:
The Research Collaboratory for Structural Bioinformatics (RCSB PDB) data controller contact details are:
Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, 174 Frelinghuysen Road, Piscataway, NJ 08854, United States.
The Protein Data Bank Japan (PDBj) data controller contact details are:
Institute for Protein Research, Osaka University, 3-2 Yamadaoka, Suita, Osaka 565-0871, Japan.
The Biological Magnetic Resonance Data Bank (BMRB) data controller contact details are:
Biochemistry Department, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 433 Babcock Dr
Madison, WI 53706-1544, United States.
7. How long do we keep your personal data?
Any personal data directly obtained from you will be retained even if the service is withdrawn. We will keep the personal data for the minimum amount of time possible to ensure legal compliance and to facilitate internal and external audits if they arise.
Any personal data not directly obtained from you will be retained even after the service is no longer running. The wwPDB consortium will keep the personal data for the minimum amount of time possible to ensure legal compliance and the possibility to undergo internal and external audits.
8. The joint Data Controllers provide these rights regarding your personal data collected through this service
You have the right to:
Not be subject to decisions based solely on an automated processing of data (i.e. without human intervention) without you having your views taken into consideration.
Request at reasonable intervals and without excessive delay or expense, information about the personal data processed about you. Under your request we will inform you in writing about, for example, the origin of the personal data or the preservation period.
Request information to understand data processing activities when the results of these activities are applied to you.
Object at any time to the processing of your personal data unless we can demonstrate that we have legitimate reasons to process your personal data.
Request free of charge and without excessive delay rectification or erasure of your personal data if we have not been processing it respecting the data protection policies of the respective Data Controllers.
It must be clarified that rights 4 and 5 are only available whenever the processing of your personal data is not necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation.
Perform a task carried out in the public interest.
Exercise authority as a data controller.
Archive for purposes in the public interest, or for historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes.
Establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
PDB Archive
Standard server log information, such as IP address is collected and assessed on an aggregate, rather than individual, basis in order to track download and usage statistics. Studying access statistics and usage patterns helps to project future server needs and to meet the projected growth for user needs.
Customer Help Desk
Information submitted to the wwPDB Customer Service Help Desk to either deposit-help@mail.wwpdb.org or deposit@wwpdb.org is retained internally.
Email addresses are collected to respond to user requests and send notification when issues have been resolved.
All information is retained even if the service is withdrawn and only used internally.
Mailing Lists
Members subscribed to the wwPDB Task Forces, Working Groups, or Workshops/Symposiums mailing lists may opt out from receiving these communications by sending a request to deposit-help@mail.wwpdb.org.
WwPDB partners collect and store email addresses of the subscribed members and use them for communication among subscribed members only.
Usage Policy
Data files contained in the PDB archive (ftp://ftp.wwpdb.org) are free of all copyright restrictions and made fully and freely available for both non-commercial and commercial use. Users of the data should attribute the original authors of that structural data. By using the materials available in the PDB archive, the user agrees to abide by the conditions described in the PDB Advisory Notice.