http://www.conveyor-dynamics.com/index.php/legal/
Legal
Home » Legal
Version 3.0 : April, 2015
Legal and Copyright Information
Welcome to our website, http://conveyor-dynamics.com/ (the “Site”). These terms of use (“Site Terms”) apply to your access to and use of our Site, and each of the web pages on the Site, so please read them carefully. BY ACCESSING, BROWSING, AND USING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND ALL POLICIES AND GUIDELINES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. Conveyor Dynamics reserves the right to change or modify any of the terms and conditions contained in these Site Terms or any policy or guideline incorporated by reference at any time and from time to time in our sole discretion, and to determine whether and when any such changes apply to both existing or future users. If the Site Terms are changed, we will post the new terms on the Site and change the version number and date posted above accordingly. Conveyor Dynamics will post a notice of such change or modification to these Site Terms on the Site for thirty (30) days. Any change or modification will be effective upon posting of the revisions on the Site. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF ANY REVISION, DO NOT CONTINUE TO USE THE SITE. Your continued access to and/or use of the Site following Conveyor Dynamic’ posting of any change or modification will constitute your acceptance of such change or modification.
On-Line Store Terms
By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.
General Conditions
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is not entered, stored, or maintained on this site.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
Accuracy, Completeness and Timeliness of Information
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.
This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
Modifications to the Service and Prices
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
Products or Services (if applicable)
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy.
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor’s display of any color will be accurate.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.
We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
Accuracy of Billing and Account Information
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.
You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
Your submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Policy. To view our Privacy Policy.
For more detail, please review our Returns Policy.
Returns Policy
Click the link to review our Returns Policy.
Optional Tools
We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input.
You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools ”as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools.
Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s).
We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.
Privacy Policy
Conveyor Dynamics believes strongly in protecting user privacy and providing you notice of Conveyor Dynamics’ information-collection and use practices. Therefore, Conveyor Dynamics has adopted a Privacy Policy that you should refer to in order to fully understand how we use and collect information.
Copyright
All copyrighted and copyright-able materials on this Site, including, without limitation, the Conveyor Dynamics logo(s), design, text, graphics, button icons, pictures and other files, and the selection and arrangement thereof (“Materials”), are ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Copyright © 2012 Conveyor Dynamics, Inc. and/or its licensors. Except as expressly stated herein, none of the Materials may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior express written permission of Conveyor Dynamics or the respective copyright owner. Permission is granted to display, copy, and download the Materials on this Site only for the licensed uses set forth above; provided that, in connection with any such use, you may not, without the prior express written permission of Conveyor Dynamics or the respective copyright owner, (a) copy, publish, or post any Materials on any computer network or broadcast or publications media, (b) modify the Materials, or (c) remove or alter any copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the Materials. This permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed Materials.
Trademarks and Service Marks
Conveyor Dynamics, the Conveyor Dynamics logo, and the products and/or services described in this Site, including without limitation CONVEYOR DYNAMICS, CDI, CONVEYOR-DYNAMICS.COM, BELTSTAT, COMMINUTION TECHNOLOGIES, CT, GRANULAR DYNAMICS INTERNATIONAL, GDI, GRANULAR-DYNAMICS.COM, ROCKY, ROCKY DEM are either trademarks or service marks of Conveyor Dynamics and/or its licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Conveyor Dynamics or the licensor owner of such marks. In addition, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons, and scripts are service marks, trademarks, and/or the trade dress of Conveyor Dynamics, and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the prior express written permission of Conveyor Dynamics. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and Conveyor Dynamics names or logos mentioned on the Site are the property of their respective owners. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Linking
Your Links to the Site. You are granted a non-exclusive, limited license to create a hyperlink to this Site provided such link does not portray Conveyor Dynamics or any products or services offered on the Site in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner.
Third-Party Links. Conveyor Dynamics makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature or reliability of sites accessible by hyperlink from this Site, or of sites linking to this Site. The linked sites are not under the control of Conveyor Dynamics and Conveyor Dynamics is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any review, changes or updates to such sites. Conveyor Dynamics is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply affiliation, endorsement, or adoption by Conveyor Dynamics of the linked site, any information contained therein, or any products referred to or distributed therein. When leaving the Conveyor Dynamics Site, you should be aware that Conveyor Dynamics’ terms and policies no longer govern, and, therefore, you should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of the sites you visit.
Framing/Metatags. You may not use, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any Conveyor Dynamics trademark, logo or other proprietary information (including the images found at this Site, the content of any text or the layout/design of any page or form contained on a page) without Conveyor Dynamics’ prior express written consent. Further, you may not use any metatags or any other “hidden text” utilizing a Conveyor Dynamics name, trademark, or product name without Conveyor Dynamics’ prior express written consent.
Submissions
You agree that any communications to Conveyor Dynamics are non-confidential (subject to Conveyor Dynamics’ Privacy Policy) and shall become the sole property of Conveyor Dynamics. Conveyor Dynamics shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, in, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use of, these materials for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. The submission of any materials to Conveyor Dynamics irrevocably waives any and all “moral rights” in such materials, including the rights of paternity and integrity.
Information About Us
Forward-Looking Statements. This Site, and any documents issued by Conveyor Dynamics and available through this Site, may contain statements which constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements can be identified by the use of words such as “believe,” “expect,” “plan,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “anticipate” or similar statements or the negative of these words. Forward-looking statements include statements made as to future operations, costs, capital expenditures, cash flow, improvements in infrastructure, distribution and replenishment systems and operating efficiencies, sales and earnings estimates or trends and expansion plans and projections. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations. Known and unknown internal and external risks and uncertainties may cause the actual results to be materially different from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. Conveyor Dynamics undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date the statements were made.
Press Releases. The information contained within press releases issued by Conveyor Dynamics should not be deemed accurate or current except as of the date the release was posted. Conveyor Dynamics has no intention of updating, and specifically disclaims any duty to update the information in the press releases. To the extent any information therein is forward-looking, it is intended to fit within all safe harbors applicable to forward-looking statements, and is subject to material risk.
Disclaimers
“AS IS” BASIS. THE SITE AND THE MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS,” AS AVAILABLE BASIS AND CONVEYOR DYNAMICS MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR OTHER LINKED-TO SITES, OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES INCLUDED IN THIS SITE OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE SITE. NO STATEMENT BY CONVEYOR DYNAMICS, REGARDLESS OF FORM, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE SITE AND ALL CONTENT AND MATERIALS ACCESSED FROM OR THROUGH THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. CONVEYOR DYNAMICS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANT-ABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AS TO THE SITE AND ALL INFORMATION, MATERIALS, CONTENT, SERVICES AND PRODUCTS ACCESSED THROUGH THE SITE. CONVEYOR DYNAMICS DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT MATERIALS IN THIS SITE ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE SITE OR CONTENT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT DEFECTS, IF ANY, WILL BE CORRECTED. WHILE CONVEYOR DYNAMICS ATTEMPTS TO ENSURE YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE IS SAFE, CONVEYOR DYNAMICS CANNOT AND DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THIS SITE OR ITS SERVER(S) ARE SECURE, OR FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
Applicable Law and Venue
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington applicable to agreements made and entirely to be performed within the State of Washington, without resort to its conflict of law provisions. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms and conditions shall be filed only in state or federal court located in Seattle, Washington, and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of these terms and conditions.
Severability
If any provision of these Site Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforce-ability of any remaining provisions.
Enforcement
Any unauthorized use of this Site will terminate the permission and license granted by these Site Terms and may violate applicable law, including copyright laws, trademark (including trade dress) laws, and communications regulations and statutes. All violators may be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
Contact Information
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us at cdi@conveyor-dynamics.com.
Legal was last modified:
April 24th, 2015 by CDI