https://www.industrialtechnology.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
Main Information
Home
Magazine
Industrial Technology
Previous Issues
Issue News
Become a reader
Overseas Readers
Request a Media Pack
Get our eNewsletter
Get the App
Become areader
Advertisers
Products
News
News stories
Blog
View requests
CompanyProfiles
Directory
Suppliers Directory
Social MediaDirectory
Downloads
Brochures
White Papers
Reports
Contact
Contact us
About Us
Request a Media Pack
Become a reader
Get our eNewsletter
Useful Links
Site Map
IT EXTRA
VirtualExhibition
Share this page
X
Latest Issue
Diary and Events
Southern Manufacturing
Farnborough, Hants(GU14 6TQ)
20/04/2021 - 22/04/2021
Southern Manufacturing and Electronics
is the most comprehensive annual industrial exhibition in the (more)
PPMA Show 2021
NEC, Birmingham(B40 1NT)
28/09/2021 - 30/09/2021
PPMA Show 2021 will be the UK’s largest ever event dedicated to state-of-the-art processing and (more)
Advanced Engineering 2021
NEC Birmingham(B40 1NT)
03/11/2021 - 04/11/2021
Join us in our 12th and most important edition to date, as we invite engineers and management from all (more)
x Close
Details
Home
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Industrial Technology, Industrial Technology EXTRA and the Industrial Technology eNewsletters collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from visitors / users (each, a "User") of the www.industrialtechnology.co.uk website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Industrial Technology Ltd.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Downloads
If you have your system set to block pop-ups you may not be able to download brochures, white papers or reports. In that case use the direct download button that will appear.
How we use collected information
Industrial Technology, Industrial Technology EXTRA and the Industrial Technology eNewsletters may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
- To improve customer service:
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
- To personalize user experience:
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
- To improve our Site:
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
- To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature:
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
- To send periodic emails:
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, they may do so by contacting us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information:
We do not sell, trade, or rent users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Changes to this privacy policy
Industrial Technology has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms:
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
We adhere to all personal rights under UK GDPR policy
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Industrial Technology
Victoria House
2 Mornington Road
Sale, Cheshire UK
M33 2DA
+44 161 374 5615
it.marketing(at)itmagazine.uk.com
This document was last updated on 2nd October 2020
x Close
Document request
Document request for
All fields are required
Title
Mr.
Miss.
Ms.
Dr.
Prof.
Mrs.
First name
Surname
Company name
Email
Additional Information
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Text styles
T
Contact : Industrial Technology Media Ltd, Victoria House, 2 Mornington Road, Sale, Cheshire, M33 2DATelephone : 0161 374 5615E-Mail : it.info@itmagazine.uk.com