http://www.utc.edu/about/privacy.php
Privacy Statement
Skip to Main Content
UTC.edu
Students
Faculty & Staff
Alumni
Parents
Search: Search
SelfCheck
O365
Class Schedule
MyMocsNet
UTC Learn (Canvas)
UTC Home
Apply
Menu
Section Menu
UTC/About UTC/Privacy
About UTC
Administrative Departments
Administrative Departments
Academic Support Departments
Campus BuildingsChapels
Shakespeare Garden Information
Exterior Spaces
Patten House
Contact Us
FAQs
Academics and Majors
Accreditations and Memberships
Administration and Outreach
Admissions
Alumni and Friends
Contact Information
Money Matters
Student Resources
Library and Research
Campus Life
Chattanooga Community
Emergency Preparedness
Faculty and Staff Resources
History of UTC
How to get to UTC
Institutional Vision, Mission, Core Values
Oak Ridge Associated Universities
Overview of UTC
Compliance With European Union General Data Protection Regulation
Privacy Statement
We know that your privacy is very important to you.
Information we collect
UTC collects the domain name and IP address, but not the e-mail address of visitors
to www.utc.edu. We collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us via
email or those who create accounts on www.utc.edu. We also collect aggregate information
on pages users access or visit and information volunteered by the user, such as survey responses and/or
website account registrations.
Information on UTC compliance with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation, is
at: utc.edu/gdpr.
Cookies
Cookies are files that websites transfer to users’ web browsers to enable the site
to deliver personalized services or provide persistent authentication. Information
contained in a cookie typically includes information collected automatically by the
web server and/or information provided voluntarily by the user. Our website uses persistent
cookies in conjunction with a third-party technology partner to analyze search engine
usage and web traffic patterns. This information is used in the aggregate to monitor
and enhance our web pages. It is not used to track usage patterns of individual users.
Social Media content and sharing
Some pages on www.utc.edu display social media content. “Sharing” features of social media content furnish anonymous browsing data (for users
not logged in to social media services) and/or personally identifiable data (for users
logged in to those services).
Web forms and voluntary submission of information
Some pages on www.utc.edu contain web forms to collect information from the user.
The information collected is used by UTC academic and business units and is not stored
in a secure manner. Users should not submit sensitive personal, financial, business
or academic information via web forms on www.utc.edu.
Application for admission to the University, enrollment in programs and courses
Some pages on www.utc.edu link to an external system at utc.radiusbycampusmgmt.com.
This is the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) platform used by the University.
It is used to identify and track potential and current applicants, and it does collect
personally indentifiable information. This data is closely held by the University
and stored in a secure manner. Users who have questions about data submitted through
utc.radiusbycampusmgmt.com should contact UTC Strategic Enrollment Technology.
Third-party data collection
Our analytics and quality assurance provider, SiteImprove, uses cookies and web beacons
to track user behavior to help us improve content and user experience, and provide
measurement services.
BrightEdge Technologies, Inc. uses cookies and web beacons to track user behavior
to help us improve content and user experience.
Automattic, Inc. collects information about visitors who comment on sites that use
the akismet anti-spam service, including blog.utc.edu. The information collected includes
the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer and site URL (along with other information
directly provided by the commenter such as name, username, email address and the content
of the comment itself).
ActiveCampaign, LLC  and LinkedIn Corportation use cookies and web beacons to track
user behavior in utc.edu/center-professional-education.
Other third parties, including Google, YouTube and Facebook use cookies, web beacons
and other technologies to collect or receive information from this website and elsewhere
on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted
advertising and suggest content based on user data.
Users can opt out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting by blocking
third party cookies and tracking mechanisms via browser or operating system settings,
browser plugins, or using a service such as http://www.aboutads.info/choices or http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
Those using the system should be careful to do nothing that might compromise the privacy
of users. All information posted within UTC websites should conform to the University of Tennessee's Privacy of Student Records Policy.
UTC
Administration
Emergency Preparedness
Employment
Tour UTC
Strategic Plan
Budget
Questions? © 2012-2020 University of Tennessee at Chattanooga. All rights reserved.
Title IX Statement | EEO Statement | Privacy Statement | Accessibility | Web Requests
A comprehensive, community-engaged campus of the University of Tennessee System
and partner in the
Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram  YouTube  Flickr  UTC News
©