http://www.venus.uvic.ca/legal-notices
Skip to main content
You are hereHome
November 4, 2012
Site Ownership
Ocean Networks Canada (ONC) owns this site and has exclusive control over its content.
Copyright/Permission to Reproduce
Materials on this website were produced and/or compiled by Ocean Networks Canada for the purpose of providing visitors and users with direct access to information about the programs and services offered by the organization and its divisions.
The material on this site is covered by provisions of the Copyright Act , by Canadian laws, policies, regulations and international agreements.  Such provisions serve to identify the information source and, in specific instances, to prohibit reproduction of materials without written permission.
Disclaimer
Although care has been taken in preparing the information contained in this website, Ocean Networks Canada does not and cannot guarantee its accuracy.  Anyone using the information from this site does so at his or her own risk; any loss arising from the use of information on this website is the sole responsibility of the user.  Ocean Networks Canada will not be responsible for any injury or damage arising from its use.  Use of the ONC website is subject to the Terms and Conditions of Use of Ocean Networks Canada website.
Accessibility
Ocean Networks Canada has an equal access policy, promoting equal access to all of its services, including its website, for everyone.  ONC’s website follows the strict design guidelines developed by the University of Victoria to ensure that they comply with the accessibility and web standard guidelines set out by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C).  If you encounter something on ONC’s website you cannot access because it does not follow either of these guidelines, please contact ONC’s webmaster at: info@oceannetworks.ca
Privacy Policy Summary
The following is a summary; for complete ONC privacy policy see our Privacy Policy statement.
Information Gathered Automatically
Ocean Networks Canada’s web servers log some information about Internet traffic on its web pages.  While ONC makes no attempt to link the information captured to the identity of individual visitors, these logs capture aggregate, generic, non-personal identifying information about visitors such as:
The Internet domain and Internet Protocol (“IP”) address from which you access its website;
The type of browser and operating system used;
The date and time you accessed our websites;
The uniform resource locator (URL) of the pages you visit;
If you linked to its website from another website, the address of that website; and
Your general geographical location.
ONC uses this information to help it make its website more useful to users by learning about the number of visitors, and by monitoring traffic patterns and the types of technology used.  The statistical information may also be collected for audit purposes.
ONC does not track or record information about specific individuals and their visits unless voluntarily agreed upon.
In some cases, the Internet domain or IP address of visitors could allow for individual identification, depending on the naming standards followed by your Internet service provider.  If this concerns you, you may wish to ask them about their policies and practices.
Visitor information is not disclosed to anyone except: to ONC and University of Victoria personnel who need the information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to a request, to deal with attempts to damage the site, or to respond to inappropriate behaviour on the part of a user.
Information Collected on Registered Users
To use certain features of the website, you may be asked to register with the website.  You agree: (i) to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by any registration form; and (ii) to maintain and promptly update the information you provide to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.  If ONC has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, ONC has the right to suspend or terminate your access to and use of its website (or any portion thereof).  ONC’s use of any personally identifying information you provide as part of the registration process is governed by the terms of ONC’s Privacy Policy.
Registered ONC users are required to provide email address and full name.
The personal information is collected directly from registered users either through email or an online form.   The personal information provided by registered users is related to and is necessary for the operating program of ONC.
ONC collects and uses this information to:
customize some of the content displayed
respond to inquiries and requests
contact users regarding events or new services available
improve services
identify (with the user's name) any contributions made to the website, such as forum comments, video or data annotations, file uploads or wiki submissions
compile aggregate reports to funding agencies on website and data usage (without including any personal information in these reports).
ONC does not sell, rent or lease user information to third parties.  We do not collect sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations.  ONC may access and/or disclose volunteered personal information if required to do so by law.  ONC may also access and/or disclose personal information under the following circumstances:
(a) to comply with a legal requirement including but not limited to one imposed by a warrant, subpoena, court order or like instrument;
(b) where ONC has reasonable grounds to believe that such access or disclosure is necessary to prevent or investigate any breach of an agreement or contravention of a law; or
(c) in urgent circumstances to protect the life, health or security of any person.
Passwords
To use certain features of the website, you may also need a username and password, which you will receive through the website registration process.  You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account.  You agree to notify Ocean Networks Canada immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session.  ONC cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from ONC’s failure or your failure to protect your password or account information.
Revising Personal Information
Registered users can access, revise and delete their personal information via the Profile web page.  This page also allows ONC to specify which types of personal information can be shared with other users.  If you wish to delete your account, send an email to info@oceannetworks.ca with the phrase “Delete My Account” in the subject line.  Your account will be deleted within 48 business hours.
Security of Personal Information
ONC is committed to protecting the security of personal information.  ONC uses a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.   ONC takes reasonable technical, administrative and physical precautions to keep data secure.   The data is stored on ZENUTECH.com servers located in New Brunswick, Canada and on backup servers located within Canada.   These servers are located in a facility with strict access control using keycard access, alarm codes, and video surveillance.   Data is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer protocol.
Deleting Accounts
Ocean Networks Canada may at any time, without notice, in its sole discretion and without cause, terminate your rights as a registered user of its website (or any portion thereof).  ONC may also terminate your rights as a registered user of the website if you breach any term or condition of these Legal Notices.
Deleting an account consists in removing all data that would allow tracing a particular profile to a specific individual.  Fields such as first name, last name, email address, and optionally introduced contact information such as the street address are removed from the database.  For statistical purposes and to maintain a link between contributed content (forum comments, file uploads or wiki submissions, annotations) and its source, ONC will keep an anonymous identification number in lieu of a name for input received from individuals who have elected to delete their account.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of text information that is sent to your browser when you access a website.  Your browser will return this cookie information to the domain where the cookie originated.
Ocean Networks Canada uses cookies to track how visitors use its site.  As such, cookies must be enabled.  Cookies are also used to help you fill in forms within the website.
Web-based Analytical Tools
The Ocean Networks Canada websites makes use of Google Analytics (or other web-based analytical tools) to assist in monitoring traffic patterns and the types of technology our visitors use. Note that Google Analytics (or other web-based analytical tools) uses cookies and JavaScript. Data collected (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google (or the web-based tool). For this purpose, the IP address will be processed and stored in the United States. Google may transfer this information to other parties when required to do so by US law.
Links to Other Sites
Ocean Networks Canada website contains links to third party websites.  These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by ONC of the contents of such third-party sites.  ONC is not responsible for the content and the privacy practices of other websites, nor does it make any representation or warranty of any kind regarding any third-party site including, without limitation, (i) any representation or warranty regarding the legality, reliability, completeness, timeliness, suitability of any content on any third-party website; (ii) any representation or warranty regarding the mechantability or fitness for a particular purpose of any material, content, software, goods or services located at or made available through such third-party websites; or (iii) any representation or warranty that the operation of the third-part websites will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects or errors in such third-party websites will be corrected or that such third-party websites will be free from viruses or other harmful components.
While ONC encourages links to its website, it does not wish to be linked to or from any third-party website which (i) contains, posts or transmits any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information of any kind, including, without limitation, any content constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, provincial, national or international law, regulation which may be damaging or detrimental to the activities, operations, credibility or integrity of Ocean Networks Canada or which contains, posts or transmits any material or information of any kind which promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual, could be harmful to minors, harasses or advocates harassment of another person, provides material that exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner, provides instructional information about illegal activities, including, without limitation, the making or buying of illegal weapons; or (ii) contains, posts, or transmits any information, software or other material which violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material which is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights, or which is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights.  ONC reserves the right to prohibit or refuse to accept any link to its website, including, without limitation, any link which contains or makes available content or information of the foregoing nature, at any time.  You agree to remove any link you may have to its website upon the request of Ocean Networks Canada.
Ownership
All materials displayed or otherwise accessible through the website, including, without limitation, news articles, text, photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips, video clips, computer software and code (collectively, the Content) are protected under Canadian and foreign copyright or other laws, and are owned by Ocean Networks Canada or the party accredited as the provider of the Content.  In addition, the website is protected under copyright law as a collective work and/or compilation pursuant to Canadian and foreign laws.  You shall abide by all additional copyright notices, information and restrictions on or contained in any of the Content accessed through the website.  ANY USE, REPRODUCTION, ALTERATION, MODIFICATION, PUBLIC PERFORMANCE OR DISPLAY, UPLOADING OR POSTING ONTO THE INTERNET, TRANSMISSION, REDISTRIBUTION OR OTHER EXPLOITATION OF THE WEBSITE OR OF ANY CONTENT, WHETHER IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OTHER THAN EXPRESSLY SET OUT HEREIN, IS PROHIBITED WITHOUT THE EXPRESS WRITTEN PERMISSION OF OCEAN NETWORKS CANADA.
Associated notices
General legal notices (this page)
Privacy policy statement
Terms and conditions of use