http://www.nanometrics.ca/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Breadcrumb
Home
PRIVACY POLICY
Nanometrics Inc. is committed to protecting the personal information of our customers and visitors to our site, the following policies and procedures have been implemented to ensure that any personal information provided to us will be kept confidential, safe and secure.
Why is Information Collected?
Nanometrics collects personal information about individuals in order to process sales, manage business relationships and provide up-to-date information on products and services.
Anonymous information about visitors to our website and social media is also collected, such as user’s browser type, type of computer operating system, and the domain name of the website from which the user linked to the Sites. This information is collected for Nanometrics’ internal use only, to enhance site performance and the user experience of the website, Nanometrics will never sell, rent, lease or give away your information to any third party.
Information on Nanometrics use of cookies nanometrics.ca/cookie-policy
What information is Collected?
Nanometrics only collects information that is pertinent and necessary to conduct valid business purposes and to keep you informed of product developments and upgrades.
Where is the information stored?
We take appropriate security measures (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. Information provided to Nanometrics is stored on internal servers and/or cloud servers or, when provided through our website, the information may be stored and sent to contracted webs servers located in the United States.
How is the information collected?
Nanometrics only collects personal information through voluntary means, such as via a product request form, signing up for email communication or contacting sales or customer services. Nanometrics will obtain your consent to collect and use your Personal Information. The method of obtaining this consent depends on the type of Personal Information being collected and used, including written,  verbal or electronic. When Personal Information is voluntarily provided your consent to its collection is implied.
From time to time, Nanometrics may provide you with information on products or services and other promotion content. If you do not wish to receive such marketing materials, an opt out option will be provided in the communication or you can contact us via email at privacy@nanometrics.ca. Nanometrics will only keep your Personal Information on our records so long as it is needed for its identified purposes, or as required by law.
Who to Contact to have information reviewed and/or removed?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email, fax or regular mail:
Neha Issar
Legal Counsel
FAX: +1 613 592 5929
nehaissar@nanometrics.ca
Residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”)
We generally process Personal Information in order to fulfill contracts we have with our customers and to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Otherwise, we will obtain consent from an individual in respect of processing of Personal Information if required by law to do so.  Further, individuals located in the EEA have certain rights under European law (including under the General Data Protection Regulation) (“EU Data Protection Law”) with respect to Personal Information, including the right to request access to, obtain, correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your personal data. Individuals located in to the EEA who wish to exercise these rights, should contact us at privacy@nanometrics.ca. Individuals also have the right to make complaints to regulatory authorities in respect of our privacy practices.
EU Data Protection Law sets out a number of different reasons for which we may collect and process your personal data in certain circumstances. Where EU Data Protection Law applies, the legal bases we rely upon include:
Consent
We can collect and process your data with your consent, where required by the EU Data Protection Law. For example, if you have given your consent to receiving marketing material from us.
Contractual obligations
We need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations. For example, where you have provided us with your email address to receive access to our Services, we will use this information in order to effectively deliver and communicate information to you in regard to such products and services.
Compliance with legal obligations
If the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data for legal compliance reasons. For example, we can pass on details of people involved in fraud or other criminal activity.
Legitimate interest
We may require your data to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests. For example, it is in our legitimate interests to (a) ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer and that we provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us, (b) to keep our Website and our Services safe and secure;(c) for measuring or understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you (including individual and pseudonymous analysis and profiling); (d) to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services (if applicable), and (e) to use marketing related information about you that we have lawfully collected.
Personal Information hosted on our behalf is stored in Canada and the US, however the Personal Information that we process in relation to you may be transferred and stored by our third party service providers at destinations outside the EEA that may not be subject to equivalent data protection law. It may also be processed by staff situated outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers.
We may transfer your personal data outside the EEA:
in order to host or store it;
in order to enable us to provide goods or services to and fulfill our contract with you or the company your work for;
where we are legally required to do so;
in order to facilitate the operation of our group of businesses, where it is in our legitimate interests and we have concluded these are not overridden by your rights.
Where your information is transferred outside the EEA, we take steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is subject to appropriate safeguards, such as where applicable relying on a recognised legal adequacy mechanism and contracts, to help ensure your rights and protections travel with your data and that your personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.
If you are an EEA Citizen, you have the following additional rights under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us;
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us;
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (for example, while we verify or investigate your concerns about your information);
to object to the further processing of your personal data, including the right to object to marketing; and
to request that your personal data be moved to a third party.
Solutions
Pegasus Data Acquisition Ecosystem
Pegasus Key Attributes
Low-Power Seismic Solutions
Ocean Bottom Solutions
Permanent/National Networks
Replacing Puerto Rico’s Seismic Network
Global Observational Seismology
Authenticated Global Monitoring Solution
Temporary/Portable networks
Strong Motion Monitoring
Structural Monitoring
Civil defense/Earthquake early warning
Shake Maps in Earthquake Early Warning
Custom Seismic Monitoring Services
Products
Seismometers
Trillium Compact
Trillium Compact Horizon
Trillium Compact Posthole
Trillium Cascadia
Trillium Horizon 120
Trillium Horizon 360
Trillium 120 Posthole
Trillium 120 Borehole
Trillium 120 Slim Posthole
Trillium 360 GSN Series
Trillium Compact OBS
Meridian Compact Posthole
Meridian Posthole
Accelerometers
Titan Accelerometer
Titan SMA
Titan EA
Titan Posthole Accelerometer
Trillium Cascadia
Digitizers
Centaur Digital Recorder
Pegasus Digital Recorder
PegasusOBS Digital Recorder
Meridian Compact Posthole
Meridian Posthole
Software
Apollo Server
Apollo Project
Athena
Communications
Accessories
Trillium Cascadia integration kit
Services
Passive Seismic Monitoring
Induced Seismicity Monitoring
Ground Motion Monitoring
Subscription Arrays
Athena Data Management System
Microseismic Monitoring (PFI)
Seismic Hazard Assessment Services
AI Analyst
Salt Water Disposal Monitoring
Structural Health Monitoring
Our Science
Article
Brochure
Case Studies
Presentation/Poster
About Us
Careers
Our People
Our Products
Our Perks
Our Positions
Our Leadership
Our Customers
LIGO
Israel EEW network
Transportable Array
Our Story
Authorized Dealers
News
Disclaimer/EULA
Full EULA
Warranty Statement
Contact
Search