https://www.nashvillezoo.org/privacy-policy
Today: 9:00 AM - 4:00 PM
Visit
Hours & Directions
Tickets
Today at the Zoo
Zoo Map
Our Animals
Mammals
Fish
Reptiles
Amphibians
Birds
Arthropods
Membership
Membership FAQ
Reciprocal Zoos
FAQ
Contact Us
Experiences
Upcoming Events
Boo at the Zoo
Backstage Pass Tours
Guided Tours
Baby Boom
Attractions
Grassmere Historic Home
Virtual Programs
Camps, Classes & Overnights
Homeschool Days
School Services
Youth Programs
Zoo Camps
Scout and Group Programs
School Group Trips
Community Outreach
Plan Your Event
Kids Parties
Daytime Events
After Hours Events
Weddings
Taste Catering
Our Mission
Conservation
Alligator Snapping Turtle Conservation
Clouded Leopard Conservation
Giant Anteater Conservation
Great Blue Turaco Conservation
Haitian Giant Galliwasp Conservation
Hellbender Conservation
Local Stream Conservation
Loggerhead Shrike Conservation
Puerto Rican Crested Toad Conservation
Rhinoceros Hornbill Conservation
Nashville Crayfish Conservation
Future Plans
Our Story
History
Support
Ways to Give
Donor Society
Planned Giving
Adopt an Animal
Online Gift Shop
Corporate Sponsors
Jobs & Internships
Volunteer
Tickets
Membership
Donate
Plan Your Visit
Become A Member
Buy Tickets
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Zoo Map
Tickets
Privacy Policy
Home Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (this "Privacy Policy") applies to the Nashville Zoo website located at www.nashvillezoo.org (this "Site"), which is owned and operated by Nashville Zoo, Inc. (referred to in this Privacy Policy as the "Zoo", "Nashville Zoo", "we", "us", or "our"). This Privacy Policy describes the Nashville Zoo's collection, use, and disclosure of personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies whether you access or use this Site via personal computer, mobile device or otherwise. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through this Site and does not cover any information collected by any websites to which we link. In addition, please review the Site's Terms of Use, which governs your use of this Site.
This Site is a general audience website that does not knowingly collect information from children younger than age 13 ("Children", and each, a "Child"). However, the Site allows parents to register their Children for various educational programs by providing the Nashville Zoo with a Child's name and birth date. Please review our Children's Privacy Policy to learn about the information this Site collects about Children, how that information is used, and additional information for parents and legal guardians (collectively, "Parents") with regard to information collected by Nashville Zoo.
The Zoo reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time without notice and, unless otherwise indicated, such changes will become effective immediately; therefore, please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of the changes. This Privacy Policy was last revised on June 15, 2011.
Information Collected
Nashville Zoo only collects personally identifiable information (i.e., information that individually identifies you, such as names, mailing addresses, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, credit card numbers, and tax exempt numbers) when you submit it voluntarily. There may also be times when you submit information about someone else, such as when you make a donation in memory of someone, or register or request a program.
At the time you conduct a purchase on this Site, make a donation, agree to participate in a promotion, or register for any of our educational programs we may collect and store your name, address, credit card numbers and other personally identifiable information. We need this information to provide services that you request and to let you know of additional services about which you may be interested. In addition, we use your personally identifiable information to improve our marketing, development and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content offerings and to customize this Site’s content, layout and services. We may also use your information to deliver additional information to you that is intended to target your identified interests; in particular, we may use your email address or mailing address to contact you regarding administrative notices, offerings and communications relevant to you on this Site.
We may also use or disclose information to resolve disputes, investigate problems, or enforce the Terms of Use for this Site. In addition, we may disclose or access information when we believe in good faith that the law requires us to do so.
In addition, to make this Site more useful to you, we automatically gather general statistical information about this Site and its visitors, such as IP addresses (and information tied to IP addresses, such as screen size, color depth, language, java enabling, flash version, page title, host name, referring source, and page path), browsers, pages viewed, number of visitors, services purchased, etc. In doing so, we do not reference you by name, email, mailing address, or any similar personally identifiable information. We use this data in the aggregate to learn about our visitors and to improve our ability to cater to their needs. We may use third party vendors to gather general statistical information about this Site and its visitors as well as to perform certain services on behalf of this Site, such as hosting this Site, designing or operating this Site's features, enabling you to register for or purchase tickets to events, enabling Nashville Zoo to send you e-mail alerts, or performing other administrative services. We may provide these companies with access to your personally identifiable information to carry out the services they are performing for you or for Nashville Zoo.
As part of our service, we also use cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A “cookie” is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us who you are, to give you easier access to repeatedly used account information, to gather statistical information about usage, to research visiting patterns, and to help target advertisements based on user interests. In some instances, our partners and advertisers appearing at this Site may use their own cookies. Your web browser settings, which you may change at any time, determine if and how a cookie will be accepted. By changing those settings, you can accept all cookies, be notified when a cookie is set, or simply reject all cookies. If you decide to reject all cookies, please be aware that you may be required to re-enter your information more often and certain features of this Site may be unavailable to you.
Contests and Promotions
We may offer contests and other promotions (each, a "Promotion") through this Site that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the terms, conditions or official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, your personally identifiable information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion or as required by law, such as in connection with winner selection or prize fulfillment or in accordance with the Promotion's official rules.
Employment
If you apply for a job with us via this Site, we may ask you to provide us with self-identifying information (such as veteran status) in connection with laws and regulations enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ("EEOC"), the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs ("OFCCP") and similar state and local regulatory agencies. Providing such self-identifying information is voluntary, but if you do provide us with such information, we may submit that information to the EEOC, the OFCCP and similar state and local regulatory agencies for business-related purposes, including, but not limited to responding to information requests, fulfilling regulatory reporting requirements and defending against employment related complaints.
Information You Disclose Publicly
This Site may permit you to submit materials, participate in forums, blogs, message boards, and may provide you with the opportunity to submit, post, display, transmit, publish, distribute or broadcast such content and materials, including your personally identifiable information, to Nashville Zoo or this Site (collectively, "Submissions"). Your Submissions may be published online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or later developed). In addition, we may publish your name, voice, likeness and other personally identifiable information in connection with publishing your Submissions or a portion of your Submissions, and we may use your Submissions and any excerpt from your Submissions in connection with our advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities. Please also see the Submissions to this Site section of our Terms of Use, which governs any content or materials you submit through this Site or to Nashville Zoo.
Please think carefully before deciding what information you share, including personally identifiable information, in connection with your Submissions. Please note that we do not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that you disclose publicly, share with others or otherwise upload onto this Site. We are not responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of any content, materials, or information that you disclose or receive through this Site.
Security
We employ commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your personally identifiable information, such as "Secure Socket Layer" encryption to protect your credit card numbers. However, no transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure so we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us. Please note that you are using this Site and providing us with your personally identifiable information at your own risk.
Transfer to the United States
If you are located outside of the United States, please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States and that by providing your personally identifiable information, you consent to this transfer and storage of data in the United States.
Your Choices
This Site may contain web pages through which you can correct or update some of the personally identifiable information you have provided to us through purchase of a membership or through which you can unsubscribe or modify the email newsletters or similar communications we send to you. Nashville Zoo will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable. Also, if you receive a newsletter or other similar e-mails from us and who wish to remove yourself from the mailing list you can do so by following the link provided in an e-mail received. However, please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your use of this Site, service announcements, notices of changes to this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use or similar administrative or transactional messages, and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you choose to opt-out from marketing communications.
Donor Privacy Policy
Nashville Zoo is committed to protecting the privacy of our donors. We will not sell, trade or share a donor’s personal information with anyone else, nor will we send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
Nashville Zoo Children's Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (this "Privacy Policy") applies to the Nashville Zoo website located at www.nashvillezoo.org (this "Site"), which is owned and operated by Nashville Zoo, Inc. (referred to in this Privacy Policy as the "Zoo", "Nashville Zoo", "we", "us", or "our"). This Privacy Policy describes the Nashville Zoo's collection, use, and disclosure of personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies whether you access or use the Site via personal computer, mobile device or otherwise. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through this Site and does not cover any information collected by any websites to which we link. In addition, please review this Site's Terms of Use, which governs your use of this Site.
This Site is a general audience website that does not knowingly collect information from children younger than age 13 ("Children", and each, a "Child"). However, this Site allows parents to register their Children for various educational programs by providing the Nashville Zoo with a Child's name and birth date. Therefore, Nashville Zoo provides this Children's Privacy Policy to explain the information it collects about Children, how that information is used, and additional information for parents and legal guardians (collectively, "Parents") with regard to information collected by Nashville Zoo.
Information Collected
The Nashville Zoo does not generally collect personally identifiable information from Children (for example, first and last name, mailing address or telephone number). However, Nashville Zoo may ask Parents to disclose the first and last name and birth date of a Child for one-time use of that information, such as to register a Child for an educational program offered by Nashville Zoo. After the Child's online information is used to fulfill the specific one-time purpose, such as attending and completing the educational program, we will delete the Child's information from our records and will not use it to contact the Child. Please note that we do not condition a Child's participation in any Nashville Zoo activity on the Parent or Child disclosing more than is reasonably necessary to participate in such activity.
Disclosure of Children's Personal Information
We do not disclose Children's personal information to third parties, except to service providers who provide support for the internal operations of this Site and who do not disclose or use the personal information for any other purpose. These service providers may provide support services such as hosting this Site, designing or operating this Site's features, tracking Site analytics or performing other administrative services. We may provide these companies with access to your Children's information in order for them to carry out the services they are performing for your Child on our behalf. These service providers have agreed to maintain the confidentiality, security and integrity of the personal information they obtain from us.
Parent's Rights
Parents have the right to review and request that this Site delete any personal information that we have collected and retained about their Child. This Site does not typically retain personal information collected about Children through this Site, but rather, deletes the information after using the information once for the purpose it was collected. However, if you would like to request that we delete any personal information we may have about your Child (for example, prior to our one-time use) or you would like us to refuse to allow any further collection or use of your Child's information please contact us as described in the following section.
Contact Us
Nashville Zoo, Inc. is the operator of this Site and questions regarding this Privacy Policy and use of Children's personal information should be directed to us via any of the following methods:
Mailing address: 3777 Nolensville Pike, Nashville, TN 37211, Attn: Webmaster;
Telephone number: 615-833-1534
E-mail address: pr@nashvillezoo.org
Changes to Children's Privacy Policy
Nashville Zoo reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy. However, we will use any Children's personal information in accordance with the Privacy Policy posted at the time of collection, and will obtain parental consent prior to using or disclosing such information in a manner materially different from the Privacy Policy posted at the time of collection.
Join
Privacy Policy