http://www.oceanologyinternational.com/en/conferenceterms/
Conference Terms and Conditions - Oceanology International
Skip to main content
Search
Login
Explore Oi
Oceanology International 2020
Oi Americas
Oi Middle East
InsideOi
Powered by
Menu
Bookto Exhibit
Registerto Attend
Home
About
50 years of history
Supporting Associations and Media
UN: Sustainable Development Goals
Visit
Why Visit?
Who will you meet?
What's On?
Travel & Accommodation
Oi Onsite Safety
Exhibit
Interested in Exhibiting?
Why Exhibit?
Exhibitor Package Upgrade
Stand Packages & Prices
Join a National Pavilion
Already Exhibiting?
Manage your participation
Free Lead Scanning App
Exhibitor Portal
Official Publications
Exhibitor Marketing Tools
Submit Your News
Floorplan
Dockside Demonstrations
Travel & Accommodation
Advertising & Sponsorship
2020 Exhibitor List
2020 Product Directory
Conference
Technical Conference
2020 Conference Programme
Careers Day
Ocean Futures Forum
Digital Content
Virtual Programme
Oi Connect
Inside Oi
Help
Covid-19 Information
Scam Warnings
Event Updates
Important Information
Admission Policy
Contact
You are here
HomeConference Terms and Conditions
Conference Terms and Conditions
CONFERENCE DELEGATE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Introduction
Oceanology International (Catch the Next Wave and Ocean Futures Forum) (the Conference) is organised and managed by Reed Exhibitions Limited (company number 00678540) whose registered office is at Gateway House, 28 The Quadrant, Richmond-upon-Thames, Surrey, TW9 1DN (the Organiser).
References to “us” mean the Organiser and references to “we” and “our” shall be interpreted accordingly. References to “you” mean the delegate completing a booking request for the Conference and references to “your” shall be interpreted accordingly.
All requests to register for the Conference are made subject to these Terms and Conditions and are subject to availability.
Delegate Fees, Booking and Refunds
Delegate fees for attending the Conference and any relevant workshops and seminars are set out on the registration booking form or can be obtained from the Conference website or on request from the Organiser.
To attend the Conference full advance payment of the delegate fee is required from the delegate immediately and shall be paid by credit or debit card.
Notice confirming your place on the Conference together with a receipt will be sent to you by the Organiser by email within 2 working days of the Organiser’s receipt of your booking request.
The Organiser reserves the right to cancel any booking to attend the Conference without giving reasons.
In the event that individual Conference sessions, workshops or seminars exceed capacity, places will be offered on a first come, first served basis.
Delegate passes/badges issued for use at the Conference are only valid for the named delegate and, subject to clause 2.7 below, cannot be transferred. The Organiser may request to be shown photographic identification of delegates during the Conference. If you cannot provide photographic identification matching your pass you may be asked to leave the Conference.
No refunds will be given if a delegate to the Conference cancels their booking or fails to attend the Conference. However, delegates may substitute another person in their place at no cost provided that this is notified to the Organiser on or before 28th February 2020.
To substitute another delegate, please email oi.helpline@reedexpo.co.uk with the following information:
your name
your email address
your job title and company name
the name of your replacement attendee
the email address of your replacement attendee
the job title and company name of your replacement attendee
the telephone number of your replacement attendee
You shall be entitled to a full refund in the event that the Conference is cancelled in its entirety by the Organiser or is cancelled due to circumstances outside the Organiser’s control. The Organiser shall not be liable for any flight and/or accommodation costs or for any other specific indirect or consequential loss, loss of profit, loss of business, depletion of goodwill or damage to reputation resulting from such cancellation. No refunds will be given for the cancellation of or changes to any individual session, workshop or seminar.
All delegates shall comply with the Oceanology International Admissions Policy set out at
https://www.oceanologyinternational.com/en/Admissions-Policy/
Conference Content
The Organiser reserves the right at any time to change the content, speakers, timing and venue of the Conference. Please refer to the online programme for the most up to date location and listings for the Conference:
https://www.oceanologyinternational.com/en/Conference/
All rights in all presentations, materials and documentation published or otherwise made available as part of the Conference (Content) are owned by the Organiser or are included with the permission of the owner of the rights. No (i) photography, filming or recording; or (ii) republication, broadcast or other dissemination of the Content is permitted. You shall not distribute, reproduce, modify, store, transfer or in any other way use any of the Content (save that use by the relevant delegate for internal business purposes shall be permitted), and in particular (but without limitation) you shall not (and shall procure that each of your delegates shall not):
3.2.1
upload any Content onto any website, intranet or shared system or include any Content in a database;
3.2.2
transmit, re-circulate or otherwise make available any Content to any third party;
3.2.3
use the Content in any way that might infringe third party rights or that may bring us or any of our affiliates into disrepute; or
3.2.4
make any commercial use of the Content.
To the extent that any Content is published online by the Organiser, the Organiser reserves the right to remove or suspend access to such Content at any time.
The Organiser is not responsible for the Content of any speaker’s presentation, such Content is the opinion of the speaker and not of the Organiser.
Data Protection and Privacy
By registering for the Conference you are consenting, under all relevant data protection legislation, to the Organiser communicating with you by telephone, fax, email and post and using your personal or company information for the following purposes:
4.1.1
the Organiser’s internal purposes which will include accounts processing and internal analysis of delegates;
4.1.2
publishing delegates’ company names on the Conference website, in the official catalogue for the Conference and/or in any other directory relating to the Conference or relevant industry, in each case whether in print, electronically or in any other media;
4.1.3
inviting you to other events organised by the Organiser or its group;
4.1.4
disclosure of information to contractors who provide services in respect of the Conference; and
4.1.5
disclosure or transfer to members of the Organiser’s group worldwide to allow the group to further develop its business and services to delegates.
Please contact us oi.helpline@reedexpo.co.uk
if you do not wish for your personal or company information to be used in any of the ways mentioned above.
Please refer to our online privacy policy for further information: https://privacy.reedexpo.com/en-gb.html?epslanguage=en
Liability
To the extent permitted by law, the Organiser’s aggregate liability to you, whether such liability arises in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, for any damages, loss, costs, claims or expenses of any kind howsoever arising, out of or in connection with any Conference booking (or requested Conference booking) made by you or otherwise in relation to the Conference, shall be limited to the amount of the delegate fee.
The Organiser will not be liable under contract, tort or for breach of statutory duty or otherwise with reference to any matter arising directly or indirectly out of or related to any Conference booking (or requested Conference booking) made by a delegate or otherwise in relation to the Conference, for any indirect, consequential, incidental or punitive loss, damage or liability or for loss of profits, loss of business, loss of use, loss of data and loss of reputation.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Organiser and members of the Organiser’s group, its affiliates and their officers, directors, employees agents and affiliates from all damages, liabilities and expenses (and all legal costs including reasonable attorneys’ fees, court costs, expenses and settlements resulting from any action or claim) arising out of, connected with or resulting in any way from any act or omissions by you or your negligence during or otherwise in relation to the Conference.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall limit or exclude either party’s liability for death or personal injury caused by its/their respective negligence.
Compliance with Laws
You agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning bribery, corruption and related matters in connection with these Terms and Conditions and the Conference.
You shall not offer or accept any financial or other advantage as an inducement or reward for any act or forbearance in connection with business transacted in relation to the Conference or to these Terms and Conditions.
General
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
No partnership, agency, joint venture or employee/employer relationship is intended or created between us as a result of these Terms and Conditions.
These Terms and Conditions (together with any agreements or documents referred to herein or required to be entered into pursuant to these Terms and Conditions) embody the entire agreement between us and supersede all previous agreements and arrangements. No warranty, statement, representation, undertaking or provision which may have been made or given prior to the date hereof shall be binding on the parties unless the same shall have been expressly incorporated herein, save that this shall not affect the parties rights in respect of any fraudulent misrepresentation.
Save as set out in clause 2.7 above, you are not permitted to transfer, assign, re-sell or otherwise dispose of any of your rights or obligations arising under these Terms and Conditions.
In partnership with
Endorsing Associations
Show dates & location
Tue 1 December 2020 09:00-19:00
Wed 2 December 2020 09:00-18:00
Thu 3 December 2020 09:00-17:00
Excel London,
1 Western Gateway,
Royal Victoria Dock,
London Docklands,
E16 1XL
Useful links
About
Why visit?
Oi Connect
Need help?
Cookie Settings
Coronavirus updates
Contact us
Live Help - Online
Live Help - Offline
Contact us
+44 (0)20 82712133
Meet the Team
Organised by
©
Reed Exhibitions Ltd.
REED EXHIBITIONS LIMITED is a private limited company, having its registered and principal office at Gateway House, 28 The Quadrant, Richmond, Surrey, TW9 1ON, registered in England and Wales with Company No. 678540.
Business activity: Activities of exhibition and fair organisers
VAT No. GB 232 4004 20
Tax ID No: 13960 00581.
OI Oceanology International is a registered trade mark of Reed Exhibitions Limited
Admissions Policy
Intellectual Property
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Safety & Security
Site map
Terms and Conditions
Contact
Careers & opportunities
Trademark
Cookie Settings