https://www.scansound.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to communicating with you in a professional manner and protecting your confidential information. All information provided to Scan Sound, Inc. will only be used in the ordinary process of handling orders and responding to customer requests. Scan Sound does not send out special offers or company news to anyone except those subscribed to our newsletter. Those wishing to obtain news and company updates are urged to view our Blog, our FaceBook Page or subscribe to our newsletter. The information you enter when placing orders or signing up for our newsletter is held in strict confidence and will never be sold, traded, or rented or shared with any other companies or individuals. Only those who have signed up for our newsletter or have asked to be kept informed of our products will receive news or company information by email in the future. If you have subscribed to our newsletter, you may unsubscribe by logging into your account and un-checking the checkbox for the newsletter. If you have forgotten your password, just click on the "forgot password" link and the password will be sent to the email address entered, provided you are a registered customer. Customers can contact us using the phone, address, email or form on the Contact Us Page.
When you browse our website, the following information is collected and stored: the computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number automatically assigned to your computer when you access the Internet); the domain from which you access the Internet (for example: aol.com, for an an America Online account), the website address from which you came to our site When you browse our website, the following information about your visit is collected and stored: the computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number automatically assigned to your computer when you access the Internet); the domain from which you access the Internet (for example: aol.com, for an America Online account), the website address from which you came to our site (for example: www.google.com,, if you came by clicking a link from a Google search); the date and time you arrived at our site and how long you spent here; the name and version of your computer's operating system and browser Example: Windows 7/Internet Explorer 8.0; the pages you visited.
We also use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us further determine usage of our site and sources of site traffic. It also improves access to our site and makes it easy for repeat visitors to place their orders. This website may contain links to other sites so please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.
ALL ONLINE PURCHASES ARE MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING POLICIES:
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
By placing an order, all customers indicate that they understand and will adhere to the terms and conditions of this web site. Scan Sound will attempt to fill all orders on the basis of product availability. Scan Sound, Inc. can not be held responsible if any of the items are discontinued without Scan Sound's knowledge. Every effort will be made to keep this web site updated. Scan Sound will substitute equivalent products in order to fill orders, if an item can not be procured or has been discontinued. All customers must pay for the items ordered, including applicable taxes, shipping and handling charges, which will be totaled and provided to the customer prior to shipment of the products.
TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS
Scan Sound, Inc. is not responsible for typographical errors or omissions relating to pricing, copy, photography, or application. Please use the product description as a guide to the product and the price listed. In the event of a pricing error, please contact Scan Sound to advise us of the error so it can be corrected. If a product offered by Scan Sound itself does not meet the description, your sole remedy is to return the item in an unused condition within 30 days from the date of delivery. Scan Sound reserves the right to refuse and cancel any order.
WARRANTY POLICY
Scan Sound, Inc. stands behind each of the products sold on scandound.com web site. The Scan Sound Product Warranty applies only to the original buyer in possession of the original proof of purchase. Scan Sound warrants its products to be free from defects in materials and workmanship from the date of purchase, or from the invoice shipment date (the warranty period). Please notify Scan Sound in order to solve any warranty claim in a speedy way.
We hope that you will always be happy and delighted with your purchases of Scan Sound products. If nonetheless you wish to return a product purchased directly from scansound.com for a refund, please  for a return authorization number (RMA#) and info on how and where to return it.
Unless otherwise specified in writing, each of the Scan Sound products are warranted for a period of NINETY DAYS from the original date of purchase. Scan Sound will be happy to repair or replace any item received in defective condition, provided the original damaged item is returned to Scan Sound freight prepaid. The warranty applies only to products sold directly from scansound.com to its customers.
During the warranty period, Scan Sound will repair or replace based on individual cases of a defective product or part of it, provided it is returned to Scan Sound freight prepaid. Scan Sound will decide whether to be deemed responsible for the defect or to charge the customer.
This warranty is not valid in cases where the product has been misused, mishandled, where unauthorized repairs have been performed without our written authorization, or where depreciation of the product is due to normal wear-and-tear.
DAMAGE, SHORTAGE AND INCORRECT SHIPMENT
If your purchase has incurred any damage during shipping, if you didn't receive the correct product or you think parts of it might be missing, contact us within 48 hours of delivery in order for us to assist you without delay. Carrier-caused problems must be reported to the carrier as well.
REPAIR POLICY
Please contact Scan Sound for further details on your options to obtain service and/or replacement parts for items which have been purchased from the scansound.com web site.
SHIPPING POLICY
Emergency, rush orders, and orders not regularly scheduled are subject to an added shipping charge determined by Scan Sound, Inc.. All orders are subject to a handling charge and will be added to the corresponding invoice. Scan Sound shall have the right to ship the Products at all times via its own vehicle or a carrier selected by Scan Sound. Scan Sound is not responsible for any duty or customs fees and the Buyer may be invoiced separately for these charges. Upon signature of receipt, damage to goods becomes the responsibility of the Buyer. As noted on Scan Sound’s packaging, all goods must be inspected prior to disposing of packaging materials. Damaged goods must be reported to Scan Sound immediately upon receipt with ALL packing materials still in Buyer’s possession. Ten (10) days after Scan Sound’s invoice date, damaged goods become solely Buyer’s responsibility.  Shipments are typically filled via a 3rd party fulfillment company. The amount charged for shipping and handling is based on the fees charged by the fulfillment company to complete the shipment. Freight charges may be charged to a customer’s own freight account, however the customer will still be responsible for a $3.00 fee charged by the fulfillment company for the shipment of each package.
Customers placing orders will select the type of shipping method that suits their preference, based on the shipping price and service delivery time frame. Shipment tracking information is automatically forwarded to the customer email address after their order has been prepared for shipment. We recommend that customers choose FedEx shipping for the most dependable package tracking and delivery. We also recommend that customers choose Express Shipping methods such as Express Mail, FedEx Priority, FedEx Standard or FedEx 2-Day service if the ordered items need to be expedited or delivered by a critical date. Please note that the US Postal Service does not guarantee 2-Day delivery for Priority Mail.  Most priority mail will generally arrive within 2 to 3 days depending on the best of circumstances; Deliveries can take longer during holiday periods or if severe weather disrupts mail transportation between Florida and your location. Keep in mind that FedEx Priority and Standard packages being shipped on Friday will typically be delivered on the following Monday. Please contact us before placing your order if you wish to pay additional fees for Saturday delivery.  Scan Sound, Inc. can not accept any responsibility for delays caused due to severe weather. If you did not receive the shipment tracking information, please contact us to request that we resend your tracking information. Customers are encouraged to use the tracking number and go to http://www.fedex.com/tracking or http://www.usps.com/tracking to check the status of their package based on the selected carrier.
CHANGES IN TERMS AND CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions, product specifications or to discontinue products without previous notice.
In case of discordance between these terms and conditions and what stated elsewhere, the most recent will apply. This does not affect your warranty rights.
Please check these pages on a regular basis for the latest version of our terms and conditions.
Click here to view our Return Policy Page.
×
OK