https://www.ngvamerica.org/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to content Privacy PolicyWhat information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.What We Use Your Information For?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)To process transactionsYour financial information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested. See below regarding use of your contact information as it relates to registration for our organizations’ educational activities and follow-up information dissemination.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site featureTo send periodic emailsThe email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.How do we protect your information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.Do we use cookies?No. In the future, if we elect to use cookies, we will post this change on our Privacy Policy webpage. In such case, a visitor to the site may choose to have their computer warn him/her each time a cookie is being sent, or he/she can choose to turn off all cookies via their browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting us directly.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?Other than the educational outreach function described in the sub-section incorporated below, we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Use of registration information provided for educational offerings (workshop/conferences/symposia)As a national trade association/ educational foundation whose mission is to promote further understanding and awareness of natural gas-powered and other clean vehicle technology and related deployment practices, NGVAmerica and its affiliate, the Clean Vehicle Education Foundation (CVEF), host educational activities (e.g., workshops, webinars, conferences, symposia). Non-financial registration contact information (except e-mail addresses) may be provided to sponsoring/ exhibiting companies supporting such activities as an extension of the information dissemination/ distribution function of our organization. By registering for these educational events, registrants expressly agree to the release of this information. At any time, registrants may “unsubscribe” from this data set by requesting so either by telephone call or via e-mail to the contacts listed below.Third party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer links to third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.NGVAmerica400 N. Capitol St. NWWashington, DC 20001 https://www.ngvamerica.org  http://www.cleanvehicle.org  jclarke@www.ngvamerica.org Phone: 202.824.7360Sign up for our Newsletter ! ! !
SUBMIT Something went wrong. Please check your entries and try again.NGV News & InsightsSee All NGV NewsComprehensive Study Reveals Natural Gas Buses Outperform ElectricDecember 2, 2020NGVAmerica Comments on U.S. Department of Energy’s R&D Priorities for Freight TrucksNovember 10, 2020Greater Emissions Reductions and More Cost-Effective Investment with Natural Gas Refuse Trucks vs. the Battery Electric AlternativeNovember 2, 2020Study Shows Comprehensive Alternative Fuels Approach Achieves Greater Emissions Reductions Than Single Technology FocusOctober 27, 2020