http://www.guralp.net/privacy-notice
+44 1189 819056 sales@guralp.com
Print
Email
Privacy Notice for the Güralp Website
Version 2.0 October 2019
This privacy notice sets out how Güralp Systems Limited (“Güralp”, “we”, “us”, “our”) uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website. At Güralp we are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy notice.We may change this privacy notice from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
If you submit a form on our website or contact us in some other way (e.g. by email) we may collect the following personal information:
name and job title;
contact information including email address and place of work;
preferences and interests relevant to our products and services; and
other relevant information such as personal views on our products, services or support
any other information you enter in a form
What we do with the information we gather
We use this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
to provide you with information and/or services that you request from us or which we think may interest you;
to respond effectively to any communication that we receive from you;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
to improve our products and services;
to develop records, including records of your personal information so that we can:
notify you about changes to our services;
periodically send promotional emails about new products or other information which we think you may find interesting, using the email address which you have provided;
to help us assess the effectiveness of our product development and communication strategy we may monitor if you open and interact with our marketing emails, for example, if you click on links within the email to information held on our website;
to enforce our Privacy Policy and other rules about your use of this site;
to protect our rights or property; and
to comply with a law or regulation, court order or other legal process;
We will retain your personal information for as long as is required for the relevant purpose or purposes for which it is held and processed, and the associated “lawful basis” (which could be on the basis of your consent, to fulfil contractual or other legal obligations or for your “legitimate interests”).
If you make an enquiry or request a quotation we may transfer your personal information to a Güralp distributor in order to provide as accurate a response as possible. In these instances, we require that all our distributors agree to treat all personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and to use it for the same purposes.
If your personal information is included within emails, these emails may be processed on the servers of an email hosting or customer relationship management (CRM) system service provider who is able to offer IT security at no lower level that that which we provide for our own IT infrastructure.
Other than a transfer to a distributor or CRM service provider (as described above) we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Microsoft Dynamics and Click Dimensions
Microsoft Dynamics is a cloud-hosted CRM system, providing a central database of customer account and customer contact details, allowing for improved management of the sales pipeline and progression of sales opportunities.
Click Dimensions is a third party add on application, which uses and augments the data in Microsoft Dynamics to provide website tracking (using cookies) and email service provision for bulk email campaigns.
Both Microsoft Dynamics and Click Dimensions are data processors for Güralp.
All data for Microsoft Dynamics 365 and Click Dimensions are stored on the Microsoft Azure platform in a UK based datacenter.
Both Microsoft and Click Dimensions are US based companies and are members of the EU-US Privacy shield.
You can read the Microsoft Dynamics privacy policy here: https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement
You can read the Click Dimensions data processing addendum here: https://clickdimensions.com/about/dpa/
Aweber.com
AWeber is the email service provider we use to process data for our marketing emails whilst we transition all of our customer relationship management activity to Microsoft Dynamics and Click Dimensions. AWeber is a certified member of the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework. You can read their privacy policy here: https://www.aweber.com/privacy.htm
Controlling your personal information
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.  Any request may be subject to a reasonable administrative fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes at any time, even if you have previously given us permission. To be removed from our marketing list you can either email us on This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or click on the unsubscribe button at the bottom of any of our marketing emails.
You have the right to ask us to delete your personal information
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. You can send an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or write to The Marketing Manager, Güralp Systems Limited, Midas House, Calleva Park, Aldermaston, Reading, RG7 8EA, UK.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. Your personal information will be held within the EEA and will only be transferred outside the EEA if the processor is recognised as having data protection security that meets the requirements of GDPR regulation.
Links to other websites
Our website and our emails may contain links to third party websites which may be of interest to you. We do not have any control over third party websites so we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Non-personal information
Each time you visit this site to read or download information we may collect certain information from your computer's web browser and may include information such as the following ("non-personal information"):
The type of web browser software you use (for example: Firefox, Internet Explorer, etc.)
The internet address and name of the domain from which you access the internet
The internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our site
The date and time you access our site
The pages you have visited on our site
Information that has been de-identified
If you only read or download information on our site, we do not collect or learn your name, email address, home address or other personal information about you; however, certain non-personal or anonymous information may be passively collected using various technologies, such as cookies, internet tags or web beacons and navigational data collection. Your internet browser automatically transmits to this site some of this anonymous information such as the URL of the web site you just came from, the internet protocol (IP) address and the browser version your computer is currently using.
What do we do with non-personal information?
There are no restrictions on the way we can use or share non-personal information. We will use non-personal information to help us ensure that content from our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device. We may prepare reports and other materials using non-personal information. Since these reports and materials contain no personal information, we may share them with others.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which our web-site places on your computer, if you allow it. If you revisit our site, we can read the file back (but nobody else has access to it, other than you). Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
There are two kinds of cookies: "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies. Session cookies are stored in your computer’s memory and only exist while your browser is open. They are deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies outlast user sessions and remain stored on your computer until they reach their expiry date or you delete them.
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you unless you have entered that information into a form on our website.  A cookie does not give us access to your computer or any information about you, other than that which you deliberately provide.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies when visiting our website. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Cookies on this website
We use persistent cookies on this website to provide links to social network sharing services and provide website usage data.
Click Dimensions
Click Dimensions uses cookies to track website usage information such as: Referrer, Key Words, Referring Host, Referrer Type, IP Organization, IP Address, IP Postal Code, IP Country, IP State, IP City, Browser, Operating System, Flash Version and Language, This information can be linked to records that Güralp already hold such as lead, contact, campaign.Click Dimensions also uses cookies to track page views: URL, Page Title, Viewed Date and Time, Domain, Host, Adobe (yes/no), Flash Version, IP Address, Type, Campaign, Browser, Operating System, Language, Referrer, Priority, Score, Duration, Keywords, Referrer Type, Linked Records (lead, contact, anonymous visitor, visit, IP Organization)
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to generate statistical and other information about website usage by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. We collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to our website, the URL from which visitors have come to our website and the pages they have visited.  The exact information which Google Analytics stores in cookies is described at https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage. This approach enables us to analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. From 25th May 2018, as controller of our Google Analytics account, we have had the option to limit the period for which that individual user and event data is retained. We have selected the shortest available retention period of 14 months, commencing from the most recent user session on our site. This retention period does not apply to aggregate data.Google will store and use this information according to their privacy policy and the Google Data Processing Amendment (effective 25th May 2018) that provides for GDPR compliance for the service they provide to us.You can view Google's privacy policy at https://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html and the Data Processing Amendment at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/3379636?hl=en
Contacting us regarding your data privacy
If you wish to write to us on any matter relating to your privacy preferences, you can send an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or write to The Marketing Manager, Güralp Systems Limited, Midas House, Calleva Park, Aldermaston, Reading, RG7 8EA, UK
Copyright acknowledgement
AWeber, Click Dimensions, Google Analytics, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics and Microsoft Dynamics 365 are registered product names of their respective providers. As such each of those product names is acknowledged as the property of the applicable provider.
Address:Güralp Systems Ltd.3 Midas House, Calleva ParkAldermaston, ReadingRG7 8EAUnited KingdomTel: 01189 819056Email: sales@guralp.com HOME ABOUT US NEWS AND EVENTS PRIVACY NOTICE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SUPPLY WARRANTY AND REPAIRS POLICY
This website uses cookies. You do not have to accept the use of cookies but it may impact your user experience. Click on the 'More information' button to find out more about the cookies we use.
More information
Accept
Mobile main menu
Applications Case Studies Products Surface Instruments Borehole and Sub-surface Ocean Bottom Seismometers Data Acquisition Software and Apps Power and Communication Product Enquiry After-sales Services Customer Support Common Questions Firmware and Software Technical Library Contact About Us Distributors