http://www.pca.state.mn.us/about-mpca/mpca-website-policies-and-disclaimers
Skip to main content
About the MPCA
Questions and assistance
MPCA website policies and disclaimers
Accessibility
The Minnesota Pollution Control Agency is committed to accessibility on its website. As part of that commitment, the MPCA makes every effort to comply with the State of Minnesota Electronic and Information Technology Accessibility guidelines and the federal Section 508 Electronic and Information Technology Standards where possible and practical when adding new material and updating pages on this website.
State of Minnesota Accessibility Standard
Accessibility: Section 508 Electronic and Information Technology Standards
Content on the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency's website is available in alternative formats on request. Contact the MPCA at 651-296-6300 or 800-657-3864. If you have a problem accessing content on the MPCA website, please notify us at webteam.pca@state.mn.us or call the MPCA at any of the numbers listed above.
Privacy
The MPCA is strongly committed to maintaining the privacy of your personal information and the security of our computer systems. With respect to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information, the MPCA makes every effort to ensure compliance with applicable federal and state laws, including the Minnesota Government Data Practices Act.
Minnesota Government Data Practices Act (Minn. Stat. § 13)
Collecting and using information
When you visit the MPCA website, the server that hosts the MPCA website automatically gathers and store certain information about your visit in a standard log file. This information does not identify you personally and consists of the following:
The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain);
Your IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
The address of the website you came from if you linked to our website from another website.
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors — to learn about what information was viewed, the level of demand and the topics of interest.
Except where specified, you do not need to provide personally identifiable information to visit or download information from the MPCA website. If you choose to provide personal information, for example by subscribing to an email list or submitting comments through an online form, information will only be used for the purposes you authorized. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we require that users of our online forms be 13 years of age or older. All information collected at the MPCA website becomes public record that may be subject to inspection and copying by the public, unless an exemption in law exists.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Security
For site security purposes and to ensure that the services available through the this website remain available to all users, MPCA employs industry standard methods to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this website are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act. Except for these authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits.
Email, form submissions and e-business transactions
Information submitted by site users through email, Web forms or e-business transactions is managed according to the Minnesota Government Data Practices Act (MGDPA).
Minnesota Government Data Practices Act (Minn. Stat. § 13)
If you submit a Web form or send an e-mail to the MPCA, the following information will be collected:
The email address and contents of the email; and
Information volunteered to complete the Web form.
This information is retained in accordance with state statutes. Any personally identifiable information submitted is used to respond to the request, forward the request to another appropriate state agency, or analyze trends.
Statute: Archives - Government records; Administration
Statute: Official records (Minn. Stat. § 15.17)
MPCA e-business transactions are processed using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol and 128-bit strong encryption to provide the highest level of security available.
When entering the e-business section of the MPCA website, your computer and our server begin communicating in secure mode, sending data back and forth in an encrypted format. You may see a window similar to the one at right, which some browsers display when you are about to receive a secure document. Click "OK" to begin receiving pages in a secure encrypted format.
Once in secure mode, the most popular Web browsers use clear visual symbols, such as a locked padlock
in the bottom left or right of your browser window to let you know that it's in secure mode.
The website address (URL) displayed in your browser will also change to "https://" The "s" stands for "secure" and indicates that your browser is in secure mode.
Information collected from an application submitted online will be treated in the same manner as the information collected from an application submitted on a hard copy to the MPCA. Please know that the information you disclose to the MPCA will generally become a matter of public record pursuant to Minnesota Government Data Practices Act, which means that the MPCA may be required to provide certain information in response to a public records request or in response to a warrant, subpoena, or other court order.
Web content
The MPCA strives to keep current all content available through its website by removing outdated material routinely. However, if you or your organization make decisions or take actions based on content from this website, the MPCA suggests that you save a copy of that content in the event that it is replaced or removed. The MPCA cannot guarantee that material will be available once removed from this website.
The MPCA is responsible for the enforcement and compliance of various state laws. This requires the collection of company data, and, in some cases, personal information. The MPCA manages this information pursuant to the Minnesota Government Data Practices Act (MGDPA), Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 13.
Under the MGDPA you have a right to challenge the accuracy of any personal data made available for public viewing on any MPCA website. If you disagree with the accuracy of personal information, please contact the MPCA Data Practices Manager at 651-757-2548 or in writing at: Minnesota Pollution Control Agency, Attn: Data Practices and Records Management, 520 Lafayette Road, St. Paul, MN 55155.
Disclaimers
Disclaimer of Liability
With respect to documents and information on MPCA's website, neither the State of Minnesota, the MPCA, nor their employees and contractors make any warranty, express or implied, including warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose with respect to the data available on this website. Additionally, the State of Minnesota, the MPCA and their employees and contractors assume no legal liability for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, data, or process disclosed herein and do not represent that use of such information, apparatus, product, data, or process would not infringe on privately owned rights.
Disclaimer of Warranties
The MPCA makes the information on this site available on an "as is" basis. All warranties and representations of any kind with regard to the information are expressly excluded, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Under no circumstances will the MPCA, or any of its officers or employees be liable for any consequential, incidental, special or exemplary damages even if appraised of the likelihood of such damages occurring. The MPCA does not warrant the information against errors, omissions or deficiencies of any kind.
Notice to contractors and subcontractors
The use of any of this information for work which is under contract with the MPCA does not relieve the contractor from any obligations assumed by the contract, or from complete and proper fulfillment of the terms of the contract, nor does it entitle the contractor to compensation for damages or loss which could be attributed to such use.
Disclaimer of duty to continue provision of data
Due to the dynamic nature of the Internet, resources that are free and publicly available one day may require a fee or restricted access the next, and the location of items may change as menus, home pages, and files are reorganized. The user expressly agrees that use of the MPCA website is at the user's sole risk. The State does not warrant that these services will be uninterrupted or error free. The documents and related graphics published on these servers could contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically made to the information herein. The State and/or its respective agencies and programs may make improvements and/or changes in the information and/or programs described herein at any time.
Maps and related data
The State of Minnesota makes no representations or warranties expressed or implied, with respect to the reuse of the data provided herewith regardless of format or the means of transmission. There is no guarantee or representation to the user as to the accuracy, currency, suitability, or reliability of this data for any purpose. The user accepts the data “as is." The State of Minnesota assumes no responsibility for loss or damage incurred as a result of any user's reliance on this data. All maps and other material provided herein are protected by copyright. Permission is granted to copy and use the materials herein for any lawful [noncommercial] purpose.
Disclaimer of endorsement
The State of Minnesota is a distributor of content sometimes supplied by third parties and users. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties, including information providers, users, or others, are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and do not necessarily state or reflect those of  the MPCA and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes. Reference herein to any specific commercial products, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the State.
Copyright
All material on this website is protected by copyright. The MPCA claims copyright on all intellectual property created by the agency and reserves the right to reproduce, distribute, or display the material, in addition to authorizing others to do so.
Some of the material on this website may be copyrighted by others. The MPCA cannot grant permission to use or reproduce others' copyrighted material.
Contact the MPCA Web Team for permission to use or reproduce any material on this site.
Links to other websites
Links to other websites are provided throughout this website. These links are provided solely for additional information as a service to our customers. The appearance of a link on any page does not constitute an endorsement, recommendation or certification by MPCA, nor should the presence of a link in any way be construed as a suggestion that the site has any relationship with MPCA.
When you link to another site, you are no longer on the MPCA website and MPCA Web policies no longer apply. Rather, you are subject to the policies of that new site. The MPCA is not responsible for and has no control over the policies or content of any third-party sites. The MPCA, in its sole discretion, will determine whether the external link meets the purpose of this website for the specified informational purposes.
The MPCA may provide links to outside websites. To maintain the integrity and usability of the site, the MPCA retains the right to remove, edit, or reject all hyperlinks, at its sole discretion, at any time without notice:
Other governmental units and educational institutions — The MPCA provides links to other federal, state, and local governmental units that provide additional services and information that users of the MPCA site may find of interest. Links may also be provided to educational institutions including K-12 school districts, intermediate school districts (ISDs), community colleges, and universities.
Non-profit organizations — The MPCA provides links to non-profit organizations that users of the MPCA's site may find of interest. The determination of whether to establish links to non-profit organizations is made on a case-by-case basis.
Commercial/For-profit websites — The MPCA provides links to commercial/for-profit websites if these sites provide useful and valuable information to users of the MPCA website, or where the linked external website is required or authorized by law. The determination of whether to establish links to a commercial/for-profit Web site is made on a case-by-case basis. Advertising, including banner ads, logos, buttons or referral devices of any kind, will not be allowed on the MPCA website.