http://www.qualitysafetyedge.com/privacy-policy
HOME
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Quality Safety Edge is committed to providing a secure and respectful shopping environment for our customers.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information that we collect from users of the Site.
What information do we collect from this Site?
We collect certain information automatically each time you visit the Site. This may include, without limitation, your IP address, the type of computer you use, and the web browser you use. An IP address is a number assigned to your computer when you connect to the Internet. Each time you visit the Site, our web server may automatically recognize (where possible) and collect your IP address. We may also use "cookies" and "web beacons." A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Among other things, cookies provide a means for websites you visit to keep track of your online patterns and preferences. A cookie will not allow a website to learn any personally identifiable information (such as your real name and address) that you have not otherwise disclosed. Web beacons, also known as clear GIFs or single-pixel GIFs, are small image files that we may place on web pages and within web-based email newsletters that we send. Working in conjunction with cookies, web beacons allow us to accurately count the number of unique users who have visited a specific page and the number of times those pages are displayed. We can also use web beacons to let us know how many people opened a web-based email newsletter.
We also collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us. Personally identifiable information is information that tells us who you are, such as your name and your e-mail address. We may collect this information when you register to use this Site and when you update and/or modify information that is maintained on the Site.
How do we use the information we collect?
We may use automatic information to customize your experience while visiting the Site and to evaluate and improve the design of the Site.
We use personally identifiable information for the purpose for which it was provided to us. For example, we may use personally identifiable information that you submit when registering for the Site to establish your online account, to send you information and reports that you may be interested in, and/or to contact you directly about products or services that you may be interested in. We may use personally identifiable information that you submit to apply for a job for purposes of evaluating your candidacy for any applicable jobs. We may also use personally identifiable information to send you e-mails about the Site, respond to e-mails, provide customer support and other similar matters.
We may use non-personally identifiable aggregate information to help us run and maintain the Site, study traffic patterns and generally learn about the usage of the Site. We may also use such information for purposes of system administration, to improve the design and content of the Site, and/or to enable us to personalize your Internet experience.
How is the information that is collected disclosed?
We may share information obtained from the Site with our Chapters, affiliates and subsidiaries and/or partners. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, (a) we do not sell, rent or trade with unaffiliated third parties any personally identifiable information that you provide to us through the Site, and (b) we do not share such information with third parties.
We may disclose personally identifiable information about you to third parties who provide services to us and who agree to maintain such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These third parties may provide a variety of services to us including, without limitation, hosting this Site, processing and storing user information, updating your customer information records in our database (including address verification), and sending or coordinating the sending of marketing communications on our behalf.
We may disclose personally identifiable information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may have breached our Terms of Use or who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other users of the Site, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. We may also disclose personally identifiable information when we reasonably believe that the law requires it.
Can users access their information?
If you are a registered user, you can access, change, correct and update the personally identifiable information that you provide through your membership account.
How do we protect the security of users' information?
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to reduce the risk of unauthorized access to personal information. However, although we employ such safeguards, information transmitted on the Internet and/or stored on systems connected to the Internet is not 100% secure. As a result, we cannot ensure, warrant or guarantee the security or integrity of such information.
Does the Site contain links to other websites?
While you are using the Site, you may be linked or directed to other third party sites outside of the Site that are beyond our control. Each of these third parties may have a privacy policy different from ours. Please review the privacy policies of these sites. We are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.
Opt-Out
To stop receiving future mailings or emails from Quality Safety Edge or to ask that your mailing or email addresses not be made available to other companies, please contact us at EMAIL .