http://www.jonesandstokes.com/legal/cookies-similar-technologies
A statement on social injustice. Click to read more.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Effective Date: December 31, 2019
Related Information:
ICF Global Data Privacy Program Overview
Privacy Statement
Below is information about how ICF International Inc and its affiliates (“we”) use cookies and other similar technology on this website.
By continuing to use this website you agree that we can place cookies and other similar technology on your device, including mobile device, per your agreement with our cookie consent manager. By continuing to use your mobile device to access this website, you agree that the following information may be collected: your unique device identifier, mobile device IP address, information about your device’s operating system, mobile carrier and your location information (to the extent permissible under applicable law).
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a site and allow a site to recognize your device. You can find more information about cookies at: All About Cookies and Your Online Choices.
Why do we use cookies and similar technologies?
Cookies do a lot of different jobs, such as letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences and generally improving the user experience. They can also help to ensure that the advertisements you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
Does ICF use cookies for marketing and analytics?
Yes, we may use information collected from our cookies to identify user behavior and to serve content and offers based on your profile, and for the other purposes described below, to the extent legally permissible in certain jurisdictions.
Some of the cookies we use don't collect information that identifies a visitor. For example –
Performance cookies (see cookie listing below)
Targeting cookies (see cookie listing below) where you are not a registered user
In other cases, we can associate cookie information (including information from cookies placed via our advertisements on third party sites) with an identifiable individual. For example –
If we send you a targeted email which includes web beacons, cookies or similar technologies we will know whether you open, read, or delete the message.
When you click a link in a marketing e-mail you receive from ICF, we will also use a cookie to log what pages you view and what content you download from our websites, even if you are not registered at or signed into our site.
Combining and analyzing personal data – As described above, we may combine data from publicly available sources, and from our different e-mail, website, and personal interactions with you (this includes information collected across our different websites such as our careers and corporate sites and information collected when you sign-up or log on to our sites or connect to our sites using your social media credentials (such as LinkedIn). We combine this data to better assess your experience with ICF and to perform the other activities described throughout our privacy policy.
Do you use any cookies from third party companies?
Some cookies we use are from third party companies, such as Demandbase, Google Analytics, Marketo Munchkin Tracking, Facebook, Twitter and Linkedin Analytics to provide us with web analytics and intelligence about our sites. These companies use programming code to collect information about your interaction with our sites, such as the pages you visit, the links you click on and how long you are on our sites. This code is only active while you are on an ICF website. For more information on how these companies collect and use information on our behalf, please refer to their privacy policies:
AddThis at AddThis Privacy Policy
Demandbase at Demandbase Privacy Policy
Facebook at Facebook Privacy Policy
Google at Google Privacy & Terms
Linkedin at Linkedin Privacy Policy
Marketo at Marketo Privacy Policy
Twitter at Twitter Privacy Policy
Does ICF use any non-cookie tracking technologies?
We may also use web beacons (including conversion pixels) or other technologies for similar purposes as above and we may include these on our sites, in marketing e-mail messages or our newsletter, affiliated websites, to determine whether messages have been opened and links clicked on. Web beacons do not place information on your device, but they may work in conjunction with cookies to monitor website activity. The information provided below about cookies also applies to web beacons and similar technologies. Conversion pixels are small codes located on a particular web page which are triggered when someone visits a page resulting in an increase in the conversion count.
What if I don’t want cookies?
By using our site, you agree that we can place cookies on your device as explained below. If you want to remove existing cookies from your device you can do this using your browser options. If you want to block future cookies being placed on your device you can change your browser settings to do this. For more information on managing cookies see All About Cookies - Manage Cookies.  Currently, "Do Not Track" initiatives are not recognized by our site.
Please bear in mind that deleting and blocking cookies will have an impact on your user experience as parts of the site may no longer work. Unless you have adjusted your browser settings to block cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit our site or click on a link in a targeted email that we have sent you, even if you have previously deleted our cookies.
What types of cookies are there and which ones does the site use?
We use the International Chamber of Commerce’s categorization of cookies:
Category 1: Strictly necessary cookies – These are essential to enable webpages or services you have specifically asked for. Without these cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided.
Category 2: Analytics and Performance cookies – These collect anonymous information on how you navigate our Website or Services, such as pages visited. All information collected by these cookies is aggregated and anonymous (and so is not personal data/PII).
Category 3: Functionality cookies – These remember choices you make to improve your experience of the Website or Services or to deliver a particular function, for example where you left off while watching a video.
Category 4: Targeting and advertising cookies – These collect information about how you use our Website so we can tailor the Website to you, including on future visits. If we ever allow advertising on our Website, which we currently don’t, this category of cookie would help to make advertising more relevant to you.
ICF uses both session and persistent cookies:
“Session” cookies are temporary and once you close the browser window, they are deleted from your device.
“Persistent” cookies remain on your device for a longer period and are used by the website to recognize your device when you return. Persistent cookies have an expiration date set by the developer and may be purged using your browser’s privacy settings.
For a full list of the cookies used by ICF on its websites, please click the "Manage my cookie settings" link below to access the preference center.  It is important to note that not all cookies may be used in all jurisdictions or websites.
Manage my cookie settings