http://www.merieuxnutrisciences.com/corporate/en/article/privacy-notice
agrochemicals
biofortis
consumer-goods
corpo
cosmetics
food-safety
pharma
water-environment
HomePrivacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Mérieux NutriSciences is fully committed to respecting privacy and protecting personal information.
In accordance with Data Protection Legislation, the purpose of this Privacy Notice is to explain how the Mérieux NutriSciences entities collect, use, protect and disclose your Personal Data. This Privacy Notice also provides information about your rights and how to exercise them.
1. DEFINITIONS
Data controller: means the person or body which determines the purpose and means of the data processing.
Data Protection Legislation: refers to the Directive 2002/58/EC, and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR), as well as any delegated and implementing acts adopted in accordance with the  GDPR and the Member States laws specifying the rules of the GDPR applicable to the data processing.
Data processor: means the person or body which processes data on behalf of, on instructions from and under the authority of a Data controller.
Mérieux NutriSciences: means Mérieux NutriSciences Corporation with all its affiliated companies, including Silliker Group Corporation France SARL.
Personal Data: means data that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. Some of these Personal Data may be considered as Sensitive Personal Data meaning that they may reveal racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership and genetic data, biometric data processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation.
Site: means the website merieuxnutrisciences.com/corporate and all of its subdomains.
DATA CONTROLLER
Personal Data collected through this Site is processed by Silliker Group Corporation France, an Affiliate of Mérieux NutriSciences Corporation, acting as the Data Controller.
Contact details for Silliker Group Corporation France:
113 Route de Paris Domaine de Montcelard
69160 Tassin-la-Demi-Lune, France
dpo@mxns.com
2. CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED
Through each connection to Mérieux NutriSciences Site, Data controller, or third parties on its behalf, automatically collect and store information about your device and your activities. This information may include:
Your computer or other device’s unique ID number,
Your IP address,
Technical information about your device such as type of device, web browser or operating system,
Your preferences and settings such as time zone and language,
Statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns.
Through your participation to online surveys and polls, your request for further information on Data controller including marketing and advertising materials, your subscription to newsletters or to any application form or similar inquiries, Data controller may collect Personal Data that you agree to provide or that is needed to provide or improve its services, i.e.:
Your Identity information (first Name, last Name, email address, gender, postal address, phone number) used to identify you and provide the services you requested,
Your Location information: used to adapt information depending on where you are located,
Or any other information you agree to submit.
Data controller may also collect your Sensitive Personal Data to provide some specific services (primarily within the framework of sensory and clinical studies). Data controller will only process Sensitive Personal Data with your explicit consent to the processing of those Sensitive Personal Data for one or more specified purposes or if the processing is necessary for the purposes of carrying out obligations and exercising specific rights for you or the Data controller in the field of employment and social security and social protection law.
3. PURPOSES OF THE DATA COLLECTION
Data controller needs to collect and process your Personal Data in order to provide its services or because it is legally required to do so.
Data controller will use your Personal Data for the purposes for which you provided it, as indicated to you on its Site at the time you provided your Personal Data:
Personal Data collected through online surveys and polls, further information application forms, subscription to newsletters or similar inquiries, shall only be used to meet the purpose for which such information has been submitted and collected.
Personal Data collected through each connection will be used to track your browsing on the Site so as to enable Data controller to make connection statistics on the most visited pages and, generally, to monitor and improve the running of the Site.
Data controller will also use your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes to provide you the best services only if you have given your consent.
4. LEGAL BASIS OF THE PROCESSING
The legal basis for the processing of your Personal Data is:
Your consent:  When you provide Data controller with your Personal Data, you consent to it using your Personal Data to carry out the purposes identified to you on its Site. With your consent, you give Data controller permission to process your Personal Data in a particular manner.
Performance of a contract: Data controller will process your Personal Data to fulfill its contractual obligations and to provide you with its services.
Legal requirement: Data controller may process your Personal Data to comply with legal obligations.
Legitimate interests: Data controller may process your Personal Data to improve its services.
5. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA
5.1. As stated above, Data Controller is part of the worldwide Mérieux NutriSciences Corporation entity and your Personal Data may be disclosed to all its Affiliates located or not within the EU to provide best services.
Data controller may share your Personal Data with any service providers, subcontractors and agents that it may appoint to perform functions on its behalf and in accordance with its instructions, including payment providers, IT service providers, accountants, auditors and lawyers.
5.2. Data controller may transfer your Personal Data to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) that have different levels of data protection laws. If Personal Data is transferred outside the EEA, the transfer is done through standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission to provide safeguards for Personal Data transferred.  Data controller uses those standard clauses when transferring Personal Data outside the EEA to secure the transfer and to comply with Data                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Protection Legislation.
5.3. Under certain circumstances, Data controller may have to disclose your Personal Data to authorities to respond to any legal requirements under applicable laws, for example, as part of anti-money laundering, processes or protect a third party’s rights, property, or safety or to enforce its Terms and Conditions.
5.4. Data controller may also share your Personal Data in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of its business by or into another company
6. HYPERLINKS
Mérieux NutriSciences Sites may contain hyperlinks to other websites of interest. Once you have used these hyperlinks to leave Mérieux NutriSciences Sites, you should note that Mérieux NutriSciences does not have any control over that other website.
Therefore, Mérieux NutriSciences cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide whilst visiting such websites and such websites are not governed by this Privacy Notice. You should exercise caution and look at the Privacy Notice applicable to the website in question.
7. YOUR RIGHTS
Under current legislation, you have the following rights to your Personal Data:
Right of access: You can request access to your Personal Data.
Right to rectification: You can request the rectification of inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data.
Right to erasure (“Right to be forgotten”): You can request the deletion of your Personal Data if certain grounds stated in the GDPR are met. However, please note that in order to comply with certain legal obligations Data controller may decline your request or keep certain information.
Right to restrict the processing of Personal Data: You can request the restriction of how Data controller uses and processes your Personal Data.
Right to data portability: You can request a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used format to transmit those Personal Data to another company only where the processing of your Personal Data is based on your consent or on the performance of a contract and is carried out by automated means.
You may exercise these rights by sending your request by email to dpo@mxns.com and Data controller will make its best efforts to deal with the request as soon as practicable. According to Data Protection Legislation, Data controller reserves the right to not comply with your request and will always state the reason why.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority: You can lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in the EU Member State that you are located in.
For information, any subscription to a newsletter may be cancelled, at any time, by sending an e-mail to dpo@mxns.com.
8. RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Data controller will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice or to comply with legal obligations.
9. DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
If you have any question, concern or complaint about Data controller Privacy Notice, please contact the Data Protection Officer at:
Email address: dpo@mxns.com
Postal address: Silliker Group Corporation France
Attn: DPO
113 Route de Paris Domaine de Montcelard
69160 Tassin-la-Demi-Lune, France
10.  SECURITY
Data controller has put in place reasonable technical, organizational and structural measures to ensure an adequate level of protection of your Personal Data against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage. If your Personal Data is transferred to third parties, Data Controller will ensure that your Personal Data is processed only as instructed by it and will ensure that a data processor agreement with such third parties is signed providing the same standards each time it will be necessary.
Where Data Controller has given, or you have chosen a password which enables you to access parts of Mérieux NutriSciences Sites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
11. PRIVACY NOTICE UPDATES
Data controller may update this Privacy Notice and any updates will be posted here. Therefore, you are advised to check back regularly to stay informed about our Privacy Notice.
Last updated: June 29, 2020