http://www.igem.org.uk/terms-and-conditions
Cookie Settings
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer, to improve your experience. One of the cookies this site uses is essential for parts of the site to operate and has already been set. You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site will not work. To find out more about the cookies this site uses and how to delete them, please see the Cookie page
I accept cookies from this site.
Search our Site
Keywords
close
Log out
Show Mobile Menu
Search
My IGEM Login
Basket
Contact us
Home
About Us
Who we are
Our history
Governance
Annual Report & Accounts
Awards and medals
Funds
Meetpoint Midlands
Membership
Who can join?
Why join?
Which grade?
Apply now
Membership workshops
FAQs for membership
Professional registration
Directories
IGEM Sections
Professional Development
What is professional development?
What counts as CPD?
Assessing professional development
Professional registration
Get into Gas
Recording CPD
Scholarships and Grants
Events & Courses
Sponsorship and exhibition opportunities
Technical services
Technical gas standards
Accessing our standards
How our standards are produced
Recently published standards
Standards under review
Comment on draft standards
Technical standards enquiries
Other technical publications
Gas Quality Working Group
Large Business Forum
Low Pressure Supply Working Group
RIDDOR Working Group
Recognition of training
IGEM House library
News & Publications
Gas International
Historic Gas Times
E-newsletters
IGEMtv
Policy & Research
Upcoming Publications & Events
Policy responses
Industry consultations
Research library
Get Involved
Ways to volunteer
Why volunteer?
Collaborative working
Industry consultations
Gas International
Working for us
Close
Home >
Terms and conditions
Terms and conditions
Acceptance of terms The services that the Institution of Gas Engineers and Managers provides to you are subject to the following Terms of Use ("TOU"). The Institution of Gas Engineers and Managers reserves the right to update the TOU at any time without notice to you. The most current version of the TOU can be reviewed by clicking on the "Terms of Use" hypertext link located at the bottom of our Web pages. Description of services Through its network of Web properties, the Institution of Gas Engineers and Managers provides you with access to a variety of resources, including training materials, download areas, communication forums and product information (collectively "Services"). The Services, including any updates, enhancements, new features, and/or the addition of any new Web properties, are subject to the TOU. Personal and non-commercial use limitation Unless otherwise specified, the Services are for your personal and non-commercial use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, training materials, products or services obtained from the Services. Privacy and protection of personal information See the Privacy Policy disclosures relating to the collection and use of your information.
Notice specific to training materials available on this website Any training materials made available to download from this website are the copyrighted work of the Institution of Gas Engineers and Managers and/or its suppliers. Use of the training materials is restricted solely for use by end users to facilitate the evaluation of the efficacy of the training provided by the Institution of Gas Engineers and Managers. Any reproduction or redistribution of the training materials whether for commercial or personal gain is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible. Such training materials shall not be represented in part, or in whole, as part of any training documentation without the express permission of the Institution of Gas Engineers and Managers given in writing by an authorised agent of the Institution of Gas Engineers and Managers. Where such permission is given clear and prominent notice must be displayed on any and all documentation accrediting the Institution of Gas Engineers and Managers with having copyright over the materials. Without limiting the foregoing, copying or reproduction of the training materials to any other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution is expressly prohibited, unless such reproduction or redistribution has been agreed with the Institution of Gas Engineers and Managers. For your convenience, The Institution of Gas Engineers and Managers may make available as part of the services or in its training materials, tools and utilities for use and/or download. The Institution of Gas Engineers and Managers does not make any assurances with regard to the accuracy of the results or output that derives from such use of any such tools and utilities. Please respect the intellectual property rights of others when using the tools and utilities made available of the services or in the Institution of Gas Engineers and Managers.
HomepageSite MapAbout usMembershipProfessional developmentGet involvedNews and PublicationsTechnical ServicesTerms and conditionsPrivacy policyRegistrationContact UsEvents and coursesDisclaimerCopyrightCookiesAccessibilityprivacyPolicy and research hub
Contact us
IGEM House26 & 28 High StreetKegworthDerbyDE74 2DAUnited Kingdom
t: +44 (0)1509 678 150e: general@igem.org.ukCharity No: 214011Vat No: 674772885
Quick links
Site Map
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Terms of use
Meetpoint Midlands
Accessibility