https://www.valeport.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Your browser is no longer supported. Please
upgrade your browser
to improve your experience.
Products
Find a product by Groups
Find a product by Product Types
Find a product by Applications
Find a product by Parameters
Product Search
Browse all products
Back to products
Coastal
Inland
Offshore
Back to products
CTD & Environmental
Current
Echosounders & Bathymetry
Sound Velocity
Tide
Wave
Back to products
AUV ROV ASV
Hydrography
Hydrometry
Metrology & Positioning
Oceanography
Ports, Harbours & Dredging
Renewable Energy
Back to products
Chlorophyll a
Conductivity
Density
Depth
Fluorescein
Phycocyanin
Pressure
Rhodamine
Salinity
Temperature
Turbidity
Water Level
Back to products
Search
About Valeport
Corporate Social Responsibility at Valeport
Environmental
Latest news
Meet the team
Our philosophy
Save Our Seagrass with Valeport
Valeport history
Valeport’s premises
Articles
Contact
Cookie Policy
Our international distributors
Privacy Policy
Products
Services and Calibrations
Sound Velocity Sensors
Supplier Requirements
Anti-Bribery Policy – Supplier Obligations (“Policy”)
Anti-Slavery Policy – Supplier Obligations (“Policy”)
Anti-Tax Evasion Policy – Supplier Obligations (“Policy”)
Data Processing Agreement
Support
Resources
Support by product
Training videos
Support Form Response
Technology you can trust
Warranties and Repairs
Website Terms & Conditions
Home
Cookie Policy
Please read this cookie policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are and how we use cookies on our website. This policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy which sets out how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information generally, as well as your rights in relation to your personal information and details of how to contact us and supervisory authorities if you have a complaint.
Who we are
This website is operated by Valeport Limited (company number: 01950444) with registered office at St. Peters Quay, Totnes, Devon, TQ9 5EW. For more information see Contact Us page.
Our website
This cookie policy relates to your use of the website www.valeport.co.uk .
Throughout our website we may link to other websites owned and operated by certain trusted third parties to make additional products and services available to you). These other third party websites may also use cookies or similar technologies in accordance with their own separate policies. For privacy information relating to these other third party websites, please consult their policies as appropriate.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your device (e.g. computer, smartphone or other electronic device) when you use our website. We use cookies on our website. These help us recognise you and your device and store some information about your preferences or past actions.
For example, we may monitor how many times you visit the website, which pages you go to, traffic data, location data and the originating domain name of your internet service provider. This information helps us to:
This information about how customers use the website is used in many ways, including to:
Find out what the website doesn’t do well and make improvements to it in future.
Keep a record of the products you’ve reviewed.
Make personalised product recommendations, based upon your previous times you’ve visited the website.
Remember your preferences.
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter.
Make sure advertising on other websites is relevant to you.
Some of this data will be aggregated or statistical, which means that we will not be able to identify you individually.
For further information on our use of cookies, including a detailed list of your information which we and others may collect through cookies, please see below.
For further information on cookies generally, including how to control and manage them, visit the guidance on cookies published by the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, www.aboutcookies.org  or www.allaboutcookies.org.
If you do not want to accept any cookies, you may be able to change your browser settings so that cookies (including those which are essential to the services requested) are not accepted. If you do this, please be aware that you may lose some of the functionality of our website.
Consent to use cookies and changing settings
We will ask for your permission (Consent) to place cookies or other similar technologies on your device, except where they are essential for us to provide you with a service that you have requested.
You can withdraw any consent to the use of cookies or manage any other cookie preferences by using our privacy dashboard at the bottom of any page on our site. You can then amend your preferences using the controls within the privacy dashboard. It may be necessary to refresh the page for the updated settings to take effect.
Types of cookies
Session (or Transient) Cookies:
Session cookies are stored in your computer’s memory for the length of your browsing session. They become inaccessible after the session has been inactive for a time and are automatically deleted from your computer when the browser is closed. They allow you to move from page to page without having to log-in repeatedly.
Persistent (or Permanent) Cookies:
Persistent cookies that are stored on the user’s computer memory and are not deleted when the browser is closed. They are used to keep your preferences for the website, so they will be remembered for next time you visit the website. They are also used to collect information about the numbers of visitors, the average time spent on a particular page and analyse visitor behaviour on the website. This information is used to find out how the well the website works and where it can be improved.
Third-party cookies:
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may from time to time include third party links on our Website. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We encourage you to review those policies when you visit those sites. This Privacy Policy Statement only covers our website and does not cover any other website. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Our use of cookies
The table below provides more information about the cookies we use and why:
Third party access to the cookies
The cookies we use will only be accessed by us and those third parties named in the table above for the purposes referred to in this cookie policy. Those cookies will not be accessed by any other third party.
Sharing with social networks
If you use the buttons that allow you to share products and content with your friends via social networks like twitter and Facebook, these companies may set a cookie on your computer memory. Find out more about these here:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
http://twitter.com/privacy
http://www.google.com/intl/en-GB/policies/privacy/
How to contact us
Please contact us at marketing@valeport.co.uk if you have any questions about this cookie policy or the information we hold about you.
Changes to this policy
This policy was last updated in August  2020. We keep our cookies policy under regular review to make sure it is up to date and accurate. If we change our cookies policy from time to time, we will post the details of any changes here. We may also take reasonable steps to notify you if such changes affect how your personal data is processed.