http://www.meteoriticalsociety.org/privacy
Privacy Statement | Meteoritical Society
photo credit
SocietyMembershipLeadershipGovernanceHistoryAnnual MeetingsAffiliated OrganizationsResourcesLogosMeteoritesMeteorite NamesMeteoritesLunar SamplesTektitesDustPublicationsMeteoritics and Planetary ScienceGeochimica et Cosmochimica ActaThe Meteoritical BulletinMeteoritical Society NewsletterElementsBooks by Society MembersAwardsLeonard MedalistsBarringer Award WinnersNier Prize WinnersService Award WinnersFellowsGrantsNews
Search
Contact
Join Now
Member Portal
HomeSocietyGovernancePosition StatementsPrivacy Statement
Privacy Statement
(revised 11/20/2006, update by TJ 4/22/2018)
Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to The Meteoritical Society. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available at the start of any sequence of pages where personally identifiable information may be requested. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on The Meteoritical Society website.
The Information We Collect
On some pages, you can join the society, renew your membership, order publications, register for short courses or meetings, make a contribution, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name Address
Email address
Phone number
Personal website
Professional interests
Credit Card Information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone Number
The Way The Meteoritical Society Uses Information
We use the information you provide about yourself only to complete your membership, registration, and order or provide any information you may have requested. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that action.
We use the information you provide about someone else only to ship the product, confirm delivery, or provide any information you may have requested. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that action.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
The society does have an online Membership Directory that shows the names, address, phone number, personal website, and professional interests of the members. Each member has the option of listing their name only in the Membership Directory. We use non-identifying information to better design our website.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
Current members can access their personal identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by examining the online Membership Directory and their profile in Manuscript Central. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by either using the online membership directory update page or by sending us a request.
Personal identifiable information about customers who are not members that we collect online and maintain is not accessible online. These individuals can correct factual errors in their personally identifiable information by sending us a request. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact The Meteoritical Society
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at +1 (703) 652-9953 or send us an email at business@meteoriticalsociety.net. Copyright © 1997 - 2018 Meteoritical Society. All rights reserved.
Amendment: Use of Manuscript Central
The online paper submission system uses Clarivate's Manuscript Central. We have extracted part of their policy here for your information.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
We may collect personal and non-personal information, including professional profile data, in various ways, including directly from an individual (for example, when subscribing to a product or service, registering an account, requesting technical assistance for a product or service, or signing up for a newsletter), from our web server logs, and through cookies or other website tracking tools. We may use or share personal and non-personal information for administrative and technical purposes such as website testing, development and upgrades, or technical support. Under limited circumstances, we may share personal information with third parties, as described in this Privacy Statement and the Clarivate Cookie Policy. For example, we may need to share personal information with law enforcement if we believe in good faith that the law requires it. Please read below for more detail about the ways we collect personal and non-personal information. Individual-Supplied Information. If you purchase, contact us about or express interest in a Clarivate product or service, we may ask you to provide some personal information, for example, your name, professional contact details and professional credentials, such as address, position, phone number, email address. We may use this information in a contact database for future reference if needed, which may then be used as described in the Marketing section. If you are requesting help with technical issues, we may also ask you to provide information about your computer, computer system, and/or the issues you are trying to resolve. This information is necessary to help us answer your questions. We may record your requests and our responses for logging and quality control purposes.
Web Server logs
When you use Manuscript Central, the servers may automatically capture and save certain information electronically. These server logs include information about your device's use of Clarivate or visits to Clarivate website(s) ("your device" may include a desktop or laptop computer, mobile device or similar device). Examples of the information collected by our servers include:
Your device's Internet Protocol (IP) address
The name of your device's Internet service provider
The city, state, and country from which your device accessed Clarivate
The kind of browser or device used to access Clarivate databases or a Clarivate website
The way your device navigates through a Clarivate database or Clarivate website
The date and time of usage
The web page from which your device arrived at our website(s)
The content you viewed on our website(s) and/or when using Clarivate
Searches/queries that you conducted via our website(s)
The information collected via web servers helps us to administer our website(s), analyze their usage, improve their content, protect content from inappropriate uses, and help our websites better operate. Locally Stored Data from Browsers and Devices. We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.
Cookies and other tracking tools
Cookies and other website tracking tools are small text files sent to your Internet browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Since many websites rely on cookies and/or other tracking tools to help tailor an individual's experience, most Internet browsers are initially set up to accept them. If you object to cookies or other types of tracking tools, you can review the settings of your browser for guidance on how to manage or refuse to accept cookies and other tracking mechanisms. If you choose to modify how your computer will accept cookies, please be aware that the functionality of websites or online services may be affected.For more information about the use of cookies on the Clarivate website, please view the Clarivate Cookie Policy. "Do Not Track" and Tracking Protection. Some newer Internet browsers have incorporated Do Not Track features, and when turned on, they send a signal to the websites you visit, telling the website that you do not want to be tracked while browsing. Websites differ in how they respond to these Do Not Track signals, as there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the Do Not Track signal. Because of this lack of clarity, Clarivate does not respond to the browser Do Not Track signal. Thus, most cookies will continue to be stored on your hard drive until you delete them.
Google Invisible reCAPTCHA
We may useGoogle Invisible reCAPTCHA to secure our products and websites from abuse. Invisible reCAPTCHA collects hardware, software, and user interaction data from your device for risk analysis. reCAPTCHA data collection and use are governed by the Google Privacy Policy.
How do we protect the personal information we collect?
We have implemented reasonable and appropriate security measures to help protect your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Our Clarivate websites are protected with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. Also, we store website usage information in a data center with restricted access and appropriate monitoring, and we use a variety of technical security measures to secure your data. In addition, we use intrusion detection and virus protection software. However, please note that we cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons or technological tools will never be able to defeat our security measures.
Who has access to the personal information we collect?
Our policies require our employees, contractors and vendors to protect the confidentiality of any personal information they may access. We may make personal and Clarivate usage information available to all Clarivate entities and unaffiliated trusted third parties in certain situations, for example:
to third party agents, service providers, and/or contractors who may perform certain functions or services, for example: helping us promote our products and services, as described in the Marketing section; billing, accounts receivable/payable functions; and/or content acquisition and licensing services. to enforce our Terms of Use;
to meet our obligations to content and technology providers;
as needed in connection with the transfer of our business assets (for example, if we are acquired by another company or if we are liquidated during bankruptcy proceedings);
although unlikely, a trusted third party may need to access personal information in connection with a digital forensic investigation of a potential security incident;
as required by law in a matter of public safety or policy, or
if we believe in good faith that sharing such data is necessary to protect our rights or property.
Is my Information used for marketing purposes?
Can I update my marketing preferences? Yes, your information may be used for marketing purposes. For example, we may use your information to send you newsletters, other publications, conference invitations, and/or communications about products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. We may also share your information with third party agents, service providers, and/or contractors who help us promote our products and services. If you do not want to receive such materials, invitations or information about our products or services, you can update your preferences at any time. Your options include updating your account via our Preference Center (where applicable), unsubscribing from all marketing emails with this form, and/or using the "unsubscribe" mechanism in the emails you receive from us. If you have any additional questions regarding your subscriptions or use of your information for marketing purposes, please contact the Clarivate Marketing Team.
Acknowledgment of transfer
Our websites, applications and many of our products are operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us may be transferred to the United States and/or third countries. We have put in place the appropriate measures to ensure that any personal information transferred from the EEA and other jurisdictions that are subject to data transfer restrictions will be adequately protected for the purposes of those rules. Such safeguards include compliance with the standard contractual clauses as outlined in the EU Directive. By using our products, websites and applications, or participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you acknowledge that your personal information may be transferred to other destinations.
Links
Our websites and applications contain links to third party sites as well as to other sites owned and/or operated by Clarivate. Please be aware that Clarivate is not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party sites. Please also be aware that the privacy policies of other Clarivate sites may differ significantly from the privacy policy of our websites and applications. Therefore, we encourage our users to read the privacy statement of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Statement applies solely to information collected by our websites and applications.
Questions?
If you have any additional questions or concerns related to this Privacy Statement and/or our practices, please contact the Clarivate Marketing Team.
Become a Member
Membership in the Meteoritical Society connects you to scientists and amateur enthusiasts from 52 nations. If you care about meteoritics, you're eligible. Also, membership categories include special rates for students and retirees.
Membership Information
Latest News
17 Sep 2020
John T. Wasson (1934-2020)
8 Sep 2020
UCLA Meteorite Gallery Monthly Lectures
30 Aug 2020
IOM Weekly Seminars open to MetSoc Members
24 Aug 2020
Service Award for 2021
Member Portal
Contact Information
Privacy Policy | Photo Credits
© 2005- The Meteoritical Society
secret