http://www.mercersec.org/fair/help/privacy
Skip to main content
User menu
Log in
Main menu
Toggle sub-menu
Registration
Getting Started
Fair Dates
Fair Events
Begin registration process
Login
Current Projects
Home page
Fair
Getting Started
Privacy Policy
Contact us
Fair Flyers
Fair location
Join the club
Other Science fairs
Project list
Students
Getting Started
How to do a project
How to Write a Research Plan
Writing an abstract
ISEF Forms
Project Presentation
Hypothesis or Purpose
Restricted display items
Categories by Division
Schools
Teachers
Getting Started
Manage school applications
Schools
Create teacher account
Sponsors
Getting Started
Why sponsor the fair
Sponsorship levels
Our sponsors
Judges
Getting Started
Categories (list)
Create judge account
Breadcrumbs
You are here:
HomeFair Help
We take matters of data privacy seriously. We respect our relationships with all fair participants including students, parents, teachers, judges, and colleagues, and the trust they place in us to hold their personal information. We use this information only for the fair and affiliated fairs.
What we collect
This section tells you what personal information we may collect.
In this Privacy Policy,  personal information refers to the types of personal information that may be collected and used, including:
Contact details, such as name, email address, postal address and telephone number
Educational, nationality and professional information
Usernames and passwords
Comments, feedback, posts and other content submitted, including survey information
Website and communication usage information, such as correspondence and details of your use of our website and services obtained through cookies or other tracking technologies.
How and why personal information is used
This section explains how and why we use personal information.
Registration information
Information provided by registering on this site is to verify use of our site. It is also used to verify and assign privileges for users such as teachers and judges. Contact information is used by fair personnel if they need to contact a person regarding applications or their use of this website. It is not shared with any third parties.
Application information
Fair applications contain information about fair participants, their relationships to people such as parents and mentors, and information related to their projects. Contact information is restricted to use by fair personnel and may be provided to affiliated fairs and award organizations when a participant receives an award. It is not shared with the public or fair judges.
Use of Data
To provide and maintain the website and fair
To notify you about changes to the website and fair
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our website and fair when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the website and fair
To monitor the usage of the website and fair
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Who personal information is shared with
Your information may be shared with affiliated fairs, award organizations and fair sponsors.
Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements
We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of the Mercer Science and Engineering Club
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the website and fair
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identifier that is automatically placed on a user’s computer or other device when the user visits a website.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Third-party links
This website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these websites and do not accept any liability in connection with their content. We recommend reviewing the privacy policy of each third-party site linked from this website to determine its use of your personal information.
Children's Privacy
Personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18 must be provided with the approval of a parent or guardian as part of the fair application process. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
How long information is kept
We will only retain personal information for as long as is necessary and as permitted by applicable laws.
Contacting us
For any questions about this Privacy Policy contact our webmaster.
We hope we will be able to resolve any privacy concerns you may have. However, you always have the right to complain to any supervisory authority or other public body with responsibility for enforcing privacy laws in your country.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
To keep up with changing legislation, best practice and changes in how we process personal information, we may revise this Privacy Policy at any time without notice by posting a revised version on this website. To stay up to date on any changes, check back periodically.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on October 2019.
Book traversal links for Privacy Policy
Fair Overview
Up
Mercer Science and Engineering Club
Book edit links for Privacy Policy
Book edit links for Privacy Policy
Table of ContentsBook: Fair Help
Getting Started
Fair Overview
Privacy Policy
Mercer Science and Engineering Club
Our Fairs and Events
Fair registration
For Students
For Teachers
For Judges
For Sponsors
List of Sponsors
Our Website
Design by Adaptivethemes.com