http://www.isi-seal.com/mdc-privacy-policy
Menu
ProductsViewports & GlassViewportsFeedthroughs & BreaksWires & InsulatorsMultipin FeedthroughsPowerCoaxial FeedthroughsThermocoupleBreaks & EnvelopeConnectorsChambersBell JarsCollars, Baseplates & Base WellsMotion & ManipulationMotionManipulationTraps & FiltersVacuum ComponentsFlangesVacuum Roughing HoseHardwareFlanged FittingsWeld FittingsHybrid AdaptersValves & AccessoriesGate ValvesAngle & Inline ValvesHardwareIndustriesIndustry & Research	Semiconductor	Aerospace & Defense	Life Sciences & Medical 	Food Processing	Contract ManufacturingCompanyAbout MDC PrecisionMDC Management TeamCareers at MDC PrecisionSupportRequest CatalogContact UsLocate a Sales RepresentativeRequest a Quote for Custom Parts
Account
Settings
Currency
USD - US Dollar
GBP - British Pound
EUR - Euro
Home
MDC Privacy Policy
MDC Privacy and GDPR Policy
Overview
Your privacy is very important to us. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes.
Please read this privacy policy to learn more about the ways in which we use and protect your personal information. By visiting this website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Site.
This Privacy Policy describes the information, as part of the normal operation of our services, that we collect from you and what may happen to that information.
What Information We Collect
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your experience safer and easier. We only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose.
In general, you can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to use our services, we may require you to provide contact and identity information, billing information, shipping information and other personal information as indicated on the forms throughout the Site. Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature.
Under some circumstances we may require some additional financial information, such as but not limited to, if you are registering using an email account at a free email service or registering to buy on the Site. We use your financial information, including credit card information, to verify the accuracy of your name, address, and other information.
We automatically track certain information based upon your behavior on the Site. We use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve you and our community. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on the Site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on the Site or not), your computer browser information, and your IP address.
If you establish a credit account with us, we collect some additional information, such as a billing address, credit card number and credit card expiration date.
The personal data that we may collect from you might include:
Name
Physical Address
Email Address
Telephone Number
Mobile Telephone Number
IP Address
We collect information in the below ways:
Online forms via our website at www.mdcprecision.com
Website orders
Email marketing campaign sign-ups
Sign-up sheets at seminars, trainings, trade shows and other sales and marketing events
Sign-up to our MDC Precision Products Newsletter
How We Use Your Personal Data (Legal Basis for Processing)
We take your privacy very seriously and will never disclose, share or sell your data without your consent unless required to do so by law. We only retain your data for as long as is necessary to comply with the law or to carry out our legitimate interests. Where you have consented to us providing you with promotional offers and marketing, you are free to withdraw this consent at any time. The purposes and reasons for processing your personal data may include the following:
We collect your personal data in the performance of a contract or to provide a service and to ensure that orders are completed and can be sent out to your preferred address
We collect and store your personal data as part of our legal obligation for business accounting and tax purposes
Email marketing campaign sign-ups
We may have a legal obligation to share your personal data with credit reference agencies
We will occasionally send you marketing information where we have assessed that it is beneficial to you as a customer and in our interests. Such information will be non-intrusive and is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests
Your Rights
You have the right to access any personal information that we process about you and to request information about:
What personal data we hold about you
The purposes of the processing
The categories of personal data concerned
The recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed
How long we intend to store your personal data
If we did not collect the data directly from you, information about the source
If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or complete the information and we will strive to update/correct it as quickly as possible; unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.
You also have the right to request erasure of your personal data or to restrict processing (where applicable) in accordance with data protection laws, as well as to object to any direct marketing from us, to exercise your data portability rights and to be informed about any automated decision-making we may use.
If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the request; this is to ensure that your data is protected and kept.
Transfers Outside the EU
We utilize some products or services (or parts of them) that may be hosted/stored in the United States, which means that we may transfer any information which is submitted by you through the website outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") for the below purposes:
MDC Website Data
MDC Operating System (ERP)
MDC Customer Requirement Management
3rd Party Email and Marketing Tools
Processing information related to regulatory screenings (e.g. Restricted Party List screening)
Therefore, when you use our website, send us an email, or sign up to our newsletter, etc., the personal information you submit may be stored on servers which are hosted the United States. Where this is the case, we will take steps to ensure that those providers use the necessary level of protection for your information and abide by agreements and measures to protect your data and comply with the relevant data protection laws.
Where we transfer personal information for the above reasons, we utilize safeguarding measures and mechanisms to ensure that your personal data is safe and secure.
Consequences of Not Providing Your Data
You are not obligated to provide your personal information to us, however, as this information is required in certain instances for us to provide you with our services, to deliver our products to you and/or to carry out legitimate interests, we will not be able to offer some/all of our products or services without it.
Legitimate Interests
As noted in the 'How We Use Your Personal Data' section of this notice, we occasionally process your personal information under the legitimate interests' legal basis. Where this is the case, we have carried out a thorough assessment to ensure that we have weighed your interests and any risk posed to you against our own and that such interests are proportionate and appropriate.
How Long We Keep Your Data
We only ever retain personal information for as long as is necessary and we have review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations.
Where you have consented to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data until you notify us otherwise and/or withdraw your consent.
Lodging a Complaint
We only process your personal information in compliance with this privacy notice and in accordance with the relevant data protection laws. If, however you wish to raise a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
How we use cookies
We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the Site to help analyze our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety.
A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred from a Web site to the hard drive of your computer so that the site administrator may identify your computer and passively track its activities on the Web site. This unique number identifies your Web browser to our computer system whenever you visit our website. A cookie will not allow a Web site to learn any personally identifiable information (such as your real name and address) that you have not otherwise disclosed.
We offer certain features that are only available through use of a cookie. We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests. These cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Site and you may be required to reenter your password more frequently during a session.
Additionally, you may encounter cookies or other similar devices on certain pages of the Site that are placed by third parties. For example, if you view a web page created by a user, there may be a cookie placed within that web page. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties.
With Whom We Share Information
MDC Precision, LLC. does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies. By providing MDC Precision, LLC with your personally identifiable information, you authorize MDC Precision, LLC. to internally share that information with our affiliated companies.
What You Should Do to Protect Information
You are responsible for all actions taken with your User ID and password, including fees charged to your account. Therefore, we recommend that you do not disclose your password to any third party. If you choose to share your User ID and password or your personal information with third parties, you are responsible for all actions taken with your account and therefore you should review that third party's privacy policy. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password.
We offer you the ability to automatically review and change the information you submit to us by logging into the Site and entering in the new information yourself. Generally, we will not modify your personal information based on your request because it is very difficult to authenticate your account manually. You can change your email address, contact information, financial information, shipping information and user preferences by going to the My Account section.
Upon your request, we will deactivate your account, contact information, billing information, shipping information, and financial information from our active databases. To make this request, email webmaster@mdcprecision.com. Such information will be deactivated as soon as reasonably possible.
We will retain in our files some personal information you have requested to remove to prevent fraud and resolve disputes if any. Therefore, you should not expect that all your personal information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests. However, such personal information will be deactivated and will only be available to select personnel.
What is MDC's Opt-Out Policy
You can opt out of sharing your personally identifiable information by choosing not to use such areas on the website.
All MDC Precision, LLC newsletters and direct email communications have easy-to-follow unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
To learn more about security, including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take, please read our Security Policy.
Copyright © MDC Precision Products LLC 2000-2020