https://www.scientificlabs.co.uk/privacypolicy
Homepage
Browse by Brand
Browse by Category
News
International
Catalogues
Promotions
Login
Contact us
0
Home
Literature
Contact
Register | Login
0
HOME
PRODUCTS
By Category
By Brand
By E-Catalogue
Try Me, Buy Me
NEWS
News Articles
Case Studies
INTERNATIONAL
Introduction
Facts & Figures
Global Expertise
Projects & Tenders
Contact Us
PROMOTIONS
SALE
Consumable Sale
Clearance
Equipment Sale
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
V1 29052018SCIENTIFIC LABORATORY SUPPLIES LTD PRIVACY POLICY We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy (together with our Terms and Conditions and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. WHO WE ARE For the purpose of the GDPR, the data controller is Scientific Laboratory Supplies Limited of Orchard House, The Square, Hessle, East Yorkshire HU13 0AE. Our Data Protection Officer is Bruce Mowbray. WHAT WE NEED We collect personal information, such as name, email, post code, gender, birth date, occupation and interests when you register to process your order, manage your account, and post offers of products and services we think you would like. We may also collect and process the following data about you: Information you give us. You may give us personal data by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, place an order on our site, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our site, or enter a competition, promotion or survey, and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, and financial and credit card information. Information we collect about you. We automatically receive and record information from your computer and browser, including your IP address, software and hardware attributes. We use Google Analytics to track your usage, and cookies to remember your preferences. You have the opportunity to consent to this or not the first time you visit our website, via a notification bar at the top of the screen. Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; Information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number. Information we receive from other sources. We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this site. WHO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, suppliers, manufacturers, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may share your information with them. We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006. We may share your information with selected third parties including: Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with you. Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site. Credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.  We may disclose your personal information to third parties: If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets. In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets. If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Website Use or Website Terms & Conditions of Sale and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Scientific Laboratory Supplies Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.  WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR DATA We use your data in the following ways: Information you give to us. We will use this information: To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us. To provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about. To provide you with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. If you are a new customer, we will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, please manage your preferences on your online account dashboard. If you do not consent to use using your data in this way, we will only keep your data for as long as we need to process your request (for example your order, or enquiry), up to a maximum of 6 months. Our sales representatives may contact their customer contacts with details of goods and services they feel may be of interest to them under the legal basis of ‘legitimate interests.’ To notify you about changes to our service. To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.  Information we collect about you. We will use this information: To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes. To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer. To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so. As part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure. To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you. To make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.  Information we receive from other sources: We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may us this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive). WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. YOUR RIGHTS You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You will always have to opt-in to agree to us using your data in this way. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by not checking the relevant boxes on our forms. You can also exercise the right at any time by managing your preferences in your online account, or by contacting our response administrator at Scientific Laboratory Supplies Limited, Wilford Industrial Estate, Ruddington Lane, Wilford, Nottingham NG11 7EP, or contact us by email at: slsinfo@scientific-labs.com. You can also unsubscribe from our email marketing by clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ link from within an email. Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. ACCESS TO INFORMATION The GDPR gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the GDPR. To exercise this right, contact our response administrator at Scientific Laboratory Supplies Limited, Wilford Industrial Estate, Ruddington Lane, Wilford, Nottingham NG11 7EP, or contact us by email at: slsinfo@scientific-labs.com. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy. CONTACT US Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to our response administrator at Scientific Laboratory Supplies Limited, Wilford Industrial Estate, Ruddington Lane, Wilford, Nottingham NG11 7EP, or by email using our online form here.
Thank you for visiting our site.
ABOUT US
Who are SLS?
Sustainability
Employment Opportunities
Certificates & Policies
SLS Videos
Scientific Laboratory Show
INTERNATIONAL
Introduction
Facts & Figures
Global Expertise
Projects & Tenders
Contact Us
INFORMATION
Warranty
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Returns Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility
Brexit Statement
CALL US
England & Wales
0115 982 1111
Scotland
01236 431 857
Analab Northern Ireland
02892 621100
Analab Republic of Ireland
+353(0)1 4069464
WARNING
This product is a chemical and requires you to have an SLS credit account.
Please note that this is different to a website ordering account. Please contact us to arrange this for you.
CANCEL
OK
WARNING
This product is being discontinued, you may only order up to the available stock.
CLOSE
WARNING
OK
CANCEL
OK
OK