http://www.icc.or.at/legal-notice
Store Contact Login
Legal Notice
Information provided according the Austrian E-Commerce-law (ECG) and the Media LawICC - International Association for Cereal Science and Technology (Internationale Gesellschaft für Getreidewissenschaft und -technologie)Stubenring 12 1010 Wien Austria
Represented by: Michaela Pichler
Registered in Austria as a non-profit association under ZVR 042487046 with register court Vienna
Contact information:        Telephone: +43 1 7077202-0  Fax: +43 1 7077202-300  E-Mail: office@icc.or.at  Website: www.icc.or.at
Please note that we do not take part in online dispute resolutions at consumer arbitration boards.
Disclaimer
Liability for Contents
The contents of our pages have been created with the utmost care. However, we cannot guarantee the contents' accuracy, completeness or topicality. According to statutory provisions, we are furthermore responsible for our own content on this web page. In this context, please note that we are not obliged to permanently monitor the transmitted or saved information of third parties, or investigate circumstances pointing to illegal activity. Legal obligations to remove or block the use of information under generally applicable laws remain unaffected by this. In this case, liability is only possible at the time of knowledge about a specific violation of law. Illegal contents will be removed immediately at the time we get knowledge of them.
Any notice or publication within this site reflects only the author's views and the publisher is not liable for any use that may be made of the information contained within this site.
ICC as the publisher of this website makes no representations or warranties, either express or implied, as to the accuracy of the information in these pages or its fitness for any purpose whatsoever.
ICC disclaims any liability or responsibility for the consequences of error or for any loss, damages, costs or expenses, howsoever or wheresoever, resulting from the use of any of the information within this website.
The information provided is subject to change, does not constitute business, medical or other professional advice and does not form any basis of a contract with readers or users of this website.
Liability for Links
Our offer includes links to external third-party websites. We have no influence on the contents of those websites, therefore we cannot guarantee for those contents. Providers or administrators of linked websites are always responsible for their own contents.
The linked websites had been checked for possible violations of law at the time of the establishment of the link. Illegal contents were not detected at the time of the linking. A permanent monitoring of the contents of linked websites cannot be imposed without reasonable indications that there has been a violation of law. Illegal links will be removed immediately at the time we get knowledge of them.
A link does not represent an endorsement of a site, likewise not linking to a particular site, does not represent lack of endorsement.
Copyright
Our web pages and their contents are subject to Austrian copyright laws. Unless expressly permitted by law, every form of utilizing, reproducing or processing works subject to copyright protection on our web pages requires the prior consent of the respective owner of the rights. Individual reproductions of a work are only allowed for private use, so must not serve either directly or indirectly for earnings. The commercial use of our contents without permission of the originator is prohibited. Unauthorized utilization of copyrighted works is punishable.
Copyright laws of third parties are respected as long as the contents on these websites do not originate from the provider. Contributions of third parties on this site are indicated as such. All shown trademarks are acknowledged. However, if you notice any violations of copyright law, please inform us. Such contents will be removed immediately.
Data protection
ICC respects the privacy and personal rights of every individual and therefore the security and protection of your personal information is very important to us and we treat this issue very carefully.
Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified (e.g. title, name, house address, e-mail address, phone number, bank details, credit card number). Your personal data are processed by us only in accordance with the provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy.
Newsletter
Subscribe to our ICC newsletter and stay up to date with the latest news and development!
Sign Up Now!
© 2020 International Association for Cereal Science and Technology. All Rights Reserved.
Legal Notice | Privacy Policy
FOLLOW US
About ICC Who we are ICC Officials ICC Task Forces ICC Technical Working Groups The ICC Academy Join Us Webinars Events
Publications Overview ICC News ICC Standards ICC Yearly Reports Projects Cooperations Services