https://www.mccoyseminars.com/privacy.cfm
McCoy
SEMINARS
PUBS
NEWS
TOOLS
SHOP
Privacy Policy. IT’S IMPORTANT TO US, TOO.
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.mccoyseminars.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
McCoy and Associates is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We collect only information that you voluntarily give us via email, this website, or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We may use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, for example, to ship an order. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. Security
We take appropriate precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. On all pages on this site, including those where we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), the information is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed-lock icon in the address bar of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the web page address. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. Orders, Registrations, and Subscriptions
We request information from you on our order, registration, and subscription forms. To purchase from McCoy, register for a seminar, or subscribe to a publication, we may request contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders, process your registrations, and fulfill your subscriptions. If we have difficulties with any of these, we may use this information to contact you. Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information. Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. If you have any questions or concerns about the privacy of the information McCoy collects, please email us at info@mccoyseminars.com or call us at 303-526-2674.