http://www.toxicology.org/privacy.asp
Publications & Historical Documents
SOT Statements
Advertising Opportunities
SOT on Social Media
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
ToxSci on Instagram
ToxSci on Twitter
Toxicology & You
Science News from Government Agencies
Is That Science News Relevant to Me?
Member Publications & Discounts
Toxicologists on Toxicology
Awards & Funding
Applications & Nominations
Search for an Award
View Awards by Audience
View Awards by Category
Awards Review Process & FAQs
Student & Postdoc Award FAQs
Funding for Training Opportunities
Global Senior Scholar Exchange Program (GSSEP)
Graduate Intern Fellowship in Toxicology (GIFT)
New Experiences in Toxicology Program (NEXT)
ToxScholar Outreach Grants
Supplemental Training for Education Program (STEP)
Recognizing Awardees
2020 SOT Award Recipients
SOT Award Recipients Archive
2020 Endowment Fund Award Recipients
Endowment Fund Award Recipients Archive
Research Funding Blog
Exclusive to SOT members, this blog contains information on grant and funding opportunities of relevance to toxicologists.
Read More
Careers
SOT Resources
Job Bank
Mentor Match
Internship Info
About Toxicology Careers
Becoming a Toxicologist
Careers in Regulatory Toxicology
Toxicology Salary Surveys
Career Development Resources
Education-Career Development Sessions
Career Development Webinars
CEd-Tox: Online Continuing Education
Education
CEd-Tox: Continuing Education
This online program provides 24/7 access to courses covering established knowledge and new developments in toxicology and related disciplines.
Read More
Recorded Presentations
Plenary Lectures
Career Development Webinars
Education-Career Development Sessions
Eminent Toxicologist Lectures
In Vitro Toxicology Lectures
Webinars
Resources for Educators
Undergraduate Educator
Introduction to Toxicology Slides
ToxScholar Outreach Grants
K–12 Outreach Materials
Internships
SOT provides listings of toxicology-related internship opportunities and also provides matching funding for some intern hosts.
Read More
Endowment Fund
Contribute Today
The Endowment Fund supports the future of toxicology through a series of funds designed to aid toxicologists and SOT programs.
Read More
About the Endowment Fund
About the Funds
History and Governance
Annual Reports
Funds and Contributors
Honor Roll of Contributors
Endowment Fund Awards
2020 Award Recipients
Award Recipients Archive
Review and Apply for Awards
Ways to Donate
There are many ways to contribute to the Endowment Fund—from planned giving to donations in honor of someone else.
Read More
Privacy Policy and Disclaimers
Home
Privacy Policy and Disclaimers
Privacy Policy
The Society of Toxicology (“SOT”) is committed to honoring the privacy of our members and those who visit our website and engage in our services. The Privacy Policy governs how we collect, store, and use information about our members, partners, and website visitors. It will be continuously re-examined in light of new technologies, new business practices, and the changing needs of our visitors. This privacy policy applies to all personal data processed by full-time and part-time employees, volunteers when acting on behalf of SOT, and all business processes conducted by SOT.
What Information Is Being Collected?
When you participate in, access, or sign up for membership or any of SOT’s events, services, activities, online content, webinars, online communities, or create an online account, SOT may receive personal information from you. This can consist of information such as your name, email address, telephone numbers, log-in password, location information, gender, date of birth, educational information, purchasing or payment information, subscription preferences, as well as any additional information you upload or provide to us, in addition to information collected about your use of SOT services.
Please note that sometimes we will require you to provide additional personal information, including sensitive personal information (e.g., social security numbers from US citizens who receive awards or grants from SOT), typically to comply with laws and regulations. When we do this, we will provide further information about why we are collecting your information and how we will use it.
For General Users
SOT does not collect any personal identifying information from users just browsing our website. Our server recognizes your domain name and the pages that you visit. These data are gathered in an aggregate manner for quality control, statistical purposes, and improvement of our site. While this information is never forwarded to any third parties, third-party cookies are used on the SOT website in conjunction with SOT communication tools, such as Twitter, Google Analytics, and Feathr, in order to provide us with information or services to enhance the performance and functionality of this website and other SOT communication endeavors. The information obtained by third-party cookies is non-personally identifiable information, such as browser being used, web pages visited, and other web behavior—your name, contact, and other personal information are not disclosed through the use of third-party cookies.
For SOT Members, Meeting Registrants, and Other Customers
Personal information collected from you is used to respond to your inquiries and to fulfill a service such as meeting registration, abstract submittal, or dues renewal. To gain access to the member-restricted information, members are asked to provide their email address and password. Information provided on our Membership Application(s) is used internally to determine eligibility of membership and will not be shared with a third party.
How Your Information Is Used
SOT uses this information to respond to your requests, enhance its products and services, and to improve your experience, making the organization better for all who engage with SOT. Demographic information is specifically used for the purpose of monitoring or improving the use of and satisfaction with our services. SOT ensures the security and privacy of any personally identifiable information that we collect.
SOT will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collect it unless we reasonably believe that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. We will notify you prior to any additional processing.
Legal Basis for Using Your Information
SOT will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. We may use your personal data in order to perform the contract we entered into with you. If you failed to provide personal data required to perform the contract, we may not be able to perform the contract and we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us. We will notify you if this is the case at the time.
SOT may use your personal data based on your consent. By providing SOT your personal information, you are actively agreeing to interact with us, through SOT membership and/or other events and services, and are giving us consent to use your personal data. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us. Please remember that withdrawing your consent does not remove the legal basis to use your information to perform the contract where applicable.
How Long Your Information Is Stored
Per our record retention policy, SOT maintains this information for as long as a member or other customer/partner is actively engaged with the Society and for a minimum of five years after their last interaction, to ensure that those previously engaged with the Society are provided the latest information and can more easily re-engage with the Society. SOT also maintains key accounting information for tax purposes for seven years after closure. Please refer to the section, “How can I control my information,” to see how you may manage your personal information.
Disclosure to Third Parties
SOT makes member contact and demographic information available through the SOT website, the ToXchange member network, and the Membership Directory online only to other members using the website. SOT uses your email address to respond to your request(s) and to relay membership communication such as Officer and Bylaws Ballots, the Communiqué, and important membership correspondence. Periodically, SOT may share personally identifiable information with organizations that we believe might have a product or service of interest to you. Limited data provided to third parties include name, affiliation, and business address. Your email, telephone, and fax numbers will not be disclosed to third parties.
At any time you may view and/or update your registered information by accessing your Membership Profile or User Profile for Nonmembers. Alternatively, users may contact SOT at SOT Headquarters or call 703.438.3115. You may update your online profile at any time to indicate that you do not want us to share your mailing information with third parties or to update your subscription preferences.
Responses to Legal Requests
SOT reserves the right to share your information to respond to duly authorized information requests of governmental authorities or where required by law. SOT will ensure proper communication with regulatory authorities to ensure privacy.
Do We Employ Cookies?
SOT uses cookies on its website to provide you with a personalized and enhanced online experience. These cookies make your navigation through the site easier by saving your passwords, preferences, and member profile information, as well as allowing the website to authenticate SOT members so that they may access restricted areas of the website. Cookies also show how visitors use the site and enable SOT to make improvements to the website and SOT communication activities. Any third-party cookies and web beacons used on the SOT website collect non-personally identifiable information about the user, such as the browser used to access the site, date and time of access, the URL of the page accessed, etc. The use of cookies in this manner is a widely accepted practice. Nonetheless, you can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the SOT website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
How can I control my information?
You can control the information we have about you and how we use it in several ways:
If you are a registered user, you can review, revise, and correct the personal data that you have provided to SOT via your SOT ToXchange account;
If you have received an unwanted email, use the unsubscribe method provided in our various communications and/or manage your subscription preferences online; and
If you no longer wish to interact with SOT and want your personal information deleted, you can make a request by contacting us by email at SOT Headquarters or as outlined below. SOT will delete your personal information and maintain your participation information in an anonymous fashion, so that any data we hold about how you have interacted with SOT in the past will be made anonymous.
International Transfer
SOT is headquartered in the United States and your personal data may be transferred to the United States or other locations where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. For the European Union users, the European Commission has approved the use of model contract clauses as a means of ensuring adequate protection when transferring data outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). By incorporating model contract clauses into a contract between SOT and the third-party processors that SOT engages, your information can be protected when transferred outside of the EEA to countries which have not been deemed by the European Commission to adequately protect personal data, including the United States.
European Union Privacy Rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (also known as GDPR), if you are an individual protected by the GDPR, you have the following rights:
Access: You may receive information about our processing of your personal data and a copy of your personal data.
Correct: You may request us to update or correct inaccurate data we have about you. You can also do this by accessing your information as described above.
Delete: You may ask us to delete your personal information. See above for more detail.
Opt-out: You may change your subscription setting at any time and stop receiving any direct marketing communications as described above.
Transfer: You may ask us to transfer your personal data in a machine-readable format to a third party of your choice.
Restrict: You may ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information under certain circumstances.
Object: You may object to our reliance on our legitimate interest as the basis of our processing if you believe it impacts your fundamental rights and freedoms.
Complain: You have a right to submit a complaint to the supervisory authority in the Member State in which you are located. The list of Data Protection authorities and their contact information are available on the European Commission’s website.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights above, please contact us by email at SOT Headquarters or use the Contact form on the website.
Organizations with Conflicting Missions
The very foundation of the Society is to create a safer, healthier world by advancing the science of toxicology. To this end, the Society reserves the right to not (1) accept financial support from, (2) provide, or (3) otherwise collaborate with any organization whose goals, objectives, or past actions are deemed counterproductive to those of the Society of Toxicology.
Disclaimers
International Intellectual Property and Copyright laws protect all materials contained on the SOT website. “Material” includes all text, graphics, icons, photographs, software, audio, and video. Permission is granted to download, copy, or print material for personal, instructional, or noncommercial use.
Information contained on our website does not necessarily represent the views or opinions of the Society of Toxicology. Information found on the SOT website should not be relied on as medical, legal, business, or tax advice.
The SOT website provides hyperlinks to external sites for the convenience of our visitors. Such a hyperlink doesn’t imply that the SOT endorses the content or operation of external sites. You are solely responsible for how you use any external site linked from this website.
The laws of the State of Virginia and the United States of America apply, no matter where this website is viewed. Any suits filed against SOT must be filed in the state of Virginia.
This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time, and you are urged to review it periodically. Use of this website constitutes agreement to the Policy that is posted at the time of use.
SOT Job Bank
Employers/Recruiter Disclaimer
SOT as the sponsor of this site extends no warranty or representation of any kind as to:
Whether the placement of any offer of a position was authorized by the offeror (prospective employer);
Whether the position remains open;
Whether the description of the position is accurate and complete; and
Whether the offeror subscribes to SOT’s policies and supports SOT’s objectives and mission (this is not a requirement for placement of position offers on this site).
Candidates Disclaimer
SOT in addition extends no warranty or representation as to the credentials or experience of responders (either as to whether the responder is a member of SOT and if so as to the responder’s standing within SOT) or as to the responder’s curriculum vitae, experience or repute. This is an open website not restricted to members of SOT; SOT undertakes no screening role as to responses of which it is aware and in other cases may be entirely unaware that a response has been submitted.
How to Contact SOT and Provide Feedback
Our goal is to protect your privacy. To comment on or help us to improve this privacy policy, contact us by email at SOT Headquarters or use the Contact form on the website.
SOT reviews the character of supporters and approves receiving funding from supporters. SOT reserves the right to refuse acceptance of funds from any organization whose goals, objectives, or past actions are deemed counterproductive to those of the Society. SOT does not accept contributions from tobacco or vaping companies, nor does it permit tobacco or vaping companies to be SOT Global Partners.
Approved by SOT Council May 23, 2002. Revised August 6, 2010; May 18, 2018; and October 1, 2020.
Effective October 1, 2020