https://www.deaflink.com/privacy-policy
Deaf Link, Inc.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
The information we collect from you depends on which of our services you utilize.
Website
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
We do not collect information from visitors of our site except for information you enter on our Contact Us page. Then, we only collect the information you enter: your name, email address, phone number, and your question or comments.
How do we use your information?
The information you enter on our Contact Us page is only used to respond to your question or comments.
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless you are a subscriber to our AHAS service through one of our AHAS clients, and your question or comment is better handled by that client. In that case, we will pass on your contact information and question or comment to that client.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Users can change their personal information:
• By emailing us at info@deaflink.com
• By calling us at 210-590-7446
• By writing us at:
Privacy Officer
Deaf Link, Inc.
PO Box 701826
San Antonio, TX 78270
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising
when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
We do not allow third party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The
Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the
COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must
do to protect children's privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to
children under 13.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes
requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails
stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address on our Contact Us page only to respond to your
question or comment.
Accessible Hazard Alert System (AHAS)
Deaf Link provides Accessible Hazard Alerts through its AHAS clients using its proprietary
AHAS system. In order to receive these alerts, users must subscribe to the service.
What personal information do we collect from AHAS subscribers?
When subscribers register for AHAS alerts, they provide their name, address, email
address, and cell phone number.
How do we use your information?
The information provided by AHAS subscribers is only used to send out accessible
alerts. AHAS alerts are sent to the subscriber’s email address and as a SMS
message to their cell phone.
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally
identifiable information with anyone other than the AHAS client that you are
registered with.
How do you change or delete your information?
You may change your information or unsubscribe from AHAS alerts through your
jurisdiction’s AHAS website. You may also email us at info@deaflink.com and ask to
be unsubscribed. Note that when you unsubscribe, you will no longer receive
Accessible Alerts.
Video Remote Interpreting (VRI)
Deaf Link provides Video Remote Interpreting through its VRI clients using an encrypted
video connection between the VRI client and Deaf Link.
What personal information do we collect on VRI Calls?
When a VRI call is placed, Deaf Link will collect whatever information that VRI client
requires. This usually consists of the user’s name, and some type of identifying
information (e.g. employee number, case number, or medical record number).
How do we use your information?
The information collected during a VRI call is only used for to identify the call on the
invoice that Deaf Link submits to its VRI client.
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally
identifiable information with anyone other than the VRI client.
Contacting Us:
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us at:
info@deaflink.com
PO Box 701826
San Antonio, Texas 78270
United States
Last Edited on 2018-11-05