https://www.biodynamics.com/content/terms-and-conditions-use
Skip to main content
Join or Renew
Donate
E-News
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Biodynamic Association
Last updated September 22, 2020.
Terms and Conditions of Website Use
Welcome to the Biodynamic Association’s (BDA’s) website. By browsing and using this website, you are agreeing to comply with the following terms and conditions of use, which, together with our Privacy Policy, explain our relationship to you regarding this website. Please read these terms and conditions carefully. When you use any current or future www.biodynamics.com service (e.g. Biodynamic Directory, website registration, calendar) or donate, join or renew membership, or register for events online, you will also be subject to any specific applicable terms and conditions. This website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
We do not provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness, or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website, whether authored by the BDA or by other parties. We expressly exclude liability for any inaccuracies or errors.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It is your responsibility to ensure that any products, services, or information available through this website meets your specific requirements.
This website contains materials which are owned by or licensed to us, including, but not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited except in accordance with the Copyright Notice (see below).
This website also includes links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience and for further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
This website contains a member directory and social networking and commenting functions. Use of these aspects of this website are governed by the following section on Social Use.
Social Use
The Biodynamic Directory is a membership benefit designed to help biodynamic community members better connect with one another. The calendar of events, forums, blog, course pages, Community Supported Marketplace, and online groups are benefits provided to both members and non-members to help connect people and to publicize events and other items of interest to the biodynamic community. By submitting content to or searching within the Biodynamic Directory, the calendar of events, forums, blog, Community Supported Marketplace, course pages, comment sections, surveys, webinar discussions, or online groups, you agree to be bound by these rules:
Contact information in the Biodynamic Directory is to be used for one-on-one communications only. Directory users shall not use Directory information to mass communicate in any manner, including by email, with BDA members. Directory information shall not be shared with anyone outside the BDA membership. The BDA reserves the right to revoke Directory access for any member who does not abide by these terms.
No listing or post may contain illegal, pornographic, degrading, inflammatory, abusive, or deliberately false content. The BDA retains the discretion to delete listings and posts that staff believes fail to abide by these restrictions.
Information from the Biodynamic Directory may not be used for commercial. marketing, or political purposes.
The BDA is not responsible, nor liable, for your correspondence or other relationship with any individual, business, or organization listed within the Directory, calendar of events, forums, blog, Community Supported Marketplace, course pages, comment sections, surveys, webinar discussions, or online groups.
The BDA is not responsible for the content of any website link provided in a Directory listing or on the calendar of events, forums, blog, comment sections, Community Supported Marketplace, Business Partner or sponsorship pages, or groups. Please note that once you leave the BDA's site, the BDA has no control over the content of these other websites. Listings and postings are for informational and community-building purposes only. The BDA does not endorse, warrant, or recommend the products, services, or claims of third-party individuals, businesses, or organizations. It is your responsibility to ensure that any products, services, or information listed or posted on this website meets your specific requirements.
The Biodynamic Association is not a certifier and cannot verify claims made in the Biodynamic Directory, Community Supported Marketplace, Business Partner or sponsorship pages, or elsewhere by farmers, food companies, or others. If you are a consumer seeking Biodynamic® products, we encourage you to speak directly with the producers listed here about their farming and processing practices or contact our sister organization, Demeter USA, which certifies Biodynamic® farms and products.
The BDA reserves the right at any time and periodically to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Directory, calendar of events, forums, blog, or groups (or any part thereof) with or without notice.
Copyright Notice
Unless otherwise stated, all content on this website (such as text, photographs, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, and data compilations) is the property of the BDA, ©2020. All rights reserved. All software used on this site is the property of the BDA and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.  The BDA's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not the BDA's, unless explicitly permitted in writing by the BDA.  All other trademarks not owned by the BDA that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by the BDA. Any distribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
You may print or download website content to a local hard drive or disk extract for your personal and non-commercial use, with the exception of contact information listed in the Biodynamic Directory.
You may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, with acknowledgement of this website as the source of the material, with the exception of contact information listed in the Biodynamic Directory. Directory information shall not be shared with anyone outside of the BDA membership.
Contact us for express written permission for all other distribution and reproduction, including for commercial uses. To request permission, contact Rebecca Briggs, at rebecca@biodynamics.com or (262) 649-9212 ext. 3.
Your Agreement to the Terms
Your access and use of the BDA's website or any service on it signifies that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use. By accessing or using the BDA's website or service you also represent that you have the legal authority to accept the Terms on behalf of yourself and any party you represent in connection with your use of any Website or Service. If you do not agree to the Terms, you are not authorized to use the BDA's website or service.
Termination of Agreement
These Terms and Conditions of Use and any additional terms will continue to apply until terminated by either you or by the BDA (as set out above). Your right to access and use the BDA's website and services terminates automatically upon your breach of any of the Terms and Conditions of Use that apply to any part of the BDA's website or services.
Directory Navigation
About the Directory
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions of Use
Feedback