https://www.healthcord.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyEditor2020-05-17T07:57:43+00:00
Privacy Policy
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and fax number. When registering with Healthcord, you may be asked to submit information about other individuals involved in the cord blood banking service, for example, the name and personal information of the father and delivery physician. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected include the patient’s name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number. You are fully responsible for the information that you have provided to Healthcord. Agents and contractors of Healthcord who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice, e.g. not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Healthcord. Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. We have no responsibility for linked Web sites and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. If you have any questions or concerns about the Healthcord online policy for this site or its implementation you may contact us at info@healthcord.com. If you choose to give us personal information via the Internet that we or our business partners may need — to correspond with you or process an order, it is our intent to let you know how we will use such information. When you register from the Healthcord Online Registration Form, we use your information to process your order. We will also send you emails to confirm your order, and we may need to contact you via phone, postal mail or email if we have other questions regarding your order. We do not share, rent or sell any information we collect online to any unaffiliated third party. We also do our best to provide a safe and convenient online shopping experience. We safeguard the integrity of our customers’ information. If you are not comfortable with shopping online, you can reach us at 1-877-714-6361.
Information Safety
Protecting the safety of your information is important to us. The Healthcord Online Registration Form uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your information as it is transmitted to us. SSL is the gold standard in Internet encryption technology. SSL is a method of scrambling data as it travels from your computer to our website’s servers. To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal information, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser), then SSL is active. To double-check for security, look at the URL or Location line of your browser. If you have accessed a secure server, the first characters of the address in that line should change from “http” to “https.” If for any reason you cannot access the secure server, an order can also be placed by phone or by mail by downloading our mail-in order form. Our Customer Service representatives will be happy to assist you.
Request Your Free Information Pack Today!
Newborn stem cells are only available at birth. Take this once in a lifetime opportunity to give the gift of health.
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone #
Projected Due Date
Where did you hear about us?
- Select One -Internet AdvertisementPhysicianNewspaper or MagazineTrade ShowFriends or RelativesExisting ClientRadioTelevisionMidwifeDoulaBirthing House
Request Info Pack
Great!
We’ve added you to the list.
Check your email for more.
×
Sale! $250 off Cord Blood & Cord Tissue or $150 off for Cord Blood Only + Free Shipping
Client LoginNEW!
1-888-802-0706 toll free within Canada