http://www.dft.gov.uk/help/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
Tell us whether you accept cookies
We use cookies to collect information about how you use GOV.UK. We use this information to make the website work as well as possible and improve government services.
Accept all cookies
Set cookie preferences
You’ve accepted all cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time.
Hide
Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Guidance and support
Brexit transition
Take action now for new rules in 2021
Help using GOV.UK
Find out about GOV.UK, including the use of cookies, accessibility of the site, the privacy notice and terms and conditions of use.
About GOV.UK
Information about the website and the team that are building it
Accessibility
Details of accessibility and help using the internet
Beta services on GOV.UK
How new services are developed on GOV.UK and what it means for users
Browsers
Information about browsers and how to upgrade yours
Cookies
How cookies are used on GOV.UK and each cookie’s purpose
GOV.UK email notifications
How to create a GOV.UK email notification account and update your subscription preferences
Privacy notice
GOV.UK’s approach to users’ privacy
Reuse GOV.UK content
How to reuse GOV.UK content through APIs and site scraping
Terms and conditions
Information about the use of GOV.UK and liability
Brexit transition
21 days to go
Check you’re ready for 2021
Related content
Government contacts
Is this page useful?
Maybe
Yes this page is useful
No this page is not useful
Thank you for your feedback
There is something wrong with this page
Close
Help us improve GOV.UK
Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.
What were you doing?
What went wrong?
Send
Close
Help us improve GOV.UK
To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. We’ll send you a link to a feedback form. It will take only 2 minutes to fill in. Don’t worry we won’t send you spam or share your email address with anyone.
Email address
Send me the survey