http://www.superteacherworksheets.com/privacy-policy.html
Log In
Become a Member
Membership Info
Math
Addition
Algebra & Pre-Algebra
Angles
Area
Comparing Numbers
Counting
Daily Math Review
Decimals
Division (Basic)
Division (Long Division)
Fractions
Geometry
Graphing
Hundreds Charts
Measurement
Money
Multiplication (Basic)
Multiplication (Multi-Digit)
Order of Operations
Ordered Pairs
Percents
Perimeter
Place Value
Probability
Rounding
Skip Counting
Subtraction
Telling Time
Volume
Word Problems (Daily)
More Math Worksheets
Reading Comprehension
Reading Comprehension Gr. 1
Reading Comprehension Gr. 2
Reading Comprehension Gr. 3
Reading Comprehension Gr. 4
Reading Comprehension Gr. 5
Reading Comprehension Gr. 6
Reading Comprehension
Reading & Writing
Reading Worksheets
Cause & Effect
Fact & Opinion
Graphic Organizers
Proofreading
Synonyms & Antonyms
Writing Prompts
Writing Story Pictures
Writing Worksheets
More
ELA Worksheets
Phonics
Consonant Sounds
Vowel Sounds
Consonant Blends
Consonant Digraphs
Word Families
More
Phonics Worksheets
Early Literacy
Alphabet
Build Sentences
Sight Word Units
Sight Words (Individual)
More Early Literacy
Grammar
Nouns
Verbs
Adjectives
Adverbs
Pronouns
Punctuation
Syllables
Subjects and Predicates
More Grammar Worksheets
Spelling Lists
Spelling Grade 1
Spelling Grade 2
Spelling Grade 3
Spelling Grade 4
Spelling Grade 5
More Spelling Worksheets
Chapter Books
Bunnicula
Charlotte's Web
Magic Tree House #1
Boxcar Children
More Literacy Units
Science
Animal (Vertebrate) Groups
Animal Articles
Butterfly Life Cycle
Electricity
Human Body
Matter (Solid, Liquid, Gas)
Simple Machines
Space - Solar System
Weather
More Science Worksheets
Social Studies
50 States
Explorers
Landforms
Maps (Geography)
Maps (Map Skills)
More Social Studies
Holidays
Christmas
New Year's
Martin Luther King
Winter
More Holiday Worksheets
Puzzles & Brain Teasers
Brain Teasers
Logic:  Addition Squares
Mystery Graph Pictures
Number Detective
Lost in the USA
More Thinking Puzzles
Teacher Helpers
Teaching Tools
Award Certificates
More Teacher Helpers
Pre-K and Kindergarten
Alphabet (ABCs)
Numbers and Counting
Shapes (Basic)
More Kindergarten
Worksheet Generator
Word Search Generator
Multiple Choice Generator
Fill-in-the-Blanks Generator
More Generator Tools
S.T.W.
Full Website Index
Help Files
Contact
Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.
Our email address can be found at the bottom of this page.
At www.superteacherworksheets.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information that is received and collected by www.superteacherworksheets.com and how it is used.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We also use Google Analytics to track location, number of visitors on our site, and other anonymous data.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
(Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to remember your login, keep you signed in as you browse through the site, and save your preferences for future visits.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.superteacherworksheets.com
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
T.P.W. Websites, LLC
SuperTeacherWorksheets.com is part of T.P.W. Websites, LLC.
Our mailing address:2 Main StreetTonawanda, NY 14150
Our fax number is 716-260-2516support@superteacherworksheets.com
See Also:
Terms of UsePlease read our terms of use.
HelpIf you need help with billing, logging in, or technical issues, please read the help files.
Contact UsWrite to us with your questions, comments, or concerns.
Please Log In to Super Teacher Worksheets
Username:
Password:
Submit
Can't remember your password?
Not a member yet? Join Today!
×
My Account
Become a Member
Membership Information
Site License Information
Login
Site Information
Help / FAQ
Full Site Index
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Contact Us
Useful Links
Homepage
What's New?
Blog
Newsletter
Generators
Monthly Contest
Social Media
Follow Us
Not a Member?
For complete access to thousands of printable lessons click the button or the link below.
Become a Member
© 2020 Super Teacher Worksheets