http://www.sfwmd.gov/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting www.sfwmd.gov. Your privacy is very important to us.
Simply stated, our policy is to collect no personal information about you when you visit our site, unless you tell us you have chosen to make such information available to us.
If you do choose to share your personal information, either by subscribing to an e-newsletter, sending a message, requesting information, or by filling out a survey or any other electronic form with your personal information – that information will typically only be used for the purposes you authorize.
ABOUT YOUR E-MAIL: Under Florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public-records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.
Some of this information may be saved for a designated period of time in order to comply with the state of Florida's archiving policies. However, information will not be disclosed to third parties or other government agencies, unless required by state or federal law, including Chapter 119 of the Florida Statutes.
When you visit www.sfwmd.gov, (or any other Internet Web site), the Web server automatically recognizes only the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed the site. This information does not result in the identification of your personal e-mail address, or any other personal information.
We also gather collective information about the volume and timing of our visitors' access to the site by collecting information on the date, time and pages you visited while at the site. We do this to measure which sections of our site visitors find most useful so that we can work to improve the content of the site. This information is not shared with other organizations. Again, only aggregate information is collected, and your personal information is not identified.
If you have other questions about the South Florida Water Management District's Internet Privacy Policies, please e-mail us Privacy@sfwmd.gov, or call (561) 682-2063.