http://www.autoscribe.co.uk/privacy-policy
Autoscribe Privacy NoticePrivacy NoticeWe have created this “plain English” Privacy Notice to tell you how we gather, protect and use any personal data for business to business (B2B) purposes.What information do we collect?We collect your business contact details (name, email, company, job title, contact number, address) when you download information, contact us or join our mailing list so that we can follow up with you to ensure you got the information you need. We don’t sell this data to any third party.Autoscribe Informatics also markets our products and services via trusted distributors and third parties who use relevant potential customer lists to reach out to potential B2B customers in our market via advertising, emails and similar. We occasionally acquire relevant, market specific, third party B2B lists from such trusted sources where specific consent has been given. We may also use derived or inferred data from other data sources to help augment and segment this data for B2B marketing purposes. As part of the ongoing process of improving our website, its content and the services we provide, we use cookies to record information about where visitors go on the website. Please see our Cookie Policy for further details on this.Purpose and lawfulness of data collection We collect and use business contact details for the legitimate interests of Autoscribe Informatics. Specifically, under EU GDPR Lawfulness of processing (Article 6(1f)), we maintain a list of actual and potential customers for our Laboratory Informatics products and solutions for B2B marketing and sales purposes. We are registered with the ICO in the under UK registration number Z7232860. How will we use this information?We will contact you using the business contact details provided to confirm any information provided is what you required. We may also use the business contact details to send other product information, offers and newsletters which we think will be relevant and of interest to you. We deal with business (Corporate B2B) contact details under the Privacy and Electronic Communications (PECR) and GDPR regulations. Specifically see ICO Guidance Document paragraphs 142-145 for details about B2B emails and your rights to opt-out.We use the information collected from website analytics to improve our website and the product and services we offer and help potential customers navigate our website more easily. We don’t sell analytics data to any third party.Accessing or deleting your informationYou have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. To do this please email us requesting this. You may also ask us to simply delete the information that we hold about you if you no longer want us to hold this information.We will update the information held about you if you move job or company as soon as we are made aware of this. If you know who is taking over your old job please also let us know. It is our intention to market our products and services only relevant people within our market sector.Stopping us from contacting youWe take great care to contact only B2B Corporate customers and potential customers who may be interested in our products and services and hope we don’t offend anyone. All automated email communication includes an unsubscribe link which you may use to instantly stop any further B2B email communication. To opt-out of receiving telephone calls or information by post (as well as by email) you can email us requesting this.How to contact usPlease contact us if you have any question about our privacy notice.Information We Automatically GatherAs part of the ongoing process of improving our website, its content and the services we provide, we may record information about your computer by the use of "Cookies". Cookies identify your PC and are sent to your browser when you visit our website to assist the website to recognise your PC when you return to the website. You can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you a chance to decide whether or not to accept it.Information Provided by YouOur website makes provision for individuals to supply their personal information. All information collected via the website or from received email may be used by Autoscribe Informatics. We also buy permission based contact lists where they have agreed to be contacted by third parties.Data UseYou agree that we may use your personal data (as supplied above) to keep you informed of any activities undertaken by us which we believe may be of interest to you. Part of our use of your information may include sending you e-mail messages or newsletters. We do not share or sell any data that you provide with 3rd parties. If you do not wish to receive messages please unsubscribe from the mailing list using links supplied at the bottom of the message or send an email to unsubscribe@autoscribe.co.uk with the subject line 'Remove'. Legal DisclosureIn some cases Autoscribe may be required to disclose your information to comply with legal requirements.Updates to your Information and QuestionsIf you wish to have your information updated or if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy then please email: matrix@autoscribe.co.uk.
Download PDFThank you for your interest. Please complete the form to access this document. We respect privacy and your personal details will not be shared.
Name
Job Title
Company
Work Email
State/Country
Telephone
Optional Q 1
(below if ticked) Please contact me to discuss a demo or quotation
Optional Q 2
(below if ticked) I would like to receive news and promotions via email
Submit