https://www.cleyspy.co.uk/terms-conditions/
HomeAboutDelivery & ReturnsOur ServiceBuying GuidesContact UsWebcamRelated Websites
01263 740088
Home / Terms & ConditionsTerms & ConditionsShipping & DeliveryOrders received by 12 noon are normally despatched on the same day. Please note that orders placed at a weekend will not be despatched until Monday, orders placed on a bank holiday weekend will be sent out on Tuesday. Deliveries to offshore UK Destinations and the Scottish Highlands can take up to three days. Standard UK Postage Mainland UK Destinations – Free Next Day Mainland UK Destinations – £10.50 UK Offshore Destinations – £10.50 International Mulepack & ED50 Stay on Case – £12.99 International Deliveries We are able to send the Mulepack and ED50 Stay on Case to any international destination for £12.99, please make sure this option is selected when viewing your basket. For other items to international destinations please contact us first for shipping costs. We are unable to despatch items with the incorrect postage option selected.Privacy & SecurityCookies are small files that get put on your computer by websites as you surf them. These cookies can store lots of information which can have privacy implications. We like to think all the cookies used on this site are fairly innocuous but that’s for you to judge. We also make use of temporary “Session Cookies” to determine if you have logged into the password protected areas of our website. These only exist while your web browser is open and are wiped as soon as you close the window. Anonymous tracking software We use Google Analytics (just like virtually everybody else) a service provided by Google. They gather anonymous data on how people are using this site and then provide us with visitor statistics, details of page views etc. You can think of it as being a bit like CCTV but one that automatically blurs your face so we can see what people have done, but not who. If you are anti-Google you can opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout (we’d prefer you didn’t though as this data is seriously helpful to us in improving our website).Returns & ReplacementsWhen purchasing remotely (internet or mail order sales) you have the right to cancel the order within seven days of the receipt of goods. If the goods are to be returned they must be in a saleable condition without straps or accessories having been used or unpacked. Payments will be refunded by the same method the original payment was made, however the cost of postage and packing will not be refunded.
Cley Spy
Tweets by CleySpy
© Copyright Cley Spy, 2020 |
Web Design & Marketing by
We use third-party cookies to enhance your user experience. By using our website you consent to accepting third-party cookies Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.