http://www.surgevessels.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Just so you know... by browsing our site you are agreeing to the use of cookies. Cookies are tiny bits of data your web browser stores to make your online experience better.									Click here for more details
x
MenuHome
Products
Surge Control Refurbishment
Surge Vessel Systems
Intelligent Surge Control
Duplex Pressure Relief Valve
Compressor Packages
Surge System Spares
Support
Case Studies
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This website is made available to you by (QED) Quantum Engineering Developments. This privacy policy outlines how we may use your personal information.”Personal information” refers to any information that refers to you personally such as your name and e-mail address. Please read this privacy policy to understand how we use your personal information after it has been collected by us.
When do we collect data?QED may collect personal information from you when you do the following through our Websites:
Register to receive our newsletters
Downloads from our resources pages
Contact us with a question or complaint
We also collect certain information automatically about visitors to our website, as described in the section headed “Cookies” below.
What personal information do we collect from youThe personal information we may collect from you includes your:
Name
Company name
Email address
What do we do with your personal informationWhen you give us any personal information as indicated above, we use your personal information to:
Provide you with information about our products and services, our latest news or special offers, which may be of interest to you.
For website administration (including enabling us to respond to any comments on the websites or feedback you may give us).
To whom do we pass your personal information?We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we give you prior warning. We will only disclose personal information to government bodies and law enforcement agencies, successors in title to our business and suppliers we engage to process data on our behalf.
We use cookies to:Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer a better site experience and tools in the future. We may use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. If you disable cookies it may affect your site experience and some services will not function properly.
If at any time you like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can:
Follow the unsubscribe option on the bottom of the emails.
Or email sales@quantumeng.co.uk
Last edited 30.3.2015
Sign Up For QED's Email NewsletterGain valuable adviceKeep up-to-date with legislationLearn about new technology
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
Let Our Experts Answer Your Surge Control Questions On:
Network vulnerability
Product effectiveness
Operational efficiency
Legislative compliance
Contact Us Today
Your name:Your company:Your email address:*
Your question:
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.