https://www.ionactive.co.uk/privacy-confidentiality
Home
Privacy & confidentiality
Privacy & confidentiality
Ionactive Consulting Limited is committed to protecting your privacy. If we ask you to provide information, it will only be used in the ways described in this privacy policy.
This policy is updated from time to time. The latest version was updated on 7 February 2019, to comply with General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation, the data controller is Ionactive Consulting Limited (referred to as ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’ in this privacy policy). The company is registered in England and Wales under company registration number 5452329 and whose registered office is Building W020, TOB1, University of Reading, Earley Gate, Reading, Berkshire, RG6 6AT.
If you have any questions about this policy, please email dp@ionactive.co.uk or write to us.
How we collect data
We gather and use certain information about individuals in order to provide products and services. This might be in person, over the phone, on email or via the contact form on this website. The information submitted via the contact form on this site is sent as an email and stored in the mailbox of mark.ramsay@ionactive.co.uk
It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing dp@ionactive.co.uk.
What data we collect
We may collect the following information in order to provide you with products and services:
Name and job titleContact information including email addressDemographic information, such as postcode, preferences and interestsBasic details of your business with respect to ionising radiation useOther information relevant to client enquiriesWe will collect the following information if you fill in our contact form on the website:
NameEmail addressTelephone numberAny information you provide in the message boxWe do not collect any sensitive data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
How we use this data
Specifically, we may use data:
For our own internal recordsTo improve the products and services we provideTo contact you in response to a specific enquiryTo send you promotional emails about products, services, legislation updates relevant to radiation protection and other things we think might be relevant to youTo send you promotional mailings or to call you about products, services, legislation updates relevant to radiation protection and other things we think might be relevant to youIf at any time you would like to stop receiving promotional mailings, emails and phone calls, we have included instructions in the section 'Your rights', below.
Security
We will always hold your information securely.
To prevent unauthorised disclosure, access, alteration or destruction to your information, we adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices. We have also implemented strong physical and electronic security safeguards.
Links from our site
Our website may contain links to other websites.
Please note that we have no control over these websites. If you provide information to a website to which we link, we are not responsible for its protection and privacy.
Always be wary when submitting data to websites. Read the site’s data protection and privacy policies fully.
Sharing your personal information
We will never lease, distribute or sell your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission.
The only other occasion that we would share your personal information to a third party is if we were under a duty to disclose or share in order to comply with any legal obligation, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Ionactive Consulting Limited, its clients, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your rights
If you have agreed that we can use your information for marketing purposes, you can change your mind easily, via one of these methods:
Send an email to dp@ionactive.co.ukWrite to us with your preferencesThe General Data Protection regulation gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the regulations. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Our contact details
Ionactive Consulting Limited400 Thames Valley Park DriveThames Valley Park,ReadingRG6 1PTUnited Kingdomdp@ionactive.co.uk
Acceptance
By using this website, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not submit your details via our contact form. Your submission of information will be deemed your acceptance of this policy.
Any personal information we hold about you is stored and processed under our data protection policy, in line with the Data Protection Act 1998 and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as of 25th May 2018.
Cookies
Google Analytics: This site uses Google Analytics as a way to measure and report statistics of user interactions whilst navigating around the site, with the aim of improving user experience. This is done by using first-party cookies, data related to the device/browser, IP address and activity of the user, stored in the user’s own computer. Users may disable cookies or delete any individual cookie at any time. Click here to learn more.