https://www.wolflabs.co.uk/termsandconditions
Homepage
Browse by Manufacturer
Browse by Manufacturer
News
Special Offers
Login
Login
Login
Login
0
About Wolflabs
Need Help?
Contact Us
Prize Draw
Register / Login
0
HOME
LABORATORY PRODUCTS
MANUFACTURERS
NEWS
Home
TERMS & CONDITONS
WEBSITE USE
THE SUPPLY OF GOODS
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITETERMS OF WEBSITE USEThese Terms of Website Use (together with the documents referred to in it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.wolflabs.co.uk (our site), whether as a guest or a registered user. Use of our site includes accessing, browsing, or registering to use our site.
Please read these Terms of Website Use carefully before you start to use our site, as these will apply to your use of our site. We recommend that you print a copy of this for future reference.
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these Terms of Website Use and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our site.
OTHER APPLICABLE TERMSThese Terms of Website Use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:
Our Privacy Policy, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.If you purchase goods from our site, our Website Terms & Conditions of Sale will apply to the sales. INFORMATION ABOUT USwww.wolflabs.co.uk is a site operated by Wolf Laboratories Limited ("We"). We are a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number  {Company Number} and have our registered office at Colenso House, 1 Deans Lane, Pocklington, YORK, YO42 2PX. Our VAT number is  630936834.
CHANGES TO THESE TERMSWe may revise these Terms of Website Use at any time by amending this page.
Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you.
CHANGES TO OUR SITEWe may update our site from time to time, and may change the content at any time. However, please note that any of the content on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.
ACCESSING OUR SITEOur site is made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our site without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these Terms of Website Use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
Our site is directed to people residing in the United Kingdom. We do not represent that content available on or through our site is appropriate or available in other locations. We may limit the availability of our site or any service or product described on our site to any person or geographic area at any time. If you choose to access our site from outside the United Kingdom, you do so at your own risk.
YOUR ACCOUNT AND PASSWORDIf you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms of Website Use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us by telephoning our customer service team at
01759 301142 or by e-mailing us using our online form here. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTSWe are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it.
Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these Terms of Website Use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
NO RELIANCE ON INFORMATIONThe content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up-to-date.
LIMITATION OF OUR LIABILITYNothing in these Terms of Website Use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our site or any content on it, whether express or implied.
We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our site; oruse of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.If you are a business user, please note that in particular, we will not be liable for:loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;business interruption;loss of anticipated savings;loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; orany indirect or consequential loss or damage.If you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on our site. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any goods by use to you, which will be set out in our Website Terms & Conditions of Sale.
UPLOADING CONTENT TO OUR SITEWhenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our site, or to make contact with other users of our site, you must comply with our Content Standards (see below).
You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. If you are a consumer user, this means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
Any content you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all of your ownership rights in your content, but you are required to grant us and other users of the Site a limited licence to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties. The rights you license to us are described in the next paragraph (Rights you licence).
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any content posted by you or any other user of our site.
We have the right to remove any posting you make on our site if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out above.
The views expressed by other users on our site do not represent our views or values.
You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content.
RIGHTS YOU LICENCEWhen you upload or post content to our site, you grant the following licenses:
a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable licence to us to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, and display content you upload on our site in connection with our site and generally in our business (including to promote our site or any of our products).a licence to view, use and copy your content to other users of our site. VIRUSESWe do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
LINKING TO OUR SITEYou may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you.Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page.We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with our content standards listed above.If you wish to make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact us. THIRD PARTY LINKS AND RESOURCES IN OUR SITEWhere our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
PROHIBITED USESYou may use our site only for lawful purposes.
You may not use our site:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our Content Standards (see below).To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spamTo knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.You also agree:Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:any part of our site;any equipment or network on which our site is stored; any software used in the provision of our site; or any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party. WE COLLECT:Questions, queries or feedback you leave, including your email address and telephone number if
you contact us via www.wolflabs.co.uk, by phone, by email or by placing an order.Your email address when you sign up to our website or contact us using a company email
address to receive our marketing emails, and information on how you use our emails - for
example whether you open them and which links you click on.Information on how you use the site, using cookies.The data entered when you request a quote, place an order, or open an account via
www.wofllabs.co.uk. THIS DATA CAN ONLY BE VIEWED BY AUTHORISED PEOPLE IN WOLF LABORATORIES TO:Improve the site by monitoring how you use it.Gather feedback to improve our services, for example our email alerts.Respond to any requests you send us, if you’ve asked us to.Send marketing emails to users who have not opted out.Allow you to access special pricing on our website and make transactions
WHERE YOUR DATA IS STOREDWe store your data on secure servers in the European Economic Area (EEA). KEEPING YOUR DATA SECUREWe implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information
when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via
Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway provider’s
database only accessible to those authorised with special access rights to such systems, who
are required to keep the information confidential.We are responsible for the information that we collect and committed to ensuring that your
information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in
place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
information we collect online.Our Payment Service Provider is Sage Pay – the largest independent payment service provider
(PSP) in the UK and Ireland.Sage Pay provides a secure payment gateway (Level 1 PCI DSS), processing payments for
thousands of online businesses, including ours. It is Sage Pay’s utmost priority to ensure that
transaction data is handled in a safe and secure way.Sage Pay uses a range of secure methods such as fraud screening, IP address blocking and 3D
secure. Once on the Sage Pay systems, all sensitive data is secured using the same
internationally recognised 256-bit encryption standards.Sage Pay is PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) compliant to the highest
level and maintains regular security audits. They are also regularly audited by the banks and
banking authorities to ensure that their systems are impenetrable.Sage Pay is an active member of the PCI Security Standards Council (PCI SSC) that defines
card industry global regulation.
In addition, you know that your session is in a secure encrypted environment when you see
https:// in the web address, and/or when you see the locked padlock symbol alongside the URL.So, when buying through our site you can be sure that you are completely protected.We have procedures and security features in place to keep your data secure once we receive it,
however please bear in mind that no internet transmission is 100% secure. We can’t guarantee
the security of your data while it’s in transit: any data you send is at your own risk.No data is transferred or taken off site on personal devices.
WOLFLABS' ANNUAL PRIZE DRAWThis free prize draw is open to all UK residents working within a laboratory aged 16 or over except for the families,
agencies or any other company directly connected with Wolf Laboratories who receive a quotation between 1st
January and 24th December each year and register for entry. You do not need to buy anything to be entered.Receipt of a quotation does not ensure automatic entry into the prize draw. The customer must either register for
entry at www.wolflabs.co.uk or email a member of the Wolf team advising they wish to be entered.  INTERACTIVE SERVICESWe may from time to time provide interactive services on our site, including, without limitation:
Chat roomsBulletin boards(interactive services).Where we do provide any interactive service, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical).
We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users (and in particular, for children) from third parties when they use any interactive service provided on our site, and we will decide in each case whether it is appropriate to use moderation of the relevant service (including what kind of moderation to use) in the light of those risks. However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on our site, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the service is moderated or not.
The use of any of our interactive services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian. We advise parents who permit their children to use an interactive service that it is important that they communicate with their children about their safety online, as moderation is not fool proof. Minors who are using any interactive service should be made aware of the potential risks to them.
Where we do moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise.
CONTENT STANDARDSThese content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to our site (contributions), and to any interactive services associated with it.
You must comply with the spirit and the letter of the following standards. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.
Contributions must:
Be accurate (where they state facts).Be genuinely held (where they state opinions).Comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.Contributions must not:Contain any material which is defamatory of any person.Contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory.Promote sexually explicit material.Promote violence.Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.Infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person.Be likely to deceive any person.Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.Promote any illegal activity.Be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.Be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person.Give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case.Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse. SUSPENSION AND TERMINATIONWe will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of these Terms of Website Use through your use of our site.
When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
Failure to comply with these Terms of Website Use constitutes a material breach of the terms upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site.Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our site.Issue of a warning to you.Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.Further legal action against you.Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of these Terms of Website Use.
The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate. APPLICABLE LAWIf you are a consumer, please note that these Terms of Website Use, its subject matter and its formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree to that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
If you are a business, these Terms of Website Use, its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
CONTACT US
To contact us, please use our online email form here.
Thank you for visiting our site.
V2/26062018Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 NOTE: The Customer's attention is particularly drawn to the provisions of clause 12. 1. Interpretation  1.1 Definitions. In these Conditions, the following definitions apply: Business Day: a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday) when banks in London are open for business. Commencement Date: has the meaning set out in clause 2.2 Conditions: these terms and conditions as amended from time to time in accordance with clause 16.7. Contract: the contract between the Supplier and the Customer for the supply of Goods and/or Services in accordance with these Conditions. Customer: the person or firm who purchases the Goods and/or Services from the Supplier. Deliverables: the deliverables set out in the Order. Delivery Location: has the meaning set out in clause 4.2 Force Majeure Event: has the meaning given to it in clause 15.1. Goods: the goods (or any part of them) set out in the Order. Goods Specification: any written specification for the Goods specified by the relevant goods manufacturer (or by the Supplier), including any relevant plans or drawings. Intellectual Property Rights: all patents, rights to inventions, utility models, copyright and related rights, trade marks, service marks, trade, business and domain names, rights in trade dress or get-up, rights in goodwill or to sue for passing off, unfair competition rights, rights in designs, rights in computer software, database right, topography rights, moral rights, rights in confidential information (including know-how and trade secrets) and any other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all applications for and renewals or extensions of such rights, and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection in any part of the world. Order: the Customer's order for the supply of Goods and/or Services, as set out the Customer's purchase order or sent electronically, or the Customer's written or electronic acceptance of the Supplier's quotation, as the case may be. Services: the services (if any), including the Deliverables, supplied by the Supplier to the Customer as set out in the Service Specification (which may include installation or repair services). Service Specification: the description or specification for the Services provided in writing by V2/26062018  Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 the Supplier to the Customer. Supplier: Wolf Laboratories Limited registered office: Colenso House, Deans Lane, Pocklington, York
YO42 2PX. Supplier Materials: has the meaning set out in clause 8.1(g). 1.2 Construction. In these Conditions, the following rules apply: (a) a person includes a natural person, corporate or unincorporated body (whether or not having separate legal personality); (b) a reference to a party includes its personal representatives, successors or permitted assigns; (c) a reference to a statute or statutory provision is a reference to such statute or statutory provision as amended or re-enacted. A reference to a statute or statutory provision includes any subordinate legislation made under that statute or statutory provision, as amended or re-enacted; (d) any phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms; and (e) a reference to writing or written includes faxes and e-mails. 2. Basis of Contract 2.1 The Order constitutes an offer by the Customer to purchase Goods and/or Services in accordance with these Conditions. 2.2 The Order shall only be deemed to be accepted when the Supplier issues written acceptance of the Order (or, if earlier, when the Supplier performs the Services or delivers the Goods, as the case may be) at which point and on which date the Contract shall come into existence (Commencement Date). 2.3 The Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the parties. The Customer acknowledges that it has not relied on any statement, promise or representation made or given by or on behalf of the Supplier which is not set out in the Contract. 2.4 Any samples, drawings, descriptive matter or advertising issued by the Supplier and any descriptions of the Goods or illustrations or descriptions of the Services contained in the V2/26062018  Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 Supplier's catalogues or brochures are issued or published for the sole purpose of giving an approximate idea of the Services and/or Goods described in them. They shall not form part of the Contract or have any contractual force. 2.5 These Conditions apply to the Contract to the exclusion of any other terms that the Customer seeks to impose or incorporate, or which are implied by trade, custom, practice or course of dealing. 2.6 Any quotation given by the Supplier shall not constitute an offer, and is only valid for a period of 28 days from its date of issue (unless an alternative validity period is specified in the quotation). 2.7 All of these Conditions shall apply to the supply of both Goods and Services except where application to one or the other is specified. 3. Goods 3.1 The Goods are described in the Supplier's catalogue or the relevant manufacturer’s sales literature, as modified by any applicable Goods Specification. 3.2 To the extent that the Goods are to be manufactured in accordance with a Goods Specification supplied by the Customer (or the Customer’s customer), the Customer shall indemnify the Supplier against all liabilities, costs, expenses, damages and losses (including any direct, indirect or consequential losses, loss of profit, loss of reputation and all interest, penalties and legal and other reasonable professional costs and expenses) suffered or incurred by the Supplier in connection with any claim made against the Supplier for actual or alleged infringement of a third party's intellectual property rights arising out of or in connection with the Supplier's use of the Goods Specification. This clause 3.2 shall survive termination of the Contract. 3.3 The Supplier reserves the right to amend the specification of the Goods if required by any applicable statutory or regulatory requirements. 4. Delivery of Goods 4.1 The Supplier shall ensure that: (a) each delivery of the Goods is accompanied by a delivery note which shows the relevant Customer and Supplier order reference numbers, the type and quantity of the Goods (including the Supplier’s code number of the Goods, where applicable), special storage V2/26062018  Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 instructions (if any) and, if the Order is being delivered by instalments, the outstanding balance of Goods remaining to be delivered; and (b) if the Supplier requires the Customer to return any packaging material to the Supplier, that fact is clearly stated on the delivery note. The Customer shall make any such packaging materials available for collection at such times as the Supplier shall reasonably request. Returns of packaging materials shall be at the Supplier's expense. 4.2 Where it has been agreed that the Goods will be delivered by the Supplier, the Supplier shall arrange for the delivery the Goods to the location set out in the Order or such other location as the parties may agree (Delivery Location) at any time after the Goods are ready. Alternatively, where it has been agreed that the Customer will collect the Goods from the Supplier, delivery will be effected by the Customer collecting the Goods from the Supplier's warehouse at Wilford Industrial Estate, Ruddington Lane, Wilford, Nottingham NG11 7EP or such other location as may be advised by the Supplier before delivery (Collection Location) within 3 Business Days of the Supplier notifying the Customer that the Goods are ready. 4.3 Delivery of the Goods shall be completed on the Goods' arrival at the Delivery Location or (as the case may be) upon completion of loading of the Goods at the Collection Location. 4.4 Any dates quoted for delivery of the Goods are approximate only, and the time of delivery is not of the essence. The Supplier shall not be liable for any delay in delivery of the Goods that is caused by a Force Majeure Event or the Customer's failure to provide the Supplier with adequate delivery instructions or any other instructions that are relevant to the supply of the Goods. 4.5 If the Customer fails to accept or take delivery of the Goods within 5 Business Days of the Supplier notifying the Customer that the Goods are ready, then except where such failure or delay is caused by a Force Majeure Event or by the Supplier's failure to comply with its obligations under the Contract in respect of the Goods: (a) delivery of the Goods shall be deemed to have been completed at 9.00 am on the 6th Business Day following the day on which the Supplier notified the Customer that the Goods were ready; and (b) the Supplier shall store the Goods until delivery takes place, and charge the Customer for all related costs and expenses (including insurance). V2/26062018  Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 4.6 If 10 Business Days after the Supplier notified the Customer that the Goods were ready for delivery the Customer has not accepted or taken delivery of them, the Supplier may resell or otherwise dispose of part or all of the Goods and, after deducting from the proceeds its reasonable storage and selling costs of the Goods, charge the Customer for any shortfall below the price of the Goods under the Contract. 4.7 The Customer shall not be entitled to reject the Goods if the Supplier delivers up to and including 5% more or less than the quantity of Goods ordered, but a pro-rata adjustment shall be made to the Order invoice on receipt of notice from the Customer that the wrong quantity of Goods was delivered. 4.8 The Supplier may deliver the Goods by instalments, which shall be invoiced and paid for separately. Each instalment shall constitute a separate contract. Any delay in delivery or defect in an instalment shall not entitle the Customer to cancel any other instalment. Non-Delivery, shortages and damaged Goods 4.9 The quantity of any consignment of Goods as recorded by the Supplier upon despatch from the Supplier’s place of business shall be conclusive evidence of the quantity received by the Customer on delivery unless the Customer can provide evidence proving the contrary. 4.10 All Goods supplied by the Supplier must be examined and checked upon receipt by the Customer, and any Goods shortages, discrepancies and damage revealed by such examination promptly reported to the Supplier. 4.11 The Supplier shall not be liable for any non-delivery or shortages of Goods, or discrepancies in the quantity of Goods supplied (even if caused by the Supplier’s negligence) unless written notice is given to the Supplier within 14 days of the date when the relevant Goods would in the ordinary course of events have been received. The Supplier shall have no liability for any failure to deliver the Goods to the extent that such failure is caused by a Force Majeure Event, or the Customer's failure to provide the Supplier with adequate delivery instructions for the Goods or any relevant instruction related to the supply of the Goods. 4.12 The Supplier shall not be liable for any Goods damaged in transit (where delivered by the Supplier) or errors with Goods supplied (even if caused by the Supplier’s negligence) unless written notice is given to the Supplier within 14 days of the date of delivery or collection (as the case may be). V2/26062018  Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 4.13 Any liability of the Supplier for non-delivery or shortages of Goods, or for damage or errors to Goods for which the Supplier is responsible shall be limited to replacing any affected Goods within a reasonable time or issuing a credit note at the pro-rata Contract rate against any invoice raised for such Goods. 5. Quality of Goods 5.1 The Supplier warrants that on delivery, and for a period of 12 months from the date of delivery (Warranty Period), the Goods shall: (a) conform in all material respects with their description and any applicable Goods Specification; (b) be free from material defects in design, material and workmanship; and (c) be of satisfactory quality (within the meaning of the Sale of Goods Act 1979). 5.2 Subject to clause 5.3, if: (a) the Customer gives notice in writing during the Warranty Period within a reasonable time of discovery that some or all of the Goods do not comply with the warranty set out in clause 5.1; and (b) the Supplier is given a reasonable opportunity of examining such Goods; and (c) the Customer provides reasonable co-operation to the Supplier to allow the Supplier to collect the Goods or (where agreed between the parties, or if asked to do so by the Supplier in the circumstances in clause 5.4) returns such Goods to the Supplier's place of business, the Supplier shall, at its option, repair or replace the defective Goods, or refund the price of the defective Goods in full. 5.3 The Supplier shall not be liable for the Goods' failure to comply with the warranty in clause 5.1: (a) the Customer makes any further use of such Goods after giving a notice in accordance with clause 5.2; (b) the defect arises because the Customer failed to follow the Supplier's oral or written instructions as to the storage, installation, commissioning, use or maintenance of the Goods V2/26062018  Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 or (if there are none) good trade practice; (c) the defect arises as a result of the Supplier following any drawing, design or Goods Specification supplied by the Customer; (d) the Customer alters or repairs such Goods without the written consent of the Supplier; (e) the defect arises as a result of fair wear and tear, wilful damage, negligence, or abnormal working conditions; (f) the Goods differ from their description or the Goods Specification as a result of changes made to ensure they comply with applicable statutory or regulatory standards. 5.4 In circumstances where the Customer has given notice to the Supplier (in accordance with clause 5.2(a)), but does not provide reasonable co-operation to the Supplier to allow the Supplier to collect the Goods, the Supplier shall (upon written notice to the Customer) be entitled to make a reasonable charge to the Customer for repeat attempts made to collect the Goods from the Customer, or alternatively to require the Customer to return the Goods to the Supplier's place of business at its own cost. 5.5 Except as provided in this clause 5, the Supplier shall have no liability to the Customer in respect of the Goods' failure to comply with the warranty set out in clause 5.1. 5.6 The terms of these Conditions shall apply to any repaired or replacement Goods supplied by the Supplier under clause 5.2. 6. Title & Risk 6.1 The risk in the Goods shall pass to the Customer on completion of delivery. 6.2 Title to the Goods shall not pass to the Customer until the Supplier has received payment in full (in cash or cleared funds) for: (a) the Goods; and (b) any other goods that the Supplier has supplied to the Customer in respect of which payment has become due. 6.3 Until title to the Goods has passed to the Customer, the Customer shall not without the prior consent of the Supplier resell or use the Goods (in the ordinary course of its business or otherwise) and shall: (a) hold the Goods on a fiduciary basis as the Supplier's bailee; V2/26062018  Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 (b) store the Goods separately from all other goods held by the Customer so that they remain readily identifiable as the Supplier's property; (c) not remove, deface or obscure any identifying mark or packaging on or relating to the Goods; (d) maintain the Goods in satisfactory condition and keep them insured against all risks for their full price on the Supplier's behalf from the date of delivery; (e) notify the Supplier immediately if it becomes subject to any of the events listed in clause 13.1(b) to clause 13.1(i); and (f) give the Supplier such information relating to the Goods as the Supplier may require from time to time. 6.4 If before title to the Goods passes to the Customer the Customer becomes subject to any of the events listed in clause 13.1(b) to clause 13.1(i), or the Supplier reasonably believes that any such event is about to happen and notifies the Customer accordingly, then, provided the Goods have not been resold, or irrevocably incorporated into another product, and without limiting any other right or remedy the Supplier may have, the Supplier may at any time require the Customer to deliver up the Goods and, if the Customer fails to do so promptly, enter any premises of the Customer or of any third party where the Goods are stored in order to recover them. 7. Supply of Services 7.1 The Supplier shall provide the Services to the Customer in accordance with the Service Specification in all material respects. 7.2 The Supplier shall use all reasonable endeavours to meet any performance dates for the Services agreed by the Supplier in writing, but any such dates shall be estimates only and time shall not be of the essence for the performance of the Services. 7.3 The Supplier shall have the right to make any changes to the Services which are necessary to comply with any applicable law or safety requirement, or which do not materially affect the nature or quality of the Services, and the Supplier shall notify the Customer in any such event. 7.4 The Supplier warrants to the Customer that the Services will be provided using reasonable care and skill. V2/26062018  Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 8. Customer's Obligations 8.1 The Customer shall: (a) ensure that the terms of the Order and (if submitted by the Customer) the Goods Specification are complete and accurate; (b) co-operate with the Supplier in all matters relating to the Services; (c) provide the Supplier, its employees, agents, consultants and subcontractors, with access to the Customer's premises, office accommodation and other facilities as reasonably required by the Supplier to provide the Services; (d) provide the Supplier with such information and materials as the Supplier may reasonably require to supply the Services, and ensure that such information is accurate in all material respects; (e) prepare the Customer's premises for the supply of the Services; (f) obtain and maintain all necessary licences, permissions and consents which may be required for the Services before the date on which the Services are to start; and (g) keep and maintain all materials, equipment, documents and other property of the Supplier (Supplier Materials) at the Customer's premises in safe custody at its own risk, maintain the Supplier Materials in good condition until returned to the Supplier, and not dispose of or use the Supplier Materials other than in accordance with the Supplier's written instructions or authorization. 8.2 If the Supplier's performance of any of its obligations in respect of the Services is prevented or delayed by any act or omission by the Customer or failure by the Customer to perform any relevant obligation (Customer Default): (a) the Supplier shall without limiting its other rights or remedies have the right to suspend performance of the Services until the Customer remedies the Customer Default, and to rely on the Customer Default to relieve it from the performance of any of its obligations to the extent the Customer Default prevents or delays the Supplier's performance of any of its obligations; (b) the Supplier shall not be liable for any costs or losses sustained or incurred by the Customer arising directly or indirectly from the Supplier's failure or delay to perform any of its obligations as set out in this clause 8.2; and V2/26062018  Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 (c) the Customer shall reimburse the Supplier on written demand for any costs or losses sustained or incurred by the Supplier arising directly or indirectly from the Customer Default. 9. Charges & Payment 9.1 The price for Goods and Services shall be the price set out in the Order (subject where applicable to clause 9.2) or, if no price is quoted, the price set out in the Supplier's published price list as at the date of delivery. The price of the Goods is exclusive of all costs and charges of packaging, insurance, transport of the Goods, which shall be paid by the Customer when it pays for the Goods. 9.2 In respect of any Contract with a total Contract price of less than £100 (excluding VAT), an additional administration/handling charge of £7.50 (excluding VAT) will be charged to the Customer. This administration/handling charge will added to the Supplier’s invoice and payable by the Customer together with the remainder of the Contract price. 9.3 The Supplier reserves the right to: (a) increase its standard daily fee rates for the charges for the Services by giving the Customer written notice of any such increase a reasonable time in advance of the proposed date the increase will take effect. If such increase is not acceptable to the Customer, it shall notify the Supplier in writing within 2 weeks of the date of the Supplier's notice and the Supplier shall have the right without limiting its other rights or remedies to terminate the provision of the Services under the Contract by giving written notice to the Customer; and/or (b) increase the price of the Goods, by giving notice to the Customer at any time before delivery, to reflect any increase in the cost of the Goods to the Supplier that is due to: (i) any factor beyond the control of the Supplier (including foreign exchange fluctuations, increases in taxes and duties, and increases in labour, materials and other manufacturing costs); (ii) any request by the Customer to change the delivery date(s), quantities or types of Goods ordered, or the Goods Specification; or (iii) any delay caused by any instructions of the Customer in respect of the Goods or failure of the Customer to give the Supplier adequate or accurate information or instructions in respect of the Goods. V2/26062018  Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 9.4 In respect of Goods, the Supplier shall invoice the Customer on or at any time after completion of delivery. In respect of Services, the Supplier shall invoice the Customer monthly in arrears. 9.5 The Customer shall pay each invoice submitted by the Supplier: (a) within 28 days of the date of the invoice; and (b) in full and in cleared funds to a bank account nominated in writing by the Supplier, and time for payment shall be of the essence of the Contract. 9.6 All amounts payable by the Customer under the Contract are exclusive of amounts in respect of value added tax chargeable from time to time (VAT) and any applicable duties and other levies payable on the Goods. Where any taxable supply for VAT purposes is made under the Contract by the Supplier to the Customer, the Customer shall, on receipt of a valid VAT invoice from the Supplier, pay to the Supplier such additional amounts in respect of VAT (together with any duties and other levies) as are chargeable on the supply of the Services or Goods at the same time as payment is due for the supply of the Services or Goods. 9.7 Without limiting any other right or remedy of the Supplier, if the Customer fails to make any payment due to the Supplier under the Contract by the due date for payment (Due Date), the Supplier shall have the right to charge interest on the overdue amount at the rate of 4% per annum above the then current Barclays Bank plc base rate accruing on a daily basis from the Due Date until the date of actual payment of the overdue amount, whether before or after judgment, and compounding quarterly. 9.8 The Customer shall pay all amounts due under the Contract in full without any deduction or withholding except as required by law and the Customer shall not be entitled to assert any credit, set-off or counterclaim against the Supplier in order to justify withholding payment of any such amount in whole or in part. The Supplier may, without limiting its other rights or remedies, set off any amount owing to it by the Customer against any amount payable by the Supplier to the Customer. 10. Intellectual Property Rights 10.1 The supply of Goods by the Supplier shall not confer any right upon the Customer to use any of the Supplier’s trade marks (except in the re-sale of the Goods in the packaging V2/26062018  Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 supplied by the Supplier), or any of the Supplier’s patents, design rights or other industrial or intellectual property rights, and at all times such patents, trade marks, design rights and other industrial or intellectual property rights shall remain the absolute property of the Supplier (or its suppliers). All Intellectual Property Rights in or arising out of or in connection with the Services shall be owned by the Supplier. 10.2 All materials, equipment, documents and other property of the Supplier are the exclusive property of the Supplier. All written information, drawings, artwork, images and diagrams (excluding the Goods themselves) prepared by the Supplier in relation to the supply of Goods or Services and the copyright therein and all other items owned by the Supplier and used in the production of the Goods shall remain the property of the Supplier and shall be returned by the Customer on demand. All such information shall be treated as confidential and shall not be copied or reproduced or disclosed to any third party without the prior written consent of the Supplier. 10.3 The Customer acknowledges that, in respect of any third party Intellectual Property Rights in the Services, the Customer's use of any such Intellectual Property Rights is conditional on the Supplier obtaining a written licence from the relevant licensor on such terms as will entitle the Supplier to license such rights to the Customer. 10.4 All Supplier Materials are the exclusive property of the Supplier. 11. Confidentiality A party (Receiving Party) shall keep in strict confidence all technical or commercial know-how, specifications, inventions, processes or initiatives which are of a confidential nature and have been disclosed to the Receiving Party by the other party (Disclosing Party), its employees, agents or subcontractors, and any other confidential information concerning the Disclosing Party's business or its products or its services which the Receiving Party may obtain. The Receiving Party shall restrict disclosure of such confidential information to such of its employees, agents or subcontractors as need to know it for the purpose of discharging the Receiving Party's obligations under the Contract, and shall ensure that such employees, agents or subcontractors are subject to obligations of confidentiality corresponding to those which bind the Receiving Party. This clause 11 shall survive termination of the Contract. 12. Limitation of Liability: The Customer's attention is particularly drawn to this clause 12.1 Nothing in these Conditions shall limit or exclude the Supplier's liability for: V2/26062018  Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 (a) death or personal injury caused by its negligence, or the negligence of its employees, agents or subcontractors; (b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; (c) breach of the terms implied by section 2 of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 (title and quiet possession); (d) breach of the terms implied by section 12 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 (title and quiet possession); or (e) defective products under the Consumer Protection Act 1987. 12.2 Without prejudice to clause 12.1, neither party shall under any circumstances whatever be liable to the other, whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or restitution, or for breach of statutory duty or misrepresentation, or otherwise, for any: (a) loss of profit; or (b) loss of goodwill; or (c) loss of business; or (d) loss of business opportunity; or (e) loss of anticipated saving; or (f) loss or corruption of data or information; or (g) special, indirect or consequential damage, suffered by the other party that arises under or in connection with the Contract. 12.3 Subject to conditions 12.1 and 12.2, the Supplier’s total liability in respect of all other losses arising under or in connection with the Contract, whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence) or restitution, or for breach of statutory duty or misrepresentation, or otherwise, shall in all circumstances be limited as follows: (a) for liability for damage to the Customer’s tangible property arising from our negligence, to an amount not exceeding £10,000,000; and (b) for any other type of liability, to an amount not exceeding the Contract price. 12.4 The terms implied by sections 13 to 15 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 and the terms implied by sections 3 to 5 of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 are, to the fullest extent permitted by law, excluded from the Contract. 12.5 This clause 12 shall survive termination of the Contract. V2/26062018  Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 13. Termination 13.1 Without limiting its other rights or remedies, each party may terminate the Contract with immediate effect by giving written notice to the other party if: (a) the other party commits a material breach of its obligations under this Contract and (if such breach is remediable) fails to remedy that breach within 14 days after receipt of notice in writing of the breach; (b) the other party suspends, or threatens to suspend, payment of its debts or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due or admits inability to pay its debts or (being a company) is deemed unable to pay its debts within the meaning of section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986 or (being an individual) is deemed either unable to pay its debts or as having no reasonable prospect of so doing, in either case, within the meaning of section 268 of the Insolvency Act 1986 or (being a partnership) has any partner to whom any of the foregoing apply; (c) the other party commences negotiations with all or any class of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its debts, or makes a proposal for or enters into any compromise or arrangement with its creditors other than (where a company) for the sole purpose of a scheme for a solvent amalgamation of that other party with one or more other companies or the solvent reconstruction of that other party; (d) a petition is filed, a notice is given, a resolution is passed, or an order is made, for or in connection with the winding up of the other party (being a company) other than for the sole purpose of a scheme for a solvent amalgamation of the other party with one or more other companies or the solvent reconstruction of that other party; (e) the other party (being an individual) is the subject of a bankruptcy petition or order; (f) a creditor or encumbrancer of the other party attaches or takes possession of, or a distress, execution, sequestration or other such process is levied or enforced on or sued against, the whole or any part of its assets and such attachment or process is not discharged within 14 days; (g) an application is made to court, or an order is made, for the appointment of an administrator or if a notice of intention to appoint an administrator is given or if an administrator is appointed over the other party (being a company); (h) a floating charge holder over the assets of the other party (being a company) has become entitled to appoint or has appointed an administrative receiver; (i) a person becomes entitled to appoint a receiver over the assets of the other party or a V2/26062018  Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 receiver is appointed over the assets of the other party; (j) any event occurs, or proceeding is taken, with respect to the other party in any jurisdiction to which it is subject that has an effect equivalent or similar to any of the events mentioned in clause 13.1(b) to clause 13.1(i) (inclusive); (k) the other party suspends, threatens to suspend, ceases or threatens to cease to carry on, all or substantially the whole of its business; or (l) the other party (being an individual) dies or, by reason of illness or incapacity (whether mental or physical), is incapable of managing his own affairs or becomes a patient under any mental health legislation. 13.2 Without limiting its other rights or remedies, the Supplier may terminate the Contract or (at its discretion) suspend the supply of Services or all further deliveries of Goods under the Contract or any other contract between the Customer and the Supplier if: (a) the Customer fails to make pay any amount due under this Contract on the due date for payment; or (b) the Customer becomes subject to any of the events listed in clause 13.1(b) to clause 13.1(i), or the Supplier reasonably believes that the Customer is about to become subject to any of them. 13.3 Unless the Customer is entitled to terminate the Contract in any of the circumstances identified in clause 13.1, the Contract (or any Goods or instalments of Goods comprised in the Contract) may only be cancelled by the Customer with the Company’s prior written consent. In relation to the foregoing, in respect of any Goods: (a) which are standard stock items of the Supplier, upon cancellation the Company shall be entitled to invoice the Customer an administration and re-stocking charge equal to 20% of the value of the Contract (or where only some Goods are cancelled, 20% of the value of the Goods cancelled) excluding VAT; (b) which are not standard stock items and are purchased by the Supplier from its own supplier for resale to the Customer, the Supplier does not permit the Customer to cancel unless the Supplier is able to cancel its order with its own supplier, in which case the Customer will be responsible for payment of the Supplier’s administration charges of an amount to be specified by the Supplier (to include any re-stocking charges of the Supplier’s V2/26062018  Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 own suppliers); and/or (c) which are made (or adapted) to the Customer’s own specification, the Supplier will not permit the Customer to cancel a Contract for the supply of these items. 13.4 Termination of the Contract, however arising, shall not affect any of the parties' rights and remedies that have accrued as at termination. Clauses which expressly or by implication survive termination of the Contract shall continue in full force and effect. 14. Consequences of Termination On termination of the Contract for any reason: (a) the Customer shall immediately pay to the Supplier all of the Supplier's outstanding unpaid invoices and interest and, in respect of Services supplied but for which no invoice has yet been submitted, the Supplier shall submit an invoice, which shall be payable by the Customer immediately on receipt; (b) the Customer shall return all of the Supplier Materials and any Deliverables which have not been fully paid for. If the Customer fails to do so, then the Supplier may enter the Customer's premises and take possession of them. Until they have been returned, the Customer shall be solely responsible for their safe keeping and will not use them for any purpose not connected with this Contract; (c) the accrued rights and remedies of the parties as at termination shall not be affected, including the right to claim damages in respect of any breach of the Contract which existed at or before the date of termination or expiry; and (d) clauses which expressly or by implication have effect after termination shall continue in full force and effect. 15. Force Majeure 15.1 For the purposes of this Contract, Force Majeure Event means an event beyond the reasonable control of the Supplier including but not limited to strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes (whether involving the workforce of the party or any other party), failure of a utility service or transport network, act of God, war, riot, civil commotion, malicious damage, compliance with any law or governmental order, rule, regulation or direction, accident, breakdown of plant or machinery, fire, flood, storm or default of suppliers or subcontractors. 15.2 The Supplier shall not be liable to the Customer as a result of any delay or failure to V2/26062018  Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 perform its obligations under this Contract as a result of a Force Majeure Event. 15.3 If the Force Majeure Event prevents the Supplier from providing any of the Services and/or Goods for more than 12 weeks, the Supplier shall, without limiting its other rights or remedies, have the right to terminate this Contract immediately by giving written notice to the Customer. 16. General 16.1 Assignment and subcontracting. (a) The Supplier may at any time assign, transfer, charge, subcontract or deal in any other manner with all or any of its rights under the Contract and may sub-contract or delegate in any manner any or all of its obligations under the Contract to any third party. (b) The Customer shall not, without the prior written consent of the Supplier, assign, transfer, charge, subcontract or deal in any other manner with all or any of its rights or obligations under the Contract. 16.2 Notices. (a) Any notice or other communication required to be given to a party under or in connection with this Contract shall be in writing and shall be delivered to the other party personally or sent by prepaid first-class post, recorded delivery or by commercial courier, at its registered office (if a company) or (in any other case) its principal place of business, or sent by fax to the other party's main fax number or sent by e-mail to the other party’s designated email address for the Contract. (b) Any notice or other communication shall be deemed to have been duly received if delivered personally, when left at such addressor, if sent by prepaid first-class post or recorded delivery, at 9.00 am on the second Business Day after posting, or if delivered by commercial courier, on the date and at the time that the courier's delivery receipt is signed, or if sent by fax or email, on the next Business Day after transmission. (c) This clause 16.2 shall not apply to the service of any proceedings or other documents in any legal action. V2/26062018  Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Goods & Services F51 16.3 Waiver. A waiver of any right under the Contract is only effective if it is in writing and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach or default. No failure or delay by a party in exercising any right or remedy under the Contract or by law shall constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor preclude or restrict its further exercise. No single or partial exercise of such right or remedy shall preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. 16.4 Severance. (a) If a court or any other competent authority finds that any provision of the Contract (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision shall, to the extent required, be deemed deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of the Contract shall not be affected. (b) If any invalid, unenforceable or illegal provision of the Contract would be valid, enforceable and legal if some part of it were deleted, the provision shall apply with the minimum modification necessary to make it legal, valid and enforceable. 16.5 No partnership or agency. Nothing in the Contract is intended to, or shall be deemed to, constitute a partnership or joint venture of any kind between any of the parties, nor constitute any party the agent of another party for any purpose. No party shall have authority to act as agent for, or to bind, the other party in any way. 16.6 Third parties. A person who is not a party to the Contract shall not have any rights under or in connection with it. 16.7 Variation. Except as set out in these Conditions, any variation, including the introduction of any additional terms and conditions, to the Contract shall only be binding when agreed in writing and signed by the Supplier. 16.8 Governing law and jurisdiction. This Contract, and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, and the parties irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
ABOUT WOLFLABS
Who are Wolf Labs?
Meet The Team
Employment Opportunities
Cool Earth
Discounted Pricing
Fun Fact
Competition
INFORMATION
Contact Us
Environmental Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Certificates & Policies
Accessibility
GET IN TOUCH
Address
Wolflabs,Colenso House,1 Deans Lane,Pocklington, YORK,YO42 2PX
Telephone
01759 301142
Email
Contact Us
All Rights Reserved. Registered in England and Wales Registration No. 03011929 VAT Registration No. 630 9368 34.
ISO 9001 & ISO 14001
WARNING
OK
CANCEL
OK
OK