http://www.fischione.com/legal-information
Skip to main content
Legal Information
Trademarks
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Conflict minerals policy
Trademarks
NanoMill and PicoMill are registered trademarks of E.A. Fischione Instruments, Inc. NanoMilling and PicoMilling are service marks of E.A. Fischione Instruments, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Copyright
All information, including but not limited to text, graphics, photographs, and computer program software, contained herein and/or displayed on these pages is protected by the Copyright laws of the United States of America, codified at Title 17, United States Code. This information is also protected with respect to information displayed or downloaded in countries foreign to the United States of America, under the copyright laws of those countries, and pursuant to the Berne Convention and other international treaties.
All rights in and to this information are reserved by E.A. Fischione Instruments, Inc. The display or use of any trademarks, graphics, logos, pictures, service marks, instructions, icons, page headings, computer program software, other images, or text in association with this site does not grant permission to copy, use, publish, or republish the information or grant a license of any kind to the reader or user. This Web site and its associated information, text, graphics, photographs and/or computer program software is provided solely for the informational use of the user and customers of E.A. Fischione Instruments, Inc.
The retransmission, storage, modification, copying, or other unauthorized use of the information presented herein without the written consent of E.A. Fischione Instruments, Inc. is prohibited and may be a violation of federal trademark and/or copyright law.
Privacy policy
In support of our mission to provide the highest quality, most innovative instrumentation to the microscopy community. Fischione Instruments and its affiliates collect and process personally identifiable information. Please see our privacy policy to learn about the type of information we process and your rights as a user.
Conflict minerals policy
U.S. law requires U.S. publicly traded companies that manufacture products containing “Conflict Minerals” [1], which are “necessary to the functionality or production” [2] of their products, to report annually to the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The law was enacted to address concern that Conflict Minerals originating from the Democratic Republic of the Congo or adjoining countries (collectively, the “DRC”), are being sold by armed groups to “finance conflict characterized by extreme levels of violence." [3]
Affected companies are required to conduct Reasonable Country of Origin Inquiries (“RCOI”) and undertake due diligence, as necessary, to determine whether Conflict Minerals in its supply chain may have originated in the DRC, and if so, whether those minerals benefited armed groups in those countries.
E.A. Fischione Instruments, Inc. is not a publicly traded company and, therefore, not required to report annually to the Securities and Exchange Commission. However, it is a supplier to publicly traded companies and. therefore, Fischione Instruments supports the compliance obligations by being aware of relevant Conflict Minerals law and cooperating in the RCOI process.
Adopted: May 13, 2014
[1] Conflict Minerals are defined by Dodd-Frank Act section 1502 and SEC Final Rule 13P-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as cassiterite, columbite-tantalite (coltan), and wolframite, or their derivatives specifically tin, tantalum, and tungsten, respectively, and gold.
[2] Securities Exchange Act Section 13(p).
[3] Dodd-Frank Act Section 1502.