https://www.palintest.com/privacy-policy-2/
Products
Kemio™
Lumiso Photometers
Photometers
Wagtech™
SirenBW
Visual
Electrochemical Meters
Soil Testing Kits
Applications
Water Utilities
Pool & Spa
Humanitarian
Food & Beverage
Parameters
After Sales
Accessories and Check Standards
FAQs
Product Downloads
Product Registration
Reagents and Sensors
Safety Data Sheets
Servicing and Calibration
Technical Support
Content Hub
Content Hub
Webinars
About Us
Contact Us
Search
Search
Search
Looking for Reagents?
Looking for Accessories?
Looking for Technical Support?
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our name/contact details are Palintest, Team Valley, Gateshead, Tyne & Wear NE11 0NS
Please contact us on 0191 491 0808 or email dataprotection@palintest.com if you have any questions relating to this privacy policy.
What data do we collect?
Palintest may collect the following information:
Your contact details, postal address, telephone numbers (including mobile numbers) and email address;
Your on-line browsing activity on our websites
Your communication and marketing preferences
Your location
Other publicly available personal data, including any which you have shared via a public platform
Our websites are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
How do we use your data?
With your agreement, to contact you electronically about promotional offers, free training events and products and services which we think may interest you
To make a tailored website available to you
For market research purposes to better understand your needs
To enable us to manage customer service interactions with you
Where we have a legal right or duty to use or disclose your information (for example in relation to an investigation by a public authority or in a legal dispute).
International transfers
Sometimes it is necessary for us to share your data outside of the European Economic Area. This will typically occur if you are based outside the EEA. The data will be shared with other Palintest companies in China, Australia and USA for the purpose of selling and supplying goods and services to our customers and handling customer contacts and queries. These transfers are subject to special rules under data protection laws. If this happens, we will ensure that the transfer will be compliant with data protection law and all personal data will be secure.
How long will we keep your data for?
We will not retain your data for longer than necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. Different retention periods apply for different types of data, however the longest we will normally hold any personal data is 6 years.
How do we protect your data?
We are committed to keeping your personal data safe and secure. Our security measures include:
Encryption of data
Security controls which protect our IT infrastructure from external attacks and unauthorised access.
Internal policies setting out our data security approach and training for employees.
What are your rights?
You have the following rights:
the right to ask for a copy of personal data that we hold about you (the right of access);
the right (in certain circumstances) to request we delete personal data held on you; where we no longer have any legal reason to retain it (the right of erasure);
the right to ask us to update and correct any out-of-date or incorrect personal data that we hold about you (the right of rectification);
the right to opt out of any marketing communications that we may send you and to object to us using/holding your personal data if we have no legitimate reasons to do so (the right to object);
the right (in certain circumstances) to ask us to ‘restrict processing of data’; which means we would need to secure and retain the data for your benefit but not otherwise use it (the right to restrict processing); and
the right (in certain circumstances) to ask us to supply you with some of the personal data we hold about you in a structured machine-readable format and/or to provide a copy of the data in such a format to another organisation (the right to data portability)
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, you can email us at dataprotection@palintest.com or write to: The Company Secretary, Palintest Ltd, Palintest House, Team Valley, Gateshead, Tyne & Wear, England, NE11.
Legal basis for processing personal data
Palintest collects and uses customers’ personal data because it is necessary for:
the pursuit of our legitimate interests (as set out below)
the purposes of complying with our duties and exercising our rights under a contract for the sales of goods to a customer: or
complying with our legal obligations
In general, we only rely on consent as a legal basis for processing personal data in relation to sending direct marketing communications to customers via email.
Customers have the right to withdraw consent at any time. Where consent is the only legal basis for processing, we will cease to process data after consent is withdrawn. Please email dataprotection@palintest.com if you would like to withdraw consent.
Our legitimate interest
The normal legal basis for processing customer data, is that it is necessary for the legitimate interests of Palintest, including: –
selling and supplying goods and services to our customers
protecting customers, employees and other individuals and maintaining their safety, health and welfare
promoting, marketing and advertising our products and services
sending promotional communications which are relevant and tailored to individual customers
understanding our customers’ behaviours, activities, preferences and needs
improving existing products and services and developing new products and services
complying with our legal and regulatory obligations
handling customer contacts, queries, complaints or disputes
How we use cookies
Our website uses cookies to collect information. This includes information about browsing behavior by people who access our website. This includes information about pages viewed and the customer journey around our website. Detailed information is set out in our Cookies Policy.
Updating our privacy policy
We will update this privacy policy as required, indicating the date of change. This policy was last updated on July 23rd, 2018.
A Global Company
History of Innovation
Championing Water Safety
Technology Leaders
UK Manufacturing