http://www.discprofile.com/privacy/
DiSC Profile - Privacy Policy
Discprofile.com is scheduled for a new look. This site may be down for maintenance Oct. 9, 9-9:30 pm CT. Orders during this time could be affected.
(877) 344-8612
Blog |
Log In |
Contact |
Cart (0)
What is DiSC?
Back
DiSC Overview
FAQ about DiSC
How DiSC Personality Tests Work
History of DiSC
Benefits of DiSC
Testimonials for Everything DiSC
William Marston
Research, Reliability and Validity Studies
More On Our Blog
News and articles about all things related to DiSC. Find training hints, product updates, opinions on HR issues, etc.
visit the blog
Which DiSC to Use?
Back
Why Use Everything DiSC?
Which Everything DiSC® profile should I use?
Everything DiSC Workplace or Five Behaviors?
Comparing DiSC Classic and Everything DiSC
Do I need an administrative account?
Everything DiSC® languages
Leadership and DiSC
Assessments for teams
Can I use DiSC® during the hiring process?
Buy Products
Back
Products
Tests & Profiles Facilitation Kits Group Reports Starter Packages EPIC Credits Books Training Tools Certification & Training
DiSC Assessments
Everything DiSC Workplace Profile Everything DiSC Agile EQ Everything DiSC Productive Conflict Everything DiSC Work of Leaders Profile Everything DiSC Sales Profile Everything DiSC Management Profile DiSC Classic Profile
Resources & Tools
Back
Brochures
Downloads
DiSC Certification
DiSC Sample Reports
DiSC Support Basics
DiSC Training & Tips
Everything DiSC 363 for Leaders
EPIC Quick Start Guide
Five Behaviors Training & Tips
Five Behaviors Basics
Five Behaviors Sample Reports
MyEverythingDiSC
Blog
Contact Us
Need help?
Call Now
or
Email Us
M-F 9am-5pm CST
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective: As of March 1, 2020
Personality Profile Solutions, LLC (PPS) recognizes the importance of protecting the personal information collected from users in the operation of its services and taking reasonable steps to maintain the security, integrity and privacy of any information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. By submitting your information to PPS you consent to the practices described in this policy. If you are less than 18 years of age, then you must first seek the consent of your parent or guardian prior to submitting any personal information.
This Privacy Policy describes how PPS collects and uses the personal information you provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
How We Collect Information
Personality Profile Solutions may collect personal information about you in the following ways: (1) directly from your verbal or written input (such as by consenting to receiving marketing emails); (2) automatically through PPS’ website technologies including tracking online, such as by Web cookies (which are small text files created by websites that are stored on your computer), by smart devices, by combining data sets, by collecting data from a browser or device for use on a different computer or device, or by using algorithms to analyze a variety of data such as records of purchases, online behavioral data, or location data; or (3) by closed-circuit television (if visiting our premises).
Information You Provide
The types of personal information that PPS collects directly from you or through your use of our websites and services may include the following depending on how you interact with PPS:
Contact details, such as your name, email address, username, postal address and telephone number;
Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses used to connect your computer to the Internet;
Educational and professional interests;
Tracking codes such as cookies;
Usernames and passwords;
Payment information, such as a credit or debit card number;
Comments, feedback, posts and other content you provide to PPS (including through a PPS website);
Communication preferences;
Purchase and search history;
Location-aware services, the physical location of your device in order to provide you with more relevant content for your location;
Information about your personal preferences and interests; and
Communications with other users of PPS’ services.
In order to access certain content and to make use of additional functionality and features of PPS’ websites and services, we may ask you to register for an account by completing and submitting a registration form, which may request additional information.
Information We Receive From Other Sources
Personality Profile Solutions may receive information about you if you use any of the websites we operate or the other services we provide. We also work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners and sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services; advertising networks; data and analytics providers; academic institutions; journal owners, societies and similar organizations; search information providers, and credit reference agencies) from whom PPS may receive information about you.
Use of Your Information
Depending on how you interact with PPS, PPS may use your personal information in the performance of any contract or transaction we enter into with you, to comply with legal obligations, or where Wiley has a legitimate business interest. Legitimate business purposes include but are not limited to one or all of the following: providing direct marketing and assessing the effectiveness of promotions and advertising; modifying, improving or personalizing our services, products and communications; detecting fraud; investigating suspicious activity (e.g., violations of our Terms of Service, which can be found here) and otherwise keeping our site safe and secure; and conducting data analytics.
In addition, with your prior, explicit consent (where required), we may use your information in the following ways:
To provide you with information about products and services that you request from us;
To provide you with information about other products, events and services we offer that are either (i) similar to those you have already purchased or inquired about, or (ii) entirely new products, events and services;
For internal business and research purposes to help enhance, evaluate, develop, and create PPS websites (including usage statistics, such as “page views” on PPS’ websites and the products therein), products, and services;
To notify you about changes or updates to our websites, products, or services;
To administer our services and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, statistical, and survey purposes;
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service; and
For any other purpose that we may notify you of from time to time.
Personal information will not be kept longer than is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. This means that, unless information must be retained for legal or archival purposes, personal information will be securely destroyed, put beyond use or erased from PPS’ systems when it is no longer required or, where applicable, following a request from you to destroy or erase your personal information.
Disclosure and Sharing of Your Information
PPS will not disclose to or share your personal information with any unaffiliated third party except as follows:
Where necessary in connection with services provided by third parties (i) who provide us with a wide range of office, administrative, information technology, production, payment, business management, or marketing services; and (ii) who are required to comply with this policy or applicable privacy laws;
Where you voluntarily provide information in response to an advertisement from a third party;
Where a third party such as an academic institution, school, employer, business or other entity which has provided you with access to a PPS product or service through an integration or access code, information may be shared with that third party regarding your engagement with the service or product, results of assessments taken, and other information you input into the product or service;
Where you participate in a program in which we partner with third parties, we may share your information with those third-party partners;
Where PPS is required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities and government agencies, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; to comply with a subpoena or other legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, to enforce our Terms of Service, or to protect the rights, property or safety of our services, users or others; and to investigate fraud;
Where all or substantially all of the business or assets of PPS relating to our services are sold, assigned, or transferred to another entity; or
Where, even if not described above, you have consented to such disclosure or PPS has a legitimate interest in making the disclosure.
PPS also may disclose navigational and transactional information in the form of anonymous, aggregate usage statistics and demographic information that does not reveal your identity or personal information.
Cross Border Transfers
PPS may transfer your personal information outside of your country of residence for the following reasons:
In order to process your transactions, we may store your personal information on our servers and those servers may reside outside the country where you live. PPS has servers and office locations in the United States and Canada. Such processing may include, among other things, the fulfillment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services.
In order to satisfy global reporting requirements, PPS may be required to provide your personal information to PPS affiliates in other countries.
By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing of your information. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and all applicable data protection laws.
Security
We will use appropriate physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect your data. Access to your personal data will be restricted to only those who need to know that information and required to perform their job function.  In addition, we train our employees about the importance of maintaining the confidentiality and security of your information.
Disclosure in Chat Rooms, Forums, or Social Media
You should be aware that identifiable personal information—such as your name or e-mail address—that you voluntarily disclose and that is accessible to other users (e.g. on social media, forums, bulletin boards or in chat areas) could be collected and disclosed by others. PPS cannot take any responsibility for such collection and disclosure.
Cookies
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically. This information may include IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (“ISP”), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
PPS and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or services.
More information on cookies.
Your Rights
You have the right to make a written request to be informed whether or not we hold or process any of your personal information (by emailing info@discprofile.com). In your written request, you may:
Request that we provide you with details of your personal information that we process, the purpose for which it is processed, the recipients of such information, the existence of any automated decision making involving your personal information, and what transfer safeguards we have in place;
Request that we rectify any errors in your personal information;
Request that we delete your personal information if our continued processing of such information is not justified;
Request that we transfer your personal information to a third party;
Object to automated decision-making and profiling based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest (in which event the processing will cease except where there are compelling legitimate grounds, such as when the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between us);
Object to direct marketing from us; and
Object to processing for purposes of scientific, historical research and statistics.
Where applicable under your local laws, we will not use your personal information for marketing purposes, nor disclose your information to any third parties, unless we have your prior consent, which we will seek before collecting your personal information. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the consent forms we use when collecting your personal information. If at any point you wish to review or change your preferences you can use the “opt-out” or unsubscribe mechanism or other means provided within the communications that you receive from us or by sending an email to info@discprofile.com. Note that you may still receive transactional communications from PPS. Some territories have national laws requiring a local Data Protection Officer (for example Singapore and Germany).
Please see Data Protection Officers for the relevant contact details.
Third-Parties
PPS’ websites or services may include links to third-party websites. In using such links, please be aware that each third-party website is subject to its own privacy and data protection policies and is not covered by our Privacy Policy. In addition, we allow third-party companies to collect certain anonymous information when you visit our websites. These companies may be placing and reading cookies in the cookie file of the browser on your computer’s hard disk or using web beacons or other technologies to collect information in the course of ads being served on this website. These companies may use information other than personal information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to these and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.
Your California Data Privacy Rights
Information About Data We Have Collected or Disclosed About You
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides additional data privacy rights to California residents. You have the right to request that we provide, not more than twice every 12 months, certain information about the data we have collected or disclosed about you over the past 12 months, including:
the categories of personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which we have collected your personal information;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information;
the categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; and
the categories of personal information that we have disclosed about you for a business purpose.
For the purposes of your rights as a California resident, “personal information” means any non-publicly available information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked with you or your household, such as biometric information or information about your location.
Disclosure of Personal Information
For certain of our business functions, we may disclose personal information for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, the third party must agree to retain, use, or disclose the personal information solely for the business purpose. We prohibit the third party from selling the personal information that we provide [for a business purpose]. In the past 12 months, depending on how you interact with Wiley, we may have disclosed your information as set forth in the section above entitled “Disclosure and Sharing of Your information.”
Deletion of Data
California residents also have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you (and direct our service providers to do so), except where retaining your personal information is necessary for PPS to:
Complete your transaction, provide a good or service you requested, or perform a contract between you and us;
Protect you or us from security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
Fix errors in our systems;
Protect your, our, or others’ right to free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (California Penal Code Section 1546 and following);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;
Use your personal information internally in a way that is reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us or in another lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information; or
Comply with a legal obligation.
“Do Not Track” (for California and Delaware Residents)
Please note that we do not respond to or honor “do not track” (a/k/a/ DNT) signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers. For more information about “do not track”, go to https://allaboutdnt.com/.
How to Exercise Your Rights
To exercise your rights under CCPA, you may submit a verifiable consumer request to us by phone at (800) 438-6643 or by email at info@discprofile.com. Only you, a person registered with the Secretary of State authorized to act on your behalf, or you on behalf of your minor child may submit a verifiable consumer request. The request must provide enough information for us to reasonably verify you are, or are the authorized representative of, the person about whom we collected personal information.
Links to Third-Party Websites
Wiley's websites or services may include links to third-party websites. In using such links, please be aware that each third-party website is subject to its own privacy and data protection policies and is not covered by our Privacy Policy.
FERPA
Please see PPS' policy regarding FERPA here.
Recourse
Any comments, complaints or questions concerning this policy or complaints or objections about our use of your personal information should be addressed by directing your comments to PPS' Data Protection Officers.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
Please note that PPS’s Privacy Policy is reviewed periodically. PPS reserves the right to update its Privacy Policy at any time without notice. Any changes to the Privacy Policy will be posted on this page and will become effective on the date of posting. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact InformationYou can contact us about this privacy statement by writing or email us at the address below:
Personality Profile Solutions, dba DiSCProfile.com
400 Highway 169 S, Suite 350
Minneapolis, MN, United States 55426
Email: info@discprofile.com
Phone: 877-344-8612
Important Links
About Us
Blog
Products
EPIC Login
Newsletter Sign Up
Sign up for the newsletter
Need help? (877) 344-8612 M-F 9am-5pm CST or Contact Us
Terms of Service| Business Policies | Privacy Policy | Legal Trademark & Copyright Notice
Services, products, labels, availability, content and usage subject to change without notice. All rights reserved & stringently prosecuted. Reproduction, distribution, copying, modeling, imitating, extracting, adapting concepts, or any derivative thereof, strictly prohibited. Inc 1978 ®1980 ©1997-2010, DiscProfile™. Everything DiSC ® Certified Trainer Authorized Partner by Wiley. Everything DiSC® is a registered trademark of John Wiley & Sons, Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized use is an infringement of copyrights, trademarks, or proprietary rights. "PXT Select" is a trademark of John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or its affiliated companies.