http://www.chemical.net/privacy-policy
Call 888-243-6425 for custom pricing
Register
Log in
Shopping cart
(0)
Favorites
(0)
You have no items in your shopping cart.
CAS Search
Advanced Search
Home page
Our Recommendations
Search
My account
Blog
Contact us
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Pledge Chemical.net is firmly committed to protecting your privacy on-line.We will not sell your personal information to third parties.
What information of does Chemical.net collect & why? We collect two types of information: information you submit during registration and information our site gathers automatically to speed and enhance your experience.
When ordering, you will be asked for typical information. All pages transmitting personal or financial information are encrypted.
Uses of information: Any information provided to us in purchase orders, registration forms, and surveys will be used for authorized purposes only. We do not sell our lists.
We use your email address to email you information about your orders and for our promotions and marketing efforts.
If you submit financial information to apply for an account, we use that information to verify your credit and open your account. If you submit credit card information, we use that information to collect payment for your orders.
Sharing of information: Chemical.net shares some information with third parties if necessary to process your orders. Only data needed to fulfill and/or ship your order are released.
Chemical.net does not provide names or E-mail addresses to other companies to use to send unsolicited ads or junk mails. Any display ads or links available on our site may collect user information if you click or follow their ads or links. We cannot control data collected voluntarily or involuntarily through these third parties.
Chemical.net may disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms of Service or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Chemical.net’s rights or property, other Chemical.net users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Chemical.net may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services.
How can you access, edit or delete your information? You may edit, update, or change your Chemical.net account information at any time by using your Chemical.net and password in the registration screen. For other questions related to updating or changing your account information, please send e-mail to cservice@chemical.net.
What security precautions are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information? Your Chemical.net Account Information and Chemical.net Profile are password-protected so that you and only you have access to this personal information. You may edit your Chemical.net Account Information and Chemical.net Profile as described above
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. Chemical.net will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. Also remember to sign out of your Chemical.net account and close your browser window when you have finished your work. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else.
Chemical.net uses SSL encryption and secure server throughout your visit to encrypt information transmitted from your browser to our server and back again. This maximizes likelihood that any data you submit such as credit card and payment information is transmitted securely over the Internet. Chemical.net subscribes to the services of VERISIGN to provide you the highest level of comfort.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your all information, Chemical.net cannot warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Your consent By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Chemical.net. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
* This privacy policy co-exists with our Terms and Conditions and together both policies govern the general practices of this site. We encourage all of our users to familiarize themselves with both statements.
Tell us what you think Chemical.net welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please send e-mail to cservice@chemical.net.
about us
|
shipping & returns
|
privacy policy
|
terms of use
|
contact us
Copyright © 2020 Chemical.Net. All rights reserved.