http://www.tinytalk.com.au/privacy.html
Home
About Us
Information
Getting Started
Questions?
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Please read our policies below.
At Tinytalk your privacy is our priority. You can feel secure that your personal information is treated properly and with respect. We supports the National Privacy Principles (NPPs). The information we collect from you is collected in the strictest confidence for the exclusive use of Tinytalk. As a result, we do not share or sell information about our customers with any third parties.
Your Personal Information
We recognise that your privacy is very important to you and that you have a right to control your Personal Information. Our policy for dealing with any personal information that you might disclose to us while visiting this website is explained below. You can generally visit this website without telling us who you are or revealing other Personal Information and we will not collect any personal information about you except when you knowingly provide it. The amount of information we collect about you depends on how you use the website and whether you elect to give us any information about yourself by becoming a registered Tinytalk customer or subscribing to our e-newsletters. Mums in Business may use your personal information to:
(a) Send you direct marketing material by email or post; and
(b) Compile a consumer profile about you to enable Tinytalk to better serve you.
If you visit this website to read or download information we record your server address, domain name, the date and time of your visit and the information downloaded. This information is used for statistical and site development purposes only. We endeavor to take all reasonable steps to keep secure any information, which we hold about you, and to keep this information accurate and up-to-date.
Your information is stored in secure servers that are protected in secure facilities. However, we are not responsible for events arising from unauthorised access to your personal information.
Personal information will not be released to persons or entities outside our organisation without your consent except where:
(a) such disclosure is permitted under the Privacy Act 1988;
(b) Tinytalk is required by law to disclose information to third parties; or
(c) Tinytalk have outsourced some internal functions to third party contractors, for example, data warehousing, hosting servers or mail houses.
Linked websites are not under the control of Tinytalk and we are not responsible for the conduct of companies linked to our website. Before disclosing your personal information on any other website we advise you to examine their terms and conditions of use. Under the Privacy Act (1988) Tinytalk is obliged to provide personal information of an individual which has been collected, used or disclosed since 21 December 2001.
If you have any queries or concerns about the privacy of information, please contact Tinytalk on info@tinytalk.com.au
Copyright © 2005-2010, Tinytalk. All rights reserved.