http://www.inventech.co.uk/privacy_1
Menu
Home
About
Services
Contact Us
Privacy
The Inventech Privacy/Policy Notice
It explains what we do with your personal information, why we want to use it, how we protect it and what rights you have to control our use of your personal data. The most important fact is that it’s your personal data. We have complete respect for your rights and we will only use it where necessary to deliver our services to you or your business, or to keep you up to date about developments in our products. Information about usInventech Ltd acts as both Data Controller and Data Processor. Our trading address is Tinkers, Broadlands, Burgess Hill, West Sussex RH15 0BG. We are registered in England, No. 3204279. If you want to contact us about any of the points in this notice, or just generally about how we protect your privacy, please email us at support@inventech.co.uk.
GDPR
GDPR requires that organisations take care to ensure that data within their systems is processed fairly, timely and securely. To ensure that we can provide product and implementation support to our clients during our work with them, we record certain information regarding the client, including name, email and phone contact details, delivery and invoice details, purchase history and enquiry details. The client can optionally subscribe to any of our newsletters or marketing materials. The client can change this subscription preference at any time via a link on each newsletter. The Purpose and Lawful Basis for Processing Your Personal DataWe use information for a few different purposes and these each have a different lawful basis. If you are an existing Inventech Customer, we hold your name and full contact details because we have a contractual obligation to deliver services to you. We need your contact details to deliver our services (such as send you update emails when you need to take actions, update you on our products, send you invoices and so on.) We also use your data to make our products and services smarter, faster, secure, integrated and useful to you. We will continue to hold your information for six years from the date of your latest purchase for legal records. If you are a previous Inventech customer, in the six year period following the end of your subscription, we may continue to contact you with information about our services because we think you will find it useful. We believe we have a legitimate interest in this direct marketing activity (and this is also permitted under the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations or “PECR”) but you are always able to unsubscribe by clicking the link at the bottom of the emails we send, or by emailing us at support@inventech.co.ukIf you are a supplier or other business associated with SPOCE’s field of work, we will hold your contact details because we have a legitimate interest in doing business with your company. We will aim to hold this information for three years since we were last in contact with you. If you visit our website, we use Google Analytics to track user activity so we can improve our services and products. We may record your computer’s IP address so we can tell how each user and repeat visitor is using our site. Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information. We have a legitimate interest in tracking user journeys on the site so that we can improve our services and products. You can find out more about Google’s privacy by visiting https://policies.google.com/privacy. We may also offer you targeted offers in relation to your activity. We will hold IP information for a maximum of six years from the time of your last visit to our site. If you’re not an existing customer, we may have your contact details on our marketing list so we can send you emails and newsletters about our services and products, along with information we think you may find useful. We will only send you this information if we have your consent (which you gave to us by ticking a consent box when you signed up to our lists or agreed to verbally over the phone). You may withdraw consent at any time – usually this is easiest by ticking the ‘unsubscribe’ option at the bottom of the information we send to you. You can also email us at support@inventech.co.uk at any time. Please note that if you do this, we will delete your records on our marketing list. If you remain on our marketing list, we will hold your information for three years from the time we last checked that you wanted to receive communication from us.
Who We Share your Personal Data With
We use a number of different service providers who provide subject-matter related expertise to enable us to operate our business and the services we provide to our customers. Your personal data may be transferred to these data processors who generally fall under the following categories: Website analytics, Website and Data Hosting service providers Email, contacts and calendar service providers Telephone network service providers Accounting software service providers
For security reasons (to reduce the risk of phishing attacks on our customers) we do not name all our service providers in this privacy notice. The types of personal data we hold about you (and that may be transferred to our data processors) are set out above. Please contact us at support@inventech.co.uk if you want further information on specific data processors or the types of personal data they process for us. Other Circumstances in which we may share personal data with third parties We may also share your personal data with the following third parties in certain circumstances: We will share personal information with law enforcement or other authorities (such as regulatory bodies) if required by applicable law. We may share personal information with third parties to whom we choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our organisation or assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other organisations or merge with them. If a change happens in our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice. We may share personal information with professional advisors such as lawyers, accountants, or auditors in order for them to provide legal, accounting or auditing services to us. We will not sell or rent your information to third parties and we will never share your information with third parties for marketing purposes other than our own marketing activity. International Transfers of Personal Data and the Measures in Place to Safeguard It We do not directly transfer any of your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA). However, some of our data processors may do so and this section explains the impact of these international transfers and how your information is protected. Many of our data processors operate ‘cloud-based systems’, which means the information is held in information data centres in different locations. All the cloud-based systems we use reserve the right to hold copies of your personal information outside the EEA to hold back-up copies, so they can guarantee recovery. In each case we and / or our processors use one or more of the following means that are designed to help safeguard your privacy rights and give you remedies in the unlikely event of abuse: Certain processors may transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. Providers storing data in the U.S. may be self-certified to the EU-US Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to the personal data shared between Europe and the U.S. Please contact us at support@inventech.co.uk if you want further information on the specific mechanisms used by our data processors when transferring your personal data outside of the EEA.
Your Personal Data Rights
The personal data we hold about you is your data, so you have certain rights over it. This section summarises your rights. You can exercise any or all of these rights when you choose, and the easiest way is by dropping us an email at support@inventech.co.uk. Where we are processing your data based on your consent (e.g. for marketing purposes) you can withdraw that consent and we must immediately stop processing your data. Please note that up to that point, we’re acting lawfully with your consent, withdrawal of consent cannot be backdated. You have the right to request a copy of all personal data we hold relating to you and we must provide this within 30 days. You also have the right to require us to correct any records that are wrong. You have the right to require us to erase personal data and we must comply unless we need it for one of the purposes described above (for example, if we hold a live contract for you). We also retain the right to keep data that is needed to establish, exercise, or defend a legal claim. Where we process your data based on a ‘legitimate interest’ (underlined in the section on Purpose and Lawful basis, above) you still have the right to object to our processing of that data. From that point, we must stop processing your data until we have determined whether your rights override our interests. Finally, you may have the right to have your personal data transferred to another organisation and we’re obliged to provide it to you in a clear and reasonable format.
Other Points and Complaint Policy
Other Purposes for Processing Personal Data
We don’t process your personal data for any other purpose than we’ve described here. We won’t sell your personal data to other companies. As we develop the Inventech range of products, we might add a new data process to our platform that uses your personal information. Should we decide that we want to develop a new processing purpose, we will contact you to let you know what we intend to do, the lawful basis we will use, and your rights over our intended new processing. We’ll also publish information about it here. Our Contractual Requirements to Use Your Personal Data
If you’re a Inventech customer or supplier, it’s a requirement that we collect personal information from you so that we can enter into a contract with your company. Complaint policy and procedure Inventech is committed to providing a high quality service to everyone we deal with. We treat as a complaint any expression of dissatisfaction with our service which calls for a response. We listen to your complaints, treat them seriously, and learn from them so that we can continuously improve our service. You can make a complaint in a number of ways: by e-mail: support@inventech.co.uk or by post to: Inventech Ltd, Tinkers, Broadlands, Burgess Hill, West Sussex RH15 0BG
Invalid Form properties detected
Question not answered?Contact UsYour NameNameYour EmailEmailFeedbackPlease tell us your feedback.Send MessageSend Message
Inventech Ltd - Progress Through Technology, , , Phone : | Email: info@inventech.co.uk | Office Hours: Mon-Sat 09:00 AM to 6:00 PME & OE
close lightbox