https://www.dri.edu/privacy-policy-new/
Home
Partner With Us
Faculty & Staff Directory
Careers
Press Room
Contact
Privacy Policy
This policy describes the information gathering and dissemination practices for the DRI web site at www.dri.eduand associated subdomains and pages.
Information Gathering
DRI logs IP addresses (network addresses) to identify:
frequency of pages or areas visited
categories of site visitors by general domains (.edu, .com, etc.)
browsers and operating systems used by site visitors
We do not correlate IP addresses to individuals. As such, visitor sessions will be tracked but visitors will remain anonymous, except as noted below.
Search terms entered into the various DRI search engines are recorded, but this data is not associated with IP addresses or individual users.
Several web-based forms within DRI’s web site request personal information (e.g., name, e-mail, standard mailing address). Such pages support specific DRI-sponsored activities, such as newsletter mailing lists and conference registrations, for which this information is necessary and justified.
Use of Information
The DRI Office of External Affairs and Communications uses the information described above to tailor content and navigational tools to visitors, ensure broad access to the site regardless of browser software, monitor site performance, and generate general statistical reports. Site usage by individual IP addresses is not disclosed unless specifically requested by law enforcement agencies investigating a specific abuse of DRI’s computer or network resources.
Personal information, where collected, is distributed only to the organizers of the function for which the web form is explicitly requesting information. Distribution is strictly controlled, and making this information available outside these groups is strictly prohibited. Contributors to DRI fund-raising activities may be listed by name only in future promotional or acknowledgment materials. DRI does not provide or sell any personal information to outside entities.
Security
DRI’s web site and the local servers and network on which it depends have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of data collected.
External Links
DRI’s web pages contain links to other independently maintained web sites outside the www.dri.edu domain. DRI and its web team are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
General Data Protection Regulation Compliance (GDPR)
GDPR is a regulation established by the European Union (EU) and applies to personal, identifiable information on EU citizens. There are three main requirements of the GDPR:
1. Data Protection Impact Assessments (DPIA’s): These are compliance frameworks similar to Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
2.  Role Definitions: GDRP asks that roles and responsibilities are clearly defined in an organization such as data controllers and data processors.
3.  Breach notifications must occur within 72 hours: if a breach of information occurs and it involved personal, identifiable information on EU citizens, the breach must be reported within 72 hours to the Supervisory Authority (SA).
According to the regulation the SA has investigative, advisory and corrective powers.
The Desert Research Institute fully supports user privacy and the privacy of our community members from the EU and will make every attempt to comply with the requirements as they apply to the Institute.
Contact Information
By visiting this website, you are accepting the practices of this policy. If you have questions or concerns about this policy, the practices of this site, or your interactions with this site, please contact:
DRI Office of External Affairs and Communications
Attention: Justin Broglio, Communications Manager
Phone: 775-673-7610
E-mail: media@dri.edu
Visitor address: 2215 Raggio Parkway, Reno, NV
Postal address: 2215 Raggio Parkway, Reno, NV
We try to respond to feedback within five business days.
DRI's Updated Privacy and Cookies PolicyWe use cookies to offer you a better experience on our website, analyze our site traffic, and to provide social sharing functionality for our online stories. By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with ourcookie policy.
Accept RejectPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Save & Accept