http://www.mdsg.umd.edu/our-policy-online-comments
Skip to main content
Our Policy on Online Comments
Our Links
Any link by MDSG on our webpages and social media to outside content does not constitute an endorsement of that content by MDSG nor are we responsible for that content.
Your Comments and Links
Maryland Sea Grant (MDSG) values and respects diverse viewpoints and welcome productive dialogue about the topics we work on. We allow and encourage readers to share your comments and ideas on our webpages and social media accounts, subject to the rules described below. By posting comments on these pages, commenters are agreeing to this policy.
These webpages include:
Facebook  |  Twitter  |  YouTube  |  LinkedIn  |  Our news and blog pages
MDSG encourages you to recognize that all of our online content is intended to be family-friendly and viewable by all ages. All posted content must comply with MDSG’s rules for posting, described below, and will be removed if it does not meet these requirements. Repeatedly violating these guidelines may result in our permanently removing your right to post on our pages.
We do not allow comments or links that defame, harass, abuse, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights of others.
We do not allow graphic, obscene, abusive, hateful, or explicit comments or links.
We do not allow solicitations or advertisements.
We do not allow comments or links that publish, post, distribute, or disseminate any defamatory, discriminatory, indecent, infringing, misleading, obscene, or unlawful material or information.
We do not allow comments that publish, post, or distribute personal attacks of any kind.
We do not allow comments that endorse political parties, candidates, or groups.
We do not allow comments that suggest or encourage illegal activity.
We do not allow off-topic posts or spam.
Because this page is public-facing, any posts will be viewable by the general public. In visiting this site, you agree to take personal responsibility for both your comments and any other information provided. Please do not post material containing anything confidential or personal, such as social security numbers, addresses, phone numbers, etc.
MDSG monitors our online pages and social media accounts for compliance with these rules but does not have the staff resources to do so continuously. You may report posts or comments that you believe violate the above rules by emailing us at communications@mdsg.umd.edu.
Main Menu (levels 2-3)
What's New
Chesapeake Quarterly
On the Bay: Chesapeake Quarterly's Blog
Fellowship Experiences: A Students' Blog
News Releases
Sea Level Rise Special Report
Headwaters Newsletter
Videos
Our Communications Staff and Products
Our Policy on Online Comments
Program Announcements
Knauss legislative fellowships in Congress help build careers — and they're fun and educational. See our video and fact sheet for details.
Maryland Sea Grant has program development funds for start-up efforts or strategic support for emerging areas of research. Apply here.
Upper-level undergraduates are invited to apply for the Maryland Sea Grant REU program. This is a great opportunity to conduct research with a mentor and spend a summer by the Chesapeake Bay. Apply Here
Maryland Sea Grant will host a webinar to discuss expectations for research projects as well as developing the outreach sections of the pre- and full proposals. December 14 at noon. Register here.
Graduate Students: Apply for the Knauss Marine Policy fellowship program through February 19.
The Maryland Sea Grant College seeks pre-proposals for its next funding cycle, February 1, 2022 to January 31, 2024. Find out more here.
News and Blogs
November 23, 2020
Cultivating Culture: Highlighting the resiliency of shellfish farmers and watermen in uncertain times
October 27, 2020
Chesapeake Quarterly: We’d like to hear from you
September 29, 2020
Turning the Tide: New film highlights work of the Chesapeake Bay Sentinel Site Cooperative
Video Gallery
Sea Grant Film Explores a Diminishing Smithville
Smithville is a community on Maryland’s Eastern Shore, on the edge of the Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge. A century ago, Smithville had more than 100 residents. Today, it has four, in two homes: an elderly couple, and one elderly woman and her son, who cares for her.
More Videos • Read More
Featured Fellow
Anna WindleAnna Windle uses satellites and drones to study water quality in Chesapeake Bay. In her spare time, Anna enjoys swimming, biking, and running to train for triathlons.
Read more
Featured Research Project
Discrimination of Phytoplankton Taxa in the Optically Complex Waters of Chesapeake Bay
A spectral library of remote sensing reflectance for major phytoplankton taxonomic groups in the Chesapeake Bay will be developed using measured and modeled inherent optical properties as inputs into radiative transfer equations (HydroLight TM). The spectral library will be used to develop a phytoplankton discrimination algorithm in order to distinguish major phytoplankton taxa and sediment types in Chesapeake Bay waters.
Read more
The Blue Crab: Callinectes Sapidus
An essential resource for researchers, students, and managers.  Get your copy today!
Chesapeake Quarterly Magazine
Chesapeake Quarterly June 2020
View Current Issue
Subscribe
5825 University Research Court, Suite 1350 | College Park, MD 20740 | Phone: (301) 405-7500 | Fax: (301) 314-5780 | Contact Us
About Us
Welcome and Mission
Our Achievements
Employment
Our Office / Directory
Donate
Privacy Policy
Research
Our Priorities
Funding
For Funded Researchers
eSeaGrant Portal
Current Research Projects — list
Search Research Projects
Search Research Publications
Education
Our Programs
K-12 Resources
Research Experiences for Undergraduates
Puerto Rico Undergraduate Education Initiative
Undergraduate Multimedia Internship
Graduate Fellowships
Fellowship Experiences: A Students' Blog
Communities
Our Services
Coastal Climate Resilience
Economics
Fisheries and Aquaculture
Seafood Safety and Technology
Water Issues and Restoration
Bay Issues
Bay Issues Guide
Ecosystems and Restoration
How You Can Help
Chesapeake Bay Facts and Figures
Crabs, Oysters, Other Animals
Coastal Flooding and Climate Change
Water Safety
Bay Culture
©2020 Maryland Sea Grant. All rights reserved.