http://www.pestworld.org/privacy-policy/
X CLOSE
Find a Professional
Pest Control Help
Tips on Finding a Pro
Pest Prevention Tips
Pest FAQs
Hazardous Waste Disposal
Integrated Pest Management
Identify Pests
Pest In The House
News & Views
News & Views
Pest Articles
Pest Health Hub
Guest Columnists
Press Releases
Pest Videos
Multimedia Center
Multimedia Center
Infographics
Public Service Announcements
All Things Bed Bugs
All Things Bed Bugs
History of Bed Bugs
Bed Bug Biology
Where are Bed Bugs Found?
Signs of Bed Bugs
Bed Bug Facts & Statistics
Bed Bug Prevention
Best Practices
Public Policy
Commercial Protocols
State Specific Bed Bug Laws
Bed Bug FAQ
Kids Zone
PestWorld For Kids
Children's eBook Series
About Us
Mission & History
Our Experts
Community Relations
Careers
Contact
Commercial Services
Find a Pest Control Professional
Advanced Search
|
International Search
Tips on Finding a Pest Control Professional
Privacy Policy
The National Pest Management Association (NPMA) is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors' personal information. This Policy explains how we gather and use the information that we collect from the NPMA website, located at www.pestworld.org. This policy may change over time. Amendments to this statement will be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted. Your continued use of this site following the posting of any amendment, modification or change shall constitute your acceptance thereof.
NPMA is committed to protecting the privacy of our members, donors, customers, and other contacts. Our privacy policy is clear: We will collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Any information you choose to provide on the website will only be used to provide or improve services. NPMA guards your privacy and appreciates your trust.
E-mails and Web Forms
Personally identifying information that you provide by e-mails or web forms will be used only for such purposes as are described at the point of collection, such as to send information or products to you or to respond to your questions or comments. If you provide contact information, NPMA staff or its contractors may contact you to clarify your comment or question.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
During your visit as you browse through the website, read pages, or download information, we will automatically gather and store certain information about your visit but not about you. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about the visit:
The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if a private Internet access account, or "aschool.edu" if connected from a university) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to a computer whenever it is surfing the Web) from which access to our web site is gained;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time of access to our site;
The pages visited and for how long; and
The address of the website from which the initial visit to www.pestworld.org was launched, if any.
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors and to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use. The data that are collected are not connected to your personal information or identity.
Links to Other Sites
This website contains links to other sites. NPMA is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites, which may be different from the privacy practices described in this policy. We encourage you to become familiar with privacy practices of other sites you visit, including linked sites.
Security
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, NPMA uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1001 and 1030. Information also may be used for authorized law enforcement investigations. Except for the above purposes, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits.
Revisions
We reserve the right to change or modify this privacy statement at any time. If we revise our privacy statement, we will post those changes on the homepage and other places so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Find a Pest Control Professional
Advanced Search
|
International Search
Tips on Finding a Pest Control Professional