http://www.sercel.com/Pages/legal-notice.aspx
Ahead of the Curve
MySercel
HomeCurrently selectedAbout Sercel
Vision and valuesWhat is geophysicsStatement of ExcellenceCode of EthicsHSELocationsHistorySelling to Sercel
Products
LandDownholeSeabedMarine
Applications
Underwater AcousticsEarth MonitoringStructural MonitoringManufacturing ServicesDefense
Support
Repair & ServicesTrainingCourse scheduleHotlineVirtual Patent Marking
NewsCareers
Discover our jobsWhy Join SercelThe Best in the BusinessJoin UsStudents
BLOG
Legal notice
Page Image
Page Content You are currently connected to the http://www.sercel.com website. Consultation of this website implies implicit acceptance of the following conditions of use applicable to each visitor of this website. Please read them carefully. 1. Legal Information This website is published by Sercel, a French simplified Joint-Stock company, with a registered capital of € 2 000 000 having its registered office at 16, rue de Bel Air, 44470 Carquefou, France and registered on the Nantes trade and companies register under number 378 040 497, with the SIREN Number 378 040 497, the SIRET number 378 040 497 000 26, the APE code 2651B and with the intra community VAT identification number FR 25 378 040 497, telephone +33 2 40 30 11 81.This website has been designed and produced under the supervision of Sercel Marketing & Sales Department.The person in charge of publishing the site is the publishing director Emmanuelle Dubu, Chief Executive Officer and the managing editor is Beryl MAHE, Web Manager.Hosting company:SercelAddress: 16, rue de Bel Air, 44470 Carquefou, FranceTel: +33 2 40 30 11 81Website developed by:Groupe ExpertimeAddress: Technoparc de l’Aubinière – 18 Impasse des Jades44338 Nantes, FranceTel: +33 2 40 50 28 02 A declaration for this website has been made to the French supervisory authority (the "CNIL"), authorization number: 1089995 2. Privacy policy 2.1 Collection and use of personnel dataYou may visit this website without having to disclose your identity or any other personal data.However Sercel may collect your personal data via an information request form available in the following section of the website: - the repair live section This section enables you to request repair on Sercel equipments. Any fields marked with an asterisk are mandatory. Collected information exclusively enables us to meet your demand.Under no circumstances this information will be disclosed to any third party or used for a purpose which has not been brought to your attention without your acceptance. Sercel undertakes to keep this information confidential. 2.2 Data access In compliance with the provisions of the revised Data Protection Act n°78-17 of January 6, 1978 you are informed that you have the right to view, modify, correct and/or delete your personal information. You can exercise this right by sending an email to: webmaster@sercel.com.Sercel also applies the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles as agreed between the United States of America and the European Union in connection with the European Privacy Directive. Sercel Safe Harbour Certification can be found at www.export.gov/safeharbour.2.3 Data Security Sercel maintains commercially reasonable safeguards to store all such collected personal data in a secure-access environment and in a manner that complies in all material respects with applicable laws and industry standards to guard personal data against loss, destruction, misuse, improper disclosure and unauthorized access or modification. 2.4 CookiesThis site uses cookies. A cookie is a small data file that is placed on hard drive when you visit this web site. Cookies cannot damage or read information stored on your hard drive. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information about you and therefore cannot be used to identify you personally. Cookies simply assist Sercel in tracking which of its features you like best. Cookies also enable Sercel to customize its content according to your preferences. Sercel informs you that you can adjust your browser settings to refuse all cookies or to inform you when a cookie is being placed on your hard drive. 2.5 Special notice for American website users This site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen years old and Sercel does not intend to collect any personal data from children under the age of thirteen years old.However, if children under the age of thirteen years old provide personal to us, their parents should request that we delete this information from our files by sending us an email at webmaster@sercel.com. We will use all reasonable efforts to delete children’s information from our files. 3. Limitation of liability 3.1 Hypertext LinksThis site may link to other sites. Sercel declines any liability concerning their content and privacy policy. 3.2 Website ContentSercel use its best efforts to ensure the reliability of the information when made available on its website. However, Sercel:-does not make any representations or warranties concerning the accuracy or completeness of the information made available on its website, including any hypertext links or any other electronics links used either directly or indirectly from the website;-reserves the right to modify at any time and without notice the information and documents herein published;-accepts no liability whatsoever for any inaccuracies or omissions concerning any information available on or through its site, and generally, for any direct or indirect damages of whatsoever kind and howsoever caused arising out of any person’s access, or inability to access the website, or through the use of, and/or reliance upon any information obtained either directly or indirectly from the website.Information and documents herein published do not create relationship or obligations or liability for Sercel and are published “as is” without warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, including but not limited to, the implied warranty of merchantability. Information and documents contained therein are used by user at his sole risk. 3.3 Availability of the websiteThe website is normally accessible 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. Sercel strives to maintain accessibility of the website without being bound by an obligation to succeed. It is specified that for maintenance, update and other purposes, namely for technical reasons, access to the www.sercel.com website may be interrupted. Sercel shall under no circumstances be held liable for these interruptions and any consequences resulting from them for the user.3.4 Modifications to StatementSercel reserves the right to change, modify, or update this statement at any time with or without notice. Sercel indicates the current statement below, so you can know when it was last updated.4. Intellectual Property 4.1 Copyright All the information on this website (documents contained on the site and all elements created for the site) is the property of Sercel. Information and documents published by Sercel on the website may be used and copied for internal, non-commercial use only. Copy shall not be modified, shall include notice of its origin and shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein.Unless formal prior written approval is given by Sercel, the user is not authorized to place a hypertext link to the website and/or the pages it contains on his or her own website. Requests for such approval should be sent to the following email address: webmaster@sercel.com.Except as expressly provided above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or other rights whatsoever under this information and these documents or under any patent, trademark or other intellectual property rights belonging to Sercel or any third party. 4.2 Protected names All corporate names, logos, and Registered® and Trademark ™ products mentioned in this site belong to Sercel. They may not be used without the prior written agreement of Sercel. 5. Information and contact 5.1 Further informationShould you require further information, please contact Mr B. Mahe, by e-mail at beryl.mahe@sercel.com or by mail addressed at SERCEL, 16 rue de Bel Air, 44470 Carquefou, France. 5.2 ContactTo contact Sercel, please click here.Last update : April 2020
Contact Us
Please contact us for more information about our products, technical support or other services.
Global locations
Headquartered in Nantes, France, with a worldwide network of regional offices, Sercel provides complete equipment solutions for seismic acquisition.
Repairlive
Submit repair requests directly to Sercel repair centers and track the status of Sercel electronic and streamer products.
Legal notice
-
Mentions légales
-
Privacy
-
Confidentialité
Anywhere. Anytime. Everytime.
© 2013 - 2020 Sercel. All Rights Reserved