https://www.QuickIQTest.net/english/terms-privacy/
www.quickiqtest.net
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use (document last updated on May 12, 2018)
1. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS OF USE
(QuickIQTest.net or "we" or "us" or "our") is the owner of www.QuickIQTest.net and the mobile and touch versions (collectively, the "Site").
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these
web site Terms and Conditions of Use, Privacy Policy, all applicable laws and regulations,
and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local
laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from
using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are
protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law. By continuing your
activity on our Site you agree with the fact that if you want to receive
your IQ test results, you'll have to pay for it. At the end of the test
you'll have more options to pay for the results.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials
(information or software) on QuickIQTest.net's web site QuickIQTest.net for personal,
non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license,
not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on QuickIQTest.net;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by QuickIQTest.netat any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on QuickIQTest.net are provided "as is". QuickIQTest.netmakes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, QuickIQTest.netdoes not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall QuickIQTest.netor its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on QuickIQTest.net Internet site, even if QuickIQTest.netor a QuickIQTest.netauthorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on QuickIQTest.net could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. QuickIQTest.netdoes not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. QuickIQTest.netmay make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. QuickIQTest.netdoes not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
QuickIQTest.nethas not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by QuickIQTest.netof the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
QuickIQTest.netmay revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to QuickIQTest.net shall be governed by the laws of the State of Slovakia without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
9. Electronic Communications
When you use the Site or send emails to QuickIQTest.net, you are communicating with us electronically and consent to receive electronic communications related to your use of the Site. We will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the Site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that are provided to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. Notices from us will be considered delivered to you and effective when sent to the email address you provide on the Site or from which you otherwise email us.
10. Linguistic discrepancies
In case of discrepancies between the English text version of this Agreement and any translation, the English version shall prevail.
Privacy Policy
1. Your Information
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of Personal Information*. The following outlines our privacy policy.
We made some important changes in what data we collect and made our privacy policy easier to read, to comply with the new European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) fully implemented from 25 May 2018.
Before or at the time of collecting Personal Information*, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of Personal Information* solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain Personal Information* as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect Personal Information* by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect Personal Information* by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of Personal Information*.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of Personal Information* is protected and maintained.
To display ads on our websites we use third party advertising companies. These companies may use information (not containing your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
2. How we collect Information
You provide us with your Personal Information* when you subscribe or otherwise when you provide us with your Personal Information* during your interaction with the Site. We also collect Personal Information* when you contact us online for customer service and other support using email.
We also receive Personal Information* and other online and offline information from Other Sources. QuickIQTest.net will use such information in accordance with applicable laws. Such information, when combined with Personal Information* collected as provided in this Privacy Statement, will also be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement. We also use cookies, Pixel Tags and Web Beacons*, local shared objects, files, tools and programs to keep records, store your preferences, improve our advertising, and collect Non-Identifying Information*, including Device Data and your interaction with the Site and our Business Partners' web sites.
We use Cookies* that contain serial numbers that allow us to connect your Site activity with other information we store about you in your profile or as related to your interactions with the Site. We use session cookies* on a temporary basis, such as to manage your view of pages on the Site. Information from Cookies also tells us about the website you were visiting before you came to the Site and the website you visit after you leave the Site. When you access these pages or open email messages, we use Pixel Tags and Web Beacons* to generate a notice of that action to us, or our Vendors. These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve the Site's pages and promotions.
Device Data* may be collected when your device interacts with the Site and QuickIQTest.net, even if you are not logged into the Site using your device. If you have questions about the security and privacy settings of your mobile device, please refer to instructions from your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings.
We use Google advertising program and the requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you, using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
3. IMPORTANT DETAILS:
We are a company based in Slovakia, a nice country in the heart of Europe. Our servers and offices are located in Slovakia, so your information may be transferred to, stored, or processed in Slovakia. While the data protection, privacy, and other laws of the Slovakia might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, we take many steps to protect your privacy. By using our Websites, you understand and consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information to our facilities in Slovakia and those third parties such as Survata.com (anonymous surveys platform), Google.com, Google.com (Analytics, Adsense and Adwords) and Mailchimp.com - (our email processor).
We get this data from you after you fill out and submit the form at the end of the test. Some of the data such as your IP, device and browser are collected also right after you visit our website by Google Analytics and Google Adsense programs that we use on our website (you can read more about them close to the and of this document).
Advertising partners. We may partner with third party advertising networks and exchanges to display advertising on our Websites or to manage and serve our advertising on other sites and may share Personal Information with them for this purpose. All third parties with which we share this information are required to use your Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with this policy. We and our third party partners may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as pixels and web beacons, to gather information about your activities on our Websites and other sites in order to provide you with targeted advertising based on your browsing activities and interests.
You can contact us easily by email listed on our contact page.
We try to limit the collection of data to the minimum of what we really need to provide a good service and to be able to improve it further.
We don't have any mailing campaign running at the moment and have no plans in the near future. If you use any of our services and we think you might benefit from using another service that we offer in the future, we may send you an email about that. You can stop receiving our promotional emails by contacting us.
We plan to keep your data for a few years. We may also retain and use your information in order to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent abuse, and enforce our Agreements.
At the moment we don't plan nor have any plans in the near future to share your data with anybody else.
4. SUBSCRIBE RIGHTS
Right to be informed
The data we have about our subscribers are:
- the name and email that you entered at the end of the test
- the IP address and location from which you were connected while doing our test
- the device and browser you used
- the results of your test, which you can access after payment
You Have Right of Access, Rectification And Erasure
We will give an individual, either you or a Subscriber, access to any Personal Information we hold about them within 30 days of any request for that information. Individuals may request to access, correct, amend or delete information we hold about them by contacting on our contact page. Unless it is prohibited by law, we will remove any Personal Information about an individual, either you or a Subscriber, from our servers at your or their request. There is no charge for an individual to access or update their Personal Information.
Right to object
You can unsubscribe from our mailing list at anytime. Just contact us on the email you see listed on our contact page.
"Do Not Track" Disclosure
“Do Not Track” is a standard that is currently under development. Because it is not yet finalized, we adhere to the standards in this policy and don't monitor or follow any Do Not Track browser requests. That said, some of our features may have the ability to monitor or follow Do Not Track browser requests.
5. COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
6. Our postal mail address
QuickIQTest.net
Carrer de la Cera, 18
08001 Barcelona
Spain
For support and any questions/concerns, please contact us at:
7. Returns and Refunds Policy
Digital products
We do not issue refunds for digital products once the order is confirmed and the product is received by customer. We recommend contacting us for assistance if you experience any issues receiving our products.
8. Glossary of Terms
Personal Information means information about you that specifically identifies you or, when combined with other information we have, can be used to identify you.
Pixel Tags and Web Beacons means tiny graphic images placed on website pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed specific actions.
Cookie means a small amount of information that a web server sends to your browser that stores information about your account, your preferences, and your use of the Site.
Some cookies are temporary, whereas others may be configured to last longer. "Session cookies" are temporary cookies used for various reasons, such as to manage page views. Your browser usually erases session cookies once you exit your browser. "Persistent cookies" are more permanent cookies that are stored on your computers or mobile devices even beyond when you exit your browser.
Device Data means information concerning a device you use to access, use, or interact with the Site, such as operating system type or mobile device model, browser type, domain, and other system settings, the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device, geo-location, unique device identifier or other device identifier, mobile phone carrier identification, and device software platform and firmware information.
Non-Identifying Information means information that alone cannot identify you, including data from Cookies, Pixel Tags and Web Beacons, and Device Data.
Non-Identifying Information may be derived from Personal Information.
Thanks for taking the time to learn about our Privacy Policy, and thanks for trusting us.
© 2007 - 2020 QuickIQTest.net All rights reserved.