http://www.taronga.org.au/about/privacy
Skip To NavSkip To Main Content Taronga Conservation Society Australia Donate Shop Taronga TV Taronga Zoo Sydney Taronga Zoo Sydney Home Important Update Travel the Whole Wild World Zoo Friends Visitor Information What's On Getting to the Zoo Accommodation Functions and Venue Hire Taronga Western Plains Zoo Dubbo Taronga Western Plains Zoo Dubbo Home Important Update Zoo Friends Visitor Information What's On Getting to the Zoo Accommodation Functions and Venue Hire Accommodation Accommodation Home Wildlife Retreat at Taronga Roar and Snore Sydney Zoofari Lodge Dubbo Savannah Cabins Dubbo Billabong Camp Dubbo Conservation and Science Conservation and Science Home Transforming our Zoos Caring For the Wild Contributing to Conservation Our Actions Act for the Wild Education Education Home Sydney Excursions Dubbo Excursions Sydney Incursions Study at Taronga Taronga Institute of Science & Learning Get Involved Get Involved Home Donate Taronga Talks Corporate Partners Work at Taronga Volunteers Act for the Wild About Taronga About Taronga Home Our Vision History and Culture Building a Better Zoo Governance Publications Contact Us Privacy Statement NewsClose Extended MenuTaronga Conservation Society AustraliaWhat are you looking for? Search Close Search WindowPrivacyPrivacy Breadcrumb Taronga Conservation Society Australia About Taronga Privacy Statement
Taronga Privacy StatementTaronga Conservation Society Australia (Taronga) takes the privacy of our people, students, guests, donors and digital community seriously. We must comply with the NSW Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998 (PPIPA) and the NSW Health Records and Information Privacy Act 2002 (HRIPA) which establish legal obligations and standards for collecting and dealing with personal information to minimise the risk of misuse of that information. The principles outlined in the PPIPA and HRIPA inform when and how personal information is collected, stored, accessed, amended, used and disclosed by Taronga. Taronga also has an obligation to destroy information that is no longer required for the purpose for which it was collected.In accordance with Section 33 of the PIPPA, Taronga has a Privacy Management Plan. The Plan:details Taronga’s commitment to protecting the privacy of our staff, students, guests, donors, digital community and others about whom Taronga holds personal and health informationinforms Taronga staff about how to manage and protect personal and health informationdescribes how a person can request access to and/or amendment of their personal or health information held by usestablishes a framework for integrating the principles in the PPIPA and HRIPA into existing and future policies, guidelines and procedures that address information issuesdetails complaint handling and internal review procedures including how to make a compliant or request an internal reviewexplains the right and process of applying to the NSW Civil and Administrative Tribunal, in cases where a person remains dissatisfied with internal review findings.A copy of the Plan is available here.Key information is also summarised below.1. Personal informationPersonal information is defined as ‘information or an opinion about an individual whose identity is apparent or can be reasonably ascertained from the information or opinion’ (PPIPA, Section 4). Personal information is information that identifies a person and could be:a written record which may include a person’s name, address and other details about a personelectronic records, photographs, images, video or audio footage and mapsbiometric information such as fingerprints, blood, and records of genetic material.Some exceptions apply as detailed in the Privacy Management Plan.2. Collection of personal informationTaronga collects personal information only for a lawful purpose that is directly related to our work, and is reasonably necessary for that work. A summary of the types of information collected is included in the Privacy Management Plan.We only collect personal information directly from a person, unless the person has authorised someone else to give it to us; or, if the person is under 16 years of age, the parent or guardian has provided it.3. Storage of personal informationEach of Taronga’s business units apply appropriate security to protect personal information. The security of information extends to all stages of the information life cycle, from the time of creation, while it is actively used, to archiving and destruction.4. Accessing or amending personal informationA person can ask for access to and/or amendment of personal information held about them. To make an access or amendment request, contact the business area holding the information (if known) or contact the Privacy Officer.5. Use of personal informationTaronga only uses personal information for the purposes for which it was collected. If there is a need to use the information for another purpose, Taronga is required to ask for the person’s consent except in specific circumstances detailed in the Privacy Management Plan. Consent is only genuine if a person has the capacity to give or withhold consent. For consent to be valid it must be voluntary, informed, specific and current.6. Disposal of personal informationTaronga does not keep personal information any longer than is necessary. Once personal information is no longer required, our staff ensure it is securely disposed of and protected against misuse. Taronga’s Records Management Policy and the State Records Act 1998 provide guidance on how to do this.7. Complaints and internal reviewIf a person believes that Taronga may have breached their privacy, or have not complied with a request for access or amendment, they can:raise an informal complaint;raise a formal complaint; orsubmit an application for internal review of conduct with us.In each case, the person should contact the relevant area, if known, to discuss their issue in the first instance.A complaint can also be lodged with the Information and Privacy Commission.For further information or to provide feedback on Taronga’s Privacy Management Plan, please contact the Privacy Officer. Privacy OfficerTaronga Conservation Society Australia,PO Box 20,osman, NSW 2088Phone: +61 (0)2 9969 2777Email: privacy@zoo.nsw.gov.au For more informationIf you require further information about Taronga's Privacy Management Plan or wish to provide comments, please contact: Privacy OfficerTaronga Conservation Society Australia, PO Box 20, Mosman, NSW 2088ContactPhone 02 9969 2777Email privacy@zoo.nsw.gov.au
Get the latest Taronga news delivered to your inbox. First Name
Last Name
Email
Leave this field blank We proudly Acknowledge the Cammeraigal (Taronga Zoo, Sydney) and Wiradjuri (Taronga Western Plains Zoo, Dubbo) people, their Country, spirit and traditions as customary owners of the lands upon which our Zoos stand.