https://www.kratos.com/cookie-policy
HomeCookie policy
Cookie policy
Information that is gathered from visitors
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit. Where registration is required, the visitor's email and a username will be stored on the server.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Cookies allow us to understand who has seen which pages, and to determine the most popular areas of our web site. We also use cookies to store visitors’ preferences, and to record session information, such as length of visit. Depending on the type of cookie we use, cookies also allow us to make our web site more user friendly, for example, permanent cookies allow us to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit our web site.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. Overview of privacy at Google
Javascript cookie
has_js
This cookie is placed by the website content management system and indicates that your browser supports Javascript. Used for improving your user experience of the website. This cookie will expire automatically at the end of your browsing session.
YouTube cookies
We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. To find out more please visit YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
Learn how to control cookies
To find out more about cookies and how to control and delete them visit AboutCookies.org.