https://www.cbf.org/privacy-policy.html
About CBF
About the Bay
Issues
How We Save the Bay
Join Us
Action Center
News & Media
•Events
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Chesapeake Bay Foundation ("CBF" or "We") collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from and/or about individuals with whom we interact ("You" or "Users"), including (1) users of CBF websites (collectively, the "Website"), including, by way of example, the sites currently located at https://www.cbf.org/; http://www.savethebay.org/; http://www.cbfyearinreview.org/; www.chesapeakeoysteralliance.org; and www.tenmilliontrees.org, (2) people who email with us, (3) people with whom we speak by telephone, (4) people who communicate with us via print materials, (5) people who engage with us in person, and (6) people who engage with us through third party applications. In other words, CBF's donors, advocates, volunteers, students, teachers, school personnel, email lists, event registrants and constituents that rent our facilities.
The Types of Information CBF Collects
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
CBF collects non-personally identifiable information about you whenever you visit the Website. Such information may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned by your internet service provider to the computer you use), the type of browser and operating system you used, the date and time you visited the Website, the Internet address of the site from which you linked to the Website, and which pages you viewed on the Website. We use IP addresses for several purposes, such as calculating usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, and administering the Website.
Web browser cookies, pixel tags, and the like
CBF uses Google Analytics to serve "cookies" to enhance your experience with the Website. A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your computer so that the Website can recognize you and keep track of your preferences. CBF also uses cookies to measure aggregate web statistics, such as collecting the number of Users to the Website, the number of repeat Users, and the most popular webpages, to serve relevant content to a User as they browse the Internet, and for other purposes. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, however, some parts of the Website may not function properly. Information about how Google uses data collected from sites that use its services is located at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. You may opt out of participating with Google Analytics by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
CBF uses a variety of third-party web and mobile application analytics and optimization services that record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity, text you type in the Website, and similar activity. These services do not collect any personally identifiable information that you don't voluntarily provide to CBF via the Website, and they do not track your browsing habits across other third-party websites on our behalf.
We also use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements that may be of interest to you when you access and use our Website and other websites, based on information relating to your access to and use of the Website. To do so, these companies place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser, including through use of pixel tags. To learn more about this practice and to learn about your choices in connection with it, please visit https://optout.networkadvertising.org/ and https://www.aboutads.info/.
In addition, we use pixel tags and other similar technologies to, among other things, track the actions of Users of the Website, measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and compile statistics about use of the Website and response rates.
We may collect the physical location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower or Wi-Fi signals. We may use your device's physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content.
Personally Identifiable Information
CBF collects personally identifiable information, from Users when they voluntarily provide such information, either online or offline. This includes, but is not limited to, when a User becomes a member, renews their membership, makes any other kind of donation, signs up as a volunteer, or registers for an event.
This information may include, but is not limited to, names, email addresses, mailing addresses, telephone numbers, payment information, interests, preferred means of communication, birthdate, marital status, gender, relationships, health information (when required for education trips or courses or volunteer opportunities), and history of interactions with CBF, for example, donation history, volunteer participation, event registration, emails opened, etc. CBF may use third parties to provide updates and supplemental information about Users.
To review the personally identifiable information we have about you and to request corrections, send an email to member@cbf.org, call Member Relations at 888-728-3229, or write to: Member Relations, Chesapeake Bay Foundation, Philip Merrill Environmental Center, 6 Herndon Avenue, Annapolis, MD 21403.
How CBF Uses the Information that it Collects
CBF uses Users' personal information to better understand how Users use the Website so that it can improve the Website and its offerings. In addition, CBF uses Users' personal information to customize content and communications based on individual interests, previous interactions, and location. CBF also uses Users' personal information for the purpose for which the Users provided the information, for example, to add you as a CBF member, to renew your CBF membership, to contact you regarding volunteer opportunities, or to process a donation or facility rental payment. In addition, we use your personal information to communicate with you by providing relevant social media content, inviting you to events, soliciting support, and providing you with membership services.
We also use the personal information we collect for our internal purposes, such as data analysis and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
If you provide CBF with your email address, you will be added to CBF's email list and unless you opt out, you will receive email communications from CBF. If at any time you wish to stop receiving communications from CBF, please follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of any email CBF sends you, send an email to member@cbf.org, call Member Relations at 888-728-3229, or write to: Member Relations, Chesapeake Bay Foundation, Philip Merrill Environmental Center, 6 Herndon Avenue, Annapolis, MD 21403 and ask to be removed from CBF's email list. Alternatively, you can sign in to the Website to access your Preference Center, where you can update your email and direct mail preferences.
How CBF Protects User Information
CBF adopts appropriate data collection, storage, processing practices, and security measures to help protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. Major systems CBF uses to capture and store constituent data have been externally audited by third parties and are deemed SSAE 16 compliant. CBF regularly reviews that status with its vendors. Additionally, all communications between CBF and external systems are encrypted with TLS 1.2 technology. CBF's payment processing systems are all PCI compliant and CBF does not store your credit card information. CBF conducts regular external scans to test the security of CBF's systems. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system is guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with CBF is no longer secure, please immediately notify CBF at member@cbf.org, call Member Relations at 888-728-3229, or write to: Member Relations, Chesapeake Bay Foundation, Philip Merrill Environmental Center, 6 Herndon Avenue, Annapolis, MD 21403.
Sharing Personal Information
CBF uses third-party service providers to help it operate the Website and administer activities on its behalf, such as collecting donations online and registering Users for events. These third-party vendors may have access to User information, but they are required to protect the confidentiality of the information and to use it only for the limited purpose for which it was provided.
CBF may share mailing addresses with other like-minded organizations. To request that CBF not share your mailing address with such organizations, send CBF an email to member@cbf.org, call Member Relations at 888-728-3229, or write to: Member Relations, Chesapeake Bay Foundation, Philip Merrill Environmental Center, 6 Herndon Avenue, Annapolis, MD 21403.
CBF will also share personally identifiable information about Users when required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or to respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant. CBF will also share personally identifiable information if it believes it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of CBF or others.
CBF may also share personally identifiable information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of its business to another company. Moreover, CBF may share personally identifiable information about a User upon the User's consent.
CBF may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personally identifiable information regarding Users with third parties.
Third Party Websites
CBF may provide links from the Website to other websites. A link to a third-party website does not constitute an endorsement of the linked website or its service. Moreover, it is important to understand that CBF does not control the content or links that appear on these third-party websites and is not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the Website. These websites and services have their own privacy policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites that have a link to or from CBF's Website, is subject to that website's own terms and policies. This Privacy Policy covers only information collected by CBF.
Compliance with Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
Protecting the privacy of the young is especially important. For that reason, CBF does not knowingly collect data, solicit, or market to anyone under 13 on our Websites.
California Privacy Rights
If you reside in California and have provided your personally identifiable information to CBF, you may request information once per calendar year about CBF's disclosures of certain categories of your personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted by email to CBF at member@cbf.org, call Member Relations at 888-728-3229, or write to: Member Relations, Chesapeake Bay Foundation, Philip Merrill Environmental Center, 6 Herndon Avenue, Annapolis, MD 21403.
CBF does not currently respond to web browser "do not track" signals.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
CBF may update this Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion. The date at the bottom of this page indicates when the Privacy Policy was last updated. Changes become effective upon posting. Your continued use of the Website after the Privacy Policy has been modified means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy. CBF encourages Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about what information CBF collects and how it uses that information. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of any modifications since your last visit.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using CBF's Website, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the Website and contact CBF with your concerns at member@cbf.org, call Member Relations at 888-728-3229, or write to: Member Relations, Chesapeake Bay Foundation, Philip Merrill Environmental Center, 6 Herndon Avenue, Annapolis, MD 21403.
Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting CBF
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to opt-out of any information sharing or correspondence from CBF, please contact us at member@cbf.org, call Member Relations at 888-728-3229, or write to: Member Relations, Chesapeake Bay Foundation, Philip Merrill Environmental Center, 6 Herndon Avenue, Annapolis, MD 21403.
October 2019
www.cbf.org
About CBF
About the Bay
Issues
How We Save the Bay
Join Us
Action Center
News & Media
Events
Stay up to date about the Bay! Sign Up
The Bay Needs You
The 2018 State of the Bay Report makes it clear that the Bay needs our support now more than ever. Your donation helps the Chesapeake Bay Foundation maintain our momentum toward a restored Bay, rivers, and streams for today and generations to come.
Donate Today
Save the Bay
Founded in 1967, the Chesapeake Bay Foundation (CBF) is the largest independent conservation organization dedicated solely to saving the Bay.
Save the Bay
x
This website uses cookies to tailor and enhance your online experience. By continuing, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. For more information, including details on how to disable cookies, please visit our Privacy Policy. Close