http://www.bioair.it/en/privacy.php
Your Safety is our Commitment
Cabinet choice
Bioair
Our approach
Our Quality
History
References
Work with us
We make
Products
Laminar Flow CabinetsAura HZLearn moreAura SDVLearn moreAura MiniLearn moreAura PCRLearn moreBiosafety CabinetsSafemate EZLearn moreSafemate EcoLearn moreSafemate EVOLearn moreSafemate CytoLearn moreSafemate TotalLearn moreSafe3Learn moreEmbryosafeLearn moreCO2 IncubatorsSafegrow proLearn moreFume HoodsSafehoodLearn moreIndustrialModulairLearn moreSafe SPLearn moreSafeboothLearn moreSafethroughLearn more
Advanced Therapy Solutions
ISOCell PRO Cell Therapy Isolator
ISOCell PRO can be the answer to your needs by providing a streamlined workflow environment reducing the set up and running costs of cell therapy products preparation.
Learn more
Customized applications
YOUR PROJECT, OUR SOLUTIONS
We can can provide a complete support for your project and requirements.
Projects are developed in close collaboration with customers, to satisfy any production needs.
Learn more
We care
After Sale Service
Maintenance
Other
R&D
Media
Downloads
Tech notes
News
Papers
Youtube
Contact us
Privacy
Privacy Policy
This page describes how to process personal data of users who visit the site. This is an information that is provided pursuant to art. 13 of Legislative Decree 196/2003 - Code of protection in the matter of personal data - to those who interact with the website of the company BIOAIR SpA accessible by telematic means starting from the address https://www.bioair.it/ . The information is provided only for the BIOAIR SpA website and not for other websites that may be consulted by the user through links. The information is also based on the provisions of Recommendation no. 2/2001 that the European Authorities for the protection of personal data, gathered in the Group established by the art. 29 of the Directive n. 95/46 / EC have adopted on 17/05/2001 to identify some minimum requirements for the collection of personal data online, and in particular, the methods, timing and nature of the information that the holders must provide to users when these they link to web pages regardless of the purpose of the link. The present informative also possesses all the requisites required by the art. 13 of the 2016/679 EU Regulation.
HOLDER OF THE TREATMENT
Following consultation of this site, data relating to identified or identifiable persons may be processed. The data controller is BIOAIR SpA, with registered office in Pero (MI), Via Figino 22 and Siziano (PV), Via Lombardia 12.
DATA PROCESSING PLACE
The data related to the navigation of the site or voluntarily provided by users and treatments related to the services provided take place at the headquarters. The data provided by users are processed by the Data Processor and by the persons in charge in full compliance with the Code.
Data usage
Purpose of the collection of personal data: are collected and recorded only personal data necessary for the purpose for which these data are sent freely by the user.
NAVIGATION DATA
The computer systems and the software components used for the proper functioning of this website acquire, during their normal operation, some data already present in the use of Internet communication protocols. This information is not collected and registered to be associated with identified interested parties, but by their very nature could, through special processing and association with data held by third parties, allow users to be identified. This is information such as domain names used to connect to the site by users and, in any case, they are used for the sole purpose of obtaining anonymous statistical information on the use of the site and to check its correct functioning.
COOKIES AND TAGS
This site uses very common cookies as a marker of a user's identity. The life of cookies is limited to the browsing session, ie closed the Browser (Explorer, Chrome, Mozilla or others), the cookie dies. In some cases cookies are created that have a maximum life time of 2 years, specifically these recorded if you have arrived on our site through the Google search engine and has the express purpose of measuring the effect of advertising campaigns on the Motors of Search. The cookies of this site do not constitute a danger of data acquisition for the computer / browser of the user who accepts them. Within the website some pages are subjected to statistical analysis through "TAGS" specific to the Google Analytics service.
DATA SUPPLIED VOLUNTARILY BY USER
Following the consultation of this site, data allowing the identification of data subjects can be processed. The voluntary and explicit sending of data by completing the form in the CONTACTS section involves the acquisition of the sender's e-mail address and other information such as: Name, Surname, Business name, address, telephone number, fax. Even the optional, explicit and voluntary sending of electronic mail to the addresses indicated on this site involves the subsequent acquisition of the sender's address, necessary to respond to requests, as well as any other personal data included in the message.
DATA PROCESSING METHODS
Personal data are processed with automated tools for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which they were collected. Specific security measures are observed to prevent data loss, illicit or incorrect use and unauthorized access and more generally for everything concerning the processing of data with such tools.
INTERACTION WITH SOCIAL NETWORK AND EXTERNAL PLATFORMS
These services allow you to make interactions with social networks, or other external platforms, directly from the pages of this website. The interactions and information acquired from this website are in any case subject to the user's privacy settings related to each social network. In the event that an interaction service with social networks is installed, it is possible that, even if users do not use the service, the same collect traffic data relating to the pages in which it is installed.
COMMUNICATION AND DIFFUSION OF DATA
The personal data provided by users who forward requests for information, reports, complaints and sending informative material are used only to respond to the request received and are communicated to third parties in the event that this is necessary for this purpose, or to fulfill to legal obligations. Beyond these cases, the data will not be communicated or disseminated to any other subject, unless explicit consent of the user.
Links to other websites
BIOAIR SpA can provide on its website some links to third party websites. Since the Company does not control these websites, users are advised to review the privacy policies they enter. These external sites, whose links are present on our site, go beyond the responsibility of the Company.
Like button and Facebook social widgets (Facebook, Inc.)
The "Like" button and Facebook social widgets are services of interaction with the Facebook social network, provided by Facebook, Inc. Personal data collected: Cookies and usage data. Place of processing: USA - Privacy PolicyTweet button and Twitter social widgets (Twitter, Inc.)The Tweet button and Twitter social widgets are services of interaction with the Twitter social network, provided by Twitter, Inc. Personal data collected: cookies and usage data. Place of processing: USA - Privacy Policy
RIGHTS OF THE INTERESTED
The subjects to whom the personal data refer have the right at any time to obtain confirmation of the existence or otherwise of the same data and to know its content and origin, verify its accuracy or request its integration or updating, or correction (articles 15 and following EU Regulation 2016/679). You have the right to request cancellation, transformation into anonymous form or blocking of data processed in violation of the law, as well as to oppose in any case, for legitimate reasons, to their processing; finally, you have the right to ask to be informed of the existence of adequate guarantees pursuant to art. 46 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 in the case of personal data transferred to a third country or to an international organization, request deletion where possible (right to be forgotten), request treatment limitation, request data portability. The above mentioned requests should be addressed to BIOAIR SpA, with registered office in Pero (MI), Via Figino 22 and Siziano (PV), Via Lombardia 12.
BioAir S.p.A.
Headquarters: Via Figino, 20/22 - 20016 - Pero (MI) Italy - Phone: +39 0382 66721
e-mail: info@bioair.it - PEC: info@pec.bioair.it - Privacy - DURC - HR WorkFlow
Manufacturing plant: Via Lombardia 12 – 27010 Siziano (PV) Italy
NREA MI – 2577880 Partita IVA e CF: 11078210967 - Cap. Soc. Euro 1.000.000 i.v. - codice SDI SUBM70N