http://www.danvillesignal.com/privacy-policy
Home
Products
High Performance Audio
dspMusik 2/8
dspCrossover
USB Audio Class 2
Audio Weaver
Wireless Audio
DSP Board Solutions
dspblok DSP Modules
dspSoM 589
dspblok 21469
dspblok 21469+USB
dspblok 21489
dspblok 21489+Ethernet
dspblok 21489-100
dspblok 21479
dspblok USB Audio DSP Modules
dspblok 21469uac2
dspblok 21489uac2
dspblok 21479u8a
dspblok I/O & Power Supply
dspblok ad96k family
dspblok io-rtc
dspblok ps-uart
Legacy Products
dspInstrument
ATC Tone Notching
DSP-8200e Card Cage
DSP-8200s2 Standalone
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
We are Danville Signal Processing, Inc. of 29687 82nd Avenue Way, Cannon Falls, MN 55009. Our Data Protection Officer is Lori Ann Clark, contactable via privacy@danvillesignal.com.This notice is to inform you about how we collect and protect any personal information you provide to us, how you can control what personal information we collect from you, and what we do with it. It sets out how we intend to use your information, who we will share it with, and what rights you have about use of your information.This notice applies however you provide personal information to us — whether you go online to our website (danvillesignal.com), engage in business & development activities, contact us via social media, visit our events, email or chat with us, or enter into promotional contests with us.Welcome to Danville Signal Processing, Inc.  (the "Site").We understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site, especially when conducting business. This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site ("Visitors") who visit without transacting business and Visitors who register to transact business on the Site and make use of the various services (collectively, "Services") ("Authorized Customers")."Personally Identifiable Information" refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, and credit card information. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?
We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors, because you have given it to us. We collect the following additional information from our Authorized Customers: the names, phone numbers and email addresses of Authorized Customers.With whom may the information may be shared?
Personally Identifiable Information collected on this site will be shared only with employees within the Site company. Your information is not sold or leased to any 3rd party vendors.How is Personally Identifiable Information stored?
Personally Identifiable Information collected by the Site is securely stored offline and is not accessible to third parties or employees of the Site except for use as indicated above.What choices are available to Visitors regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?
Visitors and Authorized Customers may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us.Are Cookies Used on the Site?
Danville Signal uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. Aside from this Danville Signal does not use cookies or write any information onto your hard drive aside from the cached data that your browser writes to your temporary internet files folder. You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies. Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
How does the Site use login information?
The Site uses login information, including, but not limited to, IP addresses, ISPs, and browser types, to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user's movement and use, and gather broad demographic information.How does the Site keep Personally Identifiable Information secure?
All of our employees are familiar with our security policy and practices. The Personally Identifiable Information of our Visitors and Authorized Customers is only accessible to a limited number of qualified employees who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers, is protected by encryption protocols, in place to protect information sent over the Internet.How can Visitors correct any inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information?
Visitors and Authorized Customers may contact us to update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by contacting us. Do not send sensitive information via email.What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes?
We will let our Visitors and Authorized Customers know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site.Links: This web site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
If you have any questions about your privacy rights at our website, please contact us.
ContactPurchasePrivacy PolicyTrademarksConflict MineralsSite Map
© Copyright 2003-2020 Danville Signal Processing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Danville Signal Processing, Inc.29687 82nd  Avenue Way,  Cannon Falls, MN 55009 USA Phone: +1-507-263-5854