http://www.amentsoc.org/help/conditions.html
Skip to content
Amateur Entomologists' Society
Home
About us
Membership
Bug Club
Publications
Events
Insects
Shop
Members
Search:
Help
Copyright
Site map
Accessibility
Privacy & Cookies
Conditions of use
News feeds
You are: Home >
Help >
Conditions of use
Conditions of use
Welcome to our Web site. If you continue to browse and use this Web site you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern the Amateur Entomologists' Society's relationship with you in relation to this Web site.
The term "Amateur Entomologists' Society" or "AES" or "us" or "we" refers to the owner of the Web site whose address is PO Box 8774, London, SW7 5ZG. The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our Web site.
Terms of use
The content of the pages of this Web site is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this Web site for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this Web site is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this Web site meet your specific requirements.
This Web site contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with our copyright statement.
All trademarks reproduced in this Web site, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the Web site.
You agree not to use the Web site in a way that may impair the performance, corrupt the content or otherwise reduce functionality.
You agree not to compromise the security of the Web site or attempt to gain access to secured areas or sensitive information.
Unauthorised use of this Web site may give rise to a claim for damages against you and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this Web site may also include links to other Web sites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the Web site(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked Web site(s).
You may create links to Web pages on this site in accordance with the details provided in our copyright statement.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account details on the AES Web site (specifically the shop and/ or members area). You are also reponsible for restricting access to your computer to prevent unauthorised access to your account. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
Please ensure that the details you provide us with are correct and inform us immediately of any changes.
Your use of this Web site and any dispute arising out of such use of the Web site is subject to the laws of England and Wales. Disputes arising in connection with this Web site shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. Customers within the EU can also use the Online Dispute Resolution service.
Conditions relating to the Sale of Products to You
Our contract
When you place an online order to purchase a product from the AES, or from AES publications in the case of the AES books, (both hereafter known as 'us'), you will be sent an email confirming receipt of your order and containing the details of your order. Your order represents an offer to us to purchase a product which is accepted by us when we send email confirmation to you that we've dispatched that product to you. Taking payment from your credit/debit card does not indicate our acceptance of an order. That acceptance will be complete at the time we send the dispatch confirmation email to you. Any products on the same order which we have not confirmed in a dispatch confirmation email to have been dispatched do not form part of that contract.
We only offer English as the language for the conclusion of the contract.
Prior to submitting your online order you will be able to review the order and make any changes/corrections using the links provided. After submitting the order you will also be able to view a copy of this order within the online shop 'My account' section. A copy of the contract is not kept, only the order.
Except where goods are faulty, if you decide to return goods then you will be responsible for paying any return costs.
Children
The AES does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use our Web site only with the involvement and/or supervision of a parent or guardian.
If you are a parent or carer, you might also like to read the guidance from the UK Safer Internet Centre or Protecting Children's Privacy Online - A Guide for Parents, Carers and Educators.
Electronic communications
When you visit our Web site or send emails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. We communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the Web site. For contractual purposes, you consent to receive communications from us electronically and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
Events beyond our reasonable control
We will not be held liable for any failure to provide services of any kind to the user / customer because of circumstances outside our control, such as natural disasters, terrorism, catastrophic failure of computer equipment or other unforeseen circumstances. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
Cooling off period
Customers in the European Union buying our books and merchandise are entitled to a statutory cooling-off period of seven business days. Please see our Shipping and Returns information.
Alteration of service or amendments to the conditions
We reserve the right to make changes to our Web site, policies, and these Conditions of use at any time. You will be subject to the policies and Conditions of use in force at the time that you use the Web site or that you order goods from us, unless any change to those policies or these conditions is required to be made by law or government authority (in which case it will apply to orders previously placed by you). If any of these conditions is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
Waiver
If you breach these conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
Society details
The AES is a registered charity (no. 267430) and our address is:
The Amateur Entomologists' Society,
PO Box 8774,
London,
SW7 5ZG
You can contact us by using our contact us form, or for sales information: shop@amentsoc.org.
AES publications
AES Publications
c/o The Amateur Entomologists' Society
PO Box 8774LondonSW7 5ZG
Contact us
Site map
Help
Privacy & Cookies
Conditions
News feeds
Links directory
The Amateur Entomologists' Society, PO Box 8774, London, SW7 5ZG https://www.amentsoc.org Registered charity no. 267430
Copyright © 1997-2020 Amateur Entomologists' Society
This website uses cookies, if you want to use our site without cookies or would like to know more, please see Privacy & Cookies. If you continue to use this site we'll assume that you're happy with this.