http://www.invivogen.com/terms-conditions
Jump to navigation
Terms & Conditions
Orders
You can order online, by telephone, fax or e-mail.
For telephone, fax and e-mail orders, please provide the following information:
1. Institution or customer account number
2. Shipping address
3. Billing address   Warning:  Orders must be delivered and invoiced in the same country
4. Purchase order number
5. Name of end user
6. Telephone of end user
7. Name of purchasing agent
8. Quantity, catalog code, and the description of the product
9. For Visa, MasterCard , American Express and Discover orders, please provide card type, name on the card, card number and expiration date.
10. For Europeans customers, Value Added Tax (VAT) registration number.
Ordering 24 Hours a Day
Orders to be shipped can be placed at www.invivogen.com, by fax or e-mail 24 hours a day. InvivoGen US customer service representatives are available to take phone orders from 7:30 am to 4 pm Pacific Time Monday through Friday.
Pricing and Terms
We reserve the right to delete or change specifications, including price, at any time without notice. For the most up-to-date pricing information for any product, please visit www.invivogen.com, contact Customer Service, or contact your local distributor. Unless specified, written price quotes are firm for purchase orders received within 30 days. Payment terms are net 30 days from the invoice date. Pre-payments may be required for initial orders with completion of credit application. For bulk and custom orders, a non-refundable deposit may be required. InvivoGen does not require a minimum order quantity.
Changes or Cancellations
Standard orders for InvivoGen catalog items may be cancelled at no charge provided that we receive notice before the order is shipped. Cancellations after the order is shipped are subject to a 20% restocking fee. Bulk, custom and standing orders are non-cancellable. Additions to an order after processing and shipping may be subject to additional freight and ice charges.
Returns
All product returns must have prior authorization and approval. Contact our customer service or technical service department for a return authorization number. Return authorization numbers are valid for 30 days from issuance. Items that are authorized for return must arrive at InvivoGen in a resalable condition to be eligible for a product credit. A 20% restocking fee will be charged on returns made through no error or fault of InvivoGen, and shipping charges will not be credited. Products may not be returned for credit after 20 days of receipt of material.
Warranty
InvivoGen warrants that the products sold will meet our specifications at the time of delivery. InvivoGen’s sole liability shall be limited to, at our option, replacement of material(s) that does not meet our specification or refund of the purchase price. By acceptance of the product, the buyer indemnifies and holds InvivoGen harmless against, and assumes all liability for any direct, incidental, special or consequential loss, damage or expense directly or indirectly arising from the use of the product, even if InvivoGen knew of the possibility of such loss, damage or expense.
Shipping
US orders are shipped C.I.F. from InvivoGen Corp, San Diego, CA. Domestic orders are shipped 2-3 days express by our designated carrier. Orders can be expedited to overnight service for an additional fee. European orders are shipped from InvivoGen SAS, Toulouse, France, via our designated carrier(s).
Please inquire for all other destinations, other charges such as import duties and value added taxes may apply. Dry ice charges may apply.
Shipping days are Monday through Friday, US dry ice shipments are done from Monday to Wednesday.
Purchaser Notification / Disclaimer
All of InvivoGen products are provided for internal research purposes only and are not intended for therapeutic, prophylactic or diagnostic use in humans or animals. They are covered by exclusive InvivoGen rights and rights we may have received from third parties. Depending on your country/area and your local law, they may also be subject to other third party rights. Non-research and/or for profit use of InvivoGen products is not allowed without additional rights from InvivoGen, and may also require additional rights from third parties. Thus, certain products may not be available for non-research and/or for-profit uses.
By ordering InvivoGen products, the buyers agree and acknowledge that (i) they are sole and fully responsible for their use of the products, (ii) they respect InvivoGen’s Terms and Conditions and InvivoGen’s rights, and (iii) they shall comply with any and all applicable law and regulations. Purchase of InvivoGen products does not grant rights to reproduce, repackage or modify the products.
Authorized Uses & Restrictions
The purchase of InvivoGen product(s) conveys to the buyer the non-transferable right to use the purchased amount of the product and all replicates and derivatives for, internal, non-profit research purposes conducted by the buyer in his laboratory only (whether the buyer is an academic or a for-profit entity). The shipment address shall match with the buyer’s laboratory. The buyer cannot sell, resale or otherwise transfer (a) the product (b) its components or (c) materials made using this product or its components to a third party. The buyer agrees that any activity undertaken with the product and replicates or derivatives will be conducted in compliance with all applicable guidelines, laws, and regulations. The buyer agrees that the product and replicates or derivatives will not be used for any animal or human therapeutic or diagnostic use.
Limited Use License & Intellectual Property
Limited Use License
Products sold by InvivoGen are only available for an internal, non-profit research use and are not intended for therapeutic, prophylactic or diagnostic use in humans or animals (see Authorized Uses & Restrictions). Purchase does not include any other right or license to use, develop or otherwise exploit our products. Any use of InvivoGen products outside of the Authorized Uses (see Authorized Uses & Restrictions) requires additional rights from InvivoGen. Depending on the product, we can offer extended rights of use upon request (see For-Profit Purposes). Please contact outlicensing@invivogen.com to obtain additional information and the rights you need.
Brands
The following trademarks are owned by InvivoGen, their use in any advertising, news release, or promotional/sales literature is not allowed without InvivoGen’s prior written consent:
AddaVax™, Fast-Media™, Fungin™, HEK-Blue™, InvivoGen®, LyoVec™, Normocin™, Plasmocin®, Plasmocure™, PlasmoTest™, Primocin®, QUANTI-Blue™, QUANTI-Luc™, VacciGrade™, Zeocin®, Lucia®, THP1-Dual™, B16-Blue™, Jurkat-Dual™, RAW-Blue™, HeLa-Difluo™, A549-Dual™, HepG2-Dual™, Ramos-Blue™, NATE™, Normocure™, pFUSE™, pUNO™, pDRIVE™, pDUO™, pTRIOZ™, pNiFty™,  pVIVO™, pVITRO™, pMOD™, pSELECT™, pBROAD™, pWHERE™, pVAC™, pFUSEN™, pMONO™, pCpG™.
Patents and Intellectual Property
InvivoGen products contain in-house proprietary constructs and proprietary technologies on which we retain full ownership and intellectual property rights, including several patent families around the world. The use and/or production methods of our products are notably covered by the following US and foreign patents/pending patents:
13/354,469    A CpG-free gene for a new secreted reporter protein
20110008894     Lyophilized plasmid/DNA transfection reagent carrier complex
20100222418     Combination Products For Treating Cancer
7,244,609    Synthetic genes and bacterial plasmids devoid of CpG
6,620,609    Process of microwave sterilization of culture media for selection of recombinant microorganisms
5,856,153    Suicide genes and new associations of pyrimidine nucleobase and nucleoside analogs with new suicide genes for gene therapy of acquired diseases
5,118,620    Application of antibiotics of the phleomycin family as selection agent in the field of genetic engineering
9,458,184    Novel compositions of TLR7 and/or TLR8 agonists conjugated to lipids
9,567,336    Conjugates of a TLR7 and/or TLR8 agonist and a TLR2 agonist
9,295,732    Conjugated TLR7 and/or TLR8 and TLR2 polycationic agonists
8,435,77    A Cpg-Free Gene for A New Secreted Reporter Protein
7,244,609    Synthetic genes and bacterial plasmids devoid of CpG
For-Profit Purposes
"For-Profit Purposes" means any activity beyond the internal, non-profit research use granted with the purchase of InvivoGen products. They may include, but are not limited to, the use of InvivoGen products or any part of its components for the following examples:
-    for manufacturing purposes;
-    to provide a service, information, or data;
-    for therapeutic, diagnostic or prophylactic purposes;
-    for resale purposes, whether or not they are resold for use in research and whether or not alone or included in a third party’s product;
-    for drug discovery and drug development purposes, including screening, validation, and CMC assays
-    for quality control assays
The buyer understands and agrees that any and all For-Profit Purposes are specifically prohibited without additional rights granted from InvivoGen.
InvivoGen offers different types of additional rights to allow For-Profit Purposes. Available additional rights may vary depending on the product.
For any information or to obtain additional rights for For-Profit use of our products, feel free to contact us at outlicensing@invivogen.com.
Cell Lines for Drug Discovery & Quality Control
Like other InvivoGen products, our cell lines (including Replicate and Derivate) are sold under our Terms and Conditions for internal, non-profit research purposes. Thus, the purchase of our cell lines does not include any right or license to use, develop or otherwise exploit them for For-Profit Purposes. However, additional rights to our cell lines are available for drug discovery, drug development and quality control purposes.
For any information or to obtain additional rights to our cell lines, please contact us at outlicensing@invivogen.com.
"Replicate" means any biological or chemical material that represents a substantially unmodified copy of InvivoGen products such as, but not limited to, material produced by growth of cells.
"Derivative" means material created from InvivoGen products and that is substantially modified to have new properties such as, but not limited to, recombinant DNA modified clones.
Web Site Terms of Use
Website disclaimer
The information contained on this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by InvivoGen and while we endeavor to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
There is no warranty that your access to or use of this web site will be uninterrupted or error free.
Website usage terms and conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy governing InvivoGen's relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term 'InvivoGen' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 10515 Vista Sorrento Pkwy, San Diego, California 92121 USA. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages on this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
We do not provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
Privacy Notice
We store information you enter on our web site (such as names, addresses, and products ordered). We may ask for your credit card details on a secured web page, if you choose to order that way. We only use the provided information to process orders and communicate with our customers. Customer information is never disclosed to any third parties.
Like many websites, we also use cookies, but most of the cookies we send are deleted when you close your browser. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies do allow you to order online from our site, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Information about our customers are never sold nor otherwise passed-on to third parties.
Nobody, except the concerned persons in our company, has the possibility to access your information.
You may ask to view, modify or delete information concerning you by emailing us at webmaster2@invivogen.com.
Read our updated Privacy notice (May 2018)
Copyright
Copyrights © InvivoGen. All Rights Reserved.
The materials on this Site belong to InvivoGen. InvivoGen grants you a limited, revocable, license to download or print one copy of the materials on this Site, but only for the purpose of ordering products on the Site. When you download or print a copy of the materials on this Site, you must also include all copyright and other notices that are in the materials. Reproduction of any materials from this site is strictly forbidden without permission for commercial use. Non-profit use of graphics, images, and text found on our website for non-commercial research and educational purposes is permitted, citation should include the URL "www.invivogen.com". Copyright authorization may be asked by contacting us at webmaster2@invivogen.com.
Customer Service& Technical Support
Contact us
Terms & Conditions
Contact us
Distributors
Meetings
Careers
Cookies management
Our products are provided for research purpose only. Commercial applications may require licensing from third parties.
Note that the sequence of available ORFs provided by InvivoGen can differ from a given reference Genbank record due to genetic variations and/or alternative splicing. Customers should
verify
that the version of a gene sold by InvivoGen is suitable for the customer needs.
Copyrights : ©InvivoGen. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction of any materials from this site is strictly forbidden without permission for commercial use. Nonprofit use for non-commercial
research and educational purposes is permitted, citation should include the URL "www.invivogen.com"
Shopping cart is empty