http://www.probeindustries.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Introduction
This document (together with any documents referred to in it) tells you the terms and conditions (the ‘Conditions’) upon which we will supply the Services listed on this website (the ‘Website’) to you.
Read our privacy policy regarding your personal information.
We reserve the right to revise and amend the Website, our disclaimers and the Conditions at any time without notice to you. Your continued use of the Website (or any part thereof) following a change shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether we have changed these Conditions.
About us
This Website is owned and operated by Probe Industries Limited (‘we’/’us’/’our’), a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number: 3063625 having our registered office at Unit 9 Fergusons Business Park, West Sleekburn, Northumberland, NE22 7DD. Our VAT Number is: 652215168.
Our telephone number is 01670 811584.
Communications
You agree that email and other electronic communications can be used as a long-distance means of communication and acknowledge that all contracts, notices, information and other communications that we provide to you electronically comply with any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
We will contact you by email or provide you with information by posting notices on our Website.
Overseas orders
You must comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the country for which the Services are destined. We will not be liable for any breach by you of any such laws.
Complaints
If you have a comment, concern or complaint about any Services you have purchased from us, please contact us via email at enquiries@probeindustries.co.uk or by post at the address stated above.
Intellectual property
Services sold or licensed by us and Website content may be subject to copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property rights in favour of third parties. We acknowledge those rights.
The content of the Website is protected by copyright (including design copyrights), trade marks, patent, database and other intellectual property rights and similar proprietary rights which include (without limitation), all rights in materials, works, techniques, computer programs, source codes, data, technical information, trading business brand names, goodwill, service marks, utility models, semi-conductor topography rights, the style or presentation of the goods or services, creations, inventions or improvements upon or additions to an invention, confidential information, know-how and any research effort relating to iResources moral rights and any similar rights in any country (whether registered or unregistered and including applications for and the right to apply for them in any part of the world) and you acknowledge that the intellectual property rights in the material and content supplied as part of the Website shall remain with us or our licensors.
You may download or copy the content and other downloadable items displayed on the Website subject to the condition that the material may only be used for personal non-commercial purposes. Copying or storing the contents of the Website for other than personal use is expressly prohibited.
You may retrieve and display the content of the Website on a computer screen, store such content in electronic form on disk (but not any server or other storage device connected to a network) or print one copy of such content for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all and any copyright and proprietary notices. You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy or distribute or use for commercial purposes any of the materials or content on the Website.
You acknowledge that any other use of the material and content of this Website is strictly prohibited and you agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit or create derivative works from such material and content.
No licence is granted to you in these Conditions to use any of our trade marks or those of our affiliated companies.
Website use
You are permitted to use the Website and the material contained in it only as expressly authorised by us.
Liability and indemnity
Notwithstanding any other provision in the Conditions, nothing will affect or limit your statutory rights; or will exclude or limit our liability for:
Death or personal injury resulting from our negligence
Fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation
Action pursuant to section 2(3) of the Consumer Protection Act 1987
Any matter for which it would be unlawful for us to exclude or attempt to exclude our liability
The Website is provided on an ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ basis without any representation or endorsement made and we make no warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise (unless otherwise expressly stated in these Conditions or required by law) in relation to the information, materials, content or services found or offered on the Website for any particular purpose or any transaction that may be conducted on or through the Website including but not limited to implied warranties of non-infringement, compatibility, timeliness, performance, security, accuracy, condition or completeness, or any implied warranty arising from course of dealing or usage or trade custom.
We will not be liable if the Website is unavailable at any time.
We make no representation or warranty of any kind express or implied statutory or otherwise regarding the availability of the Website or that it will be timely or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs.
We will not be responsible or liable to you for any loss of content or material uploaded or transmitted through the Website and we accept no liability of any kind for any loss or damage resulting from action taken in reliance on material or information contained on the Website.
We cannot guarantee and cannot be responsible for the security or privacy of the Website and any information provided by you. You must bear the risk associated with the use of the internet. In particular, we will not be liable for any damage or loss caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, any viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful that may infect your computer, peripheral computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material as a result of your use of the Website or as a result of your downloading, streaming or otherwise accessing any Digital Content supplied on the Website or from any website linked to it.
We will use all reasonable endeavours to carry out our obligations within a reasonable period of time but will not be liable to you for any loss, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from any delays in doing so.
We will not be liable, in contract or tort (including, without limitation, negligence), or in respect of pre-contract or other representations (other than fraudulent misrepresentations) or otherwise for:
any economic losses (including without limitation loss of revenues, profits, contracts, business or anticipated savings and any loss related to your business, the extent of which was not foreseeable at the time of the contract); or
any loss of goodwill or reputation; or
any special losses or losses not normally reasonably foreseeable at the time of the contract; or
any loss of data; or
wasted management or office time; or
any other loss or damage of any kind suffered or incurred arising out of or in connection with the provision of any matter under these Conditions and/or the Contract and/or the use of this Website or any aspect related to your agreement to purchase the Services even if such losses are foreseeable or result from a deliberate breach of these Conditions by us that would entitle you to terminate the Contract between us or as a result of any action we have taken in response to your breach of these Conditions. Without prejudice to the terms of this clause and in the event that we are unable to rely upon it, our liability for all and any losses you suffer as a result of us breaking the Contract, whether or not deliberate, including those listed in clauses 8.1 to 15.8.6, is strictly limited to the total of the price of and any delivery charges you paid for the Services.
You agree to fully indemnify, defend and hold us, and our officers, directors, employees and suppliers, harmless immediately on demand, from and against all claims, including but not limited to losses (including loss of profit, revenue, goodwill or reputation), costs and expenses, including reasonable administrative and legal costs, arising out of any breach of these Conditions by you, or any other liabilities arising out of your use of this Website or any other person accessing the Website using your personal information with your authority.
This clause does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer, nor does it affect your contractual cancellation rights.
Privacy policy
In order to monitor and improve customer service, we sometimes record telephone calls.
We shall be entitled to process your data in accordance with the terms of our Privacy Policy. Please view this document for further information. All information provided by you will be treated securely and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 (as amended).
You can find full details of our Privacy Policy on the Website.
Third party rights
Except for our affiliates, directors, employees or representatives, a person who is not a party to the Contract has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of the Contract but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party that exists or is available apart from that Act.
External links
To provide increased value and convenience to our users, we may provide links to other websites or resources for you to access at your sole discretion and risk. You acknowledge and agree that, as you have chosen to enter the linked website we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and do not review or endorse and are not responsible or liable in any way, whether directly or indirectly, for:
The privacy practices of such websites
The content of such websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources
The use which others make of these websites; or
Any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused to you, arising from or in connection with the use of or reliance upon any such advertising, content, products, goods, materials or services available on and/or purchased by you from such external websites or resources
Linking to the Website
You must not create a link to the Website from another website, document or any other source without first obtaining our prior written consent.
Any agreed link must be:
To the Website’s homepage
Established from a website or document that is owned by you and does not contain content that is offensive, controversial, infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person or does not comply in any way with the law in the UK and the law in any country from which it is hosted
Provided in such a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it
Established in such a way that does not suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists
We have no obligation to inform you if the address of the Website home page changes and it is your responsibility to ensure that any link you provide to our homepage is at all times accurate.
We reserve the right to withdraw our consent without notice and without providing any reasons for withdrawal. Upon receiving such notice you must immediately remove the link and inform us once this has been done.
General
We reserve the right to change the domain address of this Website and any services, products, product prices, product specifications and availability at any time.
All descriptions supersede all previous publications. All product descriptions are approximate.
If any provision of these terms and conditions is held by any competent authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity of the other provisions of the Contract and the remainder of the provision in question will not be affected.
All Contracts are concluded and available in English only.
If we fail, at any time during the term of a Contract, to insist upon strict performance of any of your obligations under it or any of these terms and conditions, or if we fail to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which we are entitled under the Contract, this shall not constitute a waiver of such rights or remedies and shall not relieve you from compliance with your obligations.
A waiver by us of any default shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent default.
No waiver by us of any of these Conditions or of any other term of a Contract shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to you in writing in accordance with clause 3
Any Contract between you and us is binding on you and us and on our respective successors and assigns. You may not transfer, assign, charge or otherwise dispose of the Contract, or any of your rights or obligations arising under it, without our prior written consent. We may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract or otherwise dispose of a Contract, or any of our rights or obligations arising under it, at any time during the term of the Contract.
Governing law and jurisdiction
The Website is controlled and operated in the United Kingdom.
Every purchase you make shall be deemed performed in England and Wales.
The Conditions and any Contract brought into being as a result of usage of this Website will be governed by the laws of England and Wales and you irrevocably agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
About Probe Industries
Get in Touch
Our Products
Product Applications
Let Us Solve Your Problem
Clients Testimonials
“When Timberpak purchased our Washington site we looked at various methods of controlling dust in our production/storage area and decided on Probe Industries to supply Probe Atomiser units to control dust emissions in our production and storage areas.
These proved a cost effective answer to our problems. Fitting was arranged to work around our production schedule and carried out quickly and efficiently and tailored to our specific requirements.
As our material turnover expanded so did our operational need and with the construction of a new loading facility we had no hesitation in contacting Probe to seek advice and discuss our needs after detailed discussions we decided to trial a nozzle system with parts supplied by Probe and installed in house.
The advice we were given resulted in a system far beyond our expectations and the trial system is now in full time use and is performing without fault ensuring dust free loading of 100+ vehicles per week.
We would have no hesitation in recommending Probe Industries either for service or advice.”
Manager, Timberpak Ltd
“When selecting a supplier to handle our air control systems at our busy London transfer station, we wanted a supplier who was able to respond to our ever changing needs. It was key to have a supplier who could respond to faults in a prompt manner. Probe Industries has repeatedly proven that they can adapt to our requirements providing a first class service. It should also be noted that the regulatory bodies have repeatedly commented about the effectiveness of the Airopure Fresh solution and its ability to neutralize odours.”
Transfer Station Manager, Veolia
“We’ve been trying this product since Friday of last week and it’s so far done a fantastic job of eliminating the odour problem that existed. Another plus is that the citrus air smell is actually quite pleasant, prior to using I was a little concerned that it would just try and mask the odour but as I’ve already indicated it has eliminated it all together. We also used Airopure during a final clean down of our washer system on Friday prior to the weekend shutdown, it was far more pleasant coming in on Monday morning with no odour present.“
HR & Compliance Manager, Dragon Recycling Solutions