http://www.mis.mpg.de/imprint/privacy-policy.html
Max-Planck-Institut für
Mathematik in den Naturwissenschaften
Adresse:Inselstr. 2204103
LeipzigDeutschland
Kontakt:Telefon: +49 (0) 341 - 9959 - 50Telefax: +49 (0)
341 - 9959 - 658Email: info(at)mis.mpg.de
Durchsuchen Sie die Webseite
Geben Sie Ihren Suchbegriff ein:
English I Deutsch
Hauptnavigation HomeThe InstituteNewsResearchCareerIMPRSCalendarPeoplePublicationsLibraryServicesInternal
Provider IdentificationPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use
Address: Inselstraße 22 04103 Leipzig Germany
Phone: +49 (0) 341 - 9959 - 50
Fax: +49 (0) 341 - 9959 - 658
Contact by E-mail
How to find our institute
The Max-Planck-Gesellschaft zur Förderung der Wissenschaften e.V. (MPG) takes the protection of your personal data very seriously. We process personal data gathered when visiting our websites in compliance with applicable data protection legislation. We neither publish your data nor transmit them to third parties on an unauthorized basis. In the following section, we explain which data we record when you visit one of our websites, and exactly how they are utilized:
1. Scope of data processing
As a matter of principle, we gather and utilize users' personal data only to the extent required to ensure the functioning of our website and of our contents and services. The gathering and utilization of our users' personal data normally occurs after users have granted their consent. An exception occurs where data processing is legally permitted.
2. Legal basis of data processing
To the extent that permission of the affected individual is obtained for the processing of personal data, Article 6 (1) lit. a of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) serves as the legal basis.
In the processing of personal data to fulfil a contract whose contractual party is the individual affected, Article 6 (1) lit. b GDPR serves as the legal basis. This also applies to processing required to implement pre-contractual measures.
If processing is required to safeguard the justified interest of the MPG or a third party and the interests, basic rights and basic freedoms of the affected individual do not outweigh the first-mentioned interest, Article 6 (1) lit. f GDPR serves as the basis for such processing.
3. Data deletion and storage duration
The affected individual's personal data are deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of the storage ceases to apply. Storage can also occur if provided for by European or national legislators in EU regulations, acts or other legislation to which the MPG is subject. A blocking or deletion of data then occurs only if a storage period prescribed by one of the aforementioned norms expires, unless a necessity exists in relation to the further storage of the data for the arrangement of a contract or the fulfilment of a contract.
4. Contact details of the individuals responsible
The entity responsible in the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation and other national data protection acts as well as other data protection legislation is the
Max-Planck-Gesellschaft zur Förderung der Wissenschaften e.V. (MPG)Hofgartenstraße 8 D-80539 Munich Telephone: +49 (89) 2108-0 Contact form: www.mpg.de/kontakt/anfragen Internet: www.mpg.de
5. Data Protection Manager's contact details
The Data Protection Manager at the entity responsible is
Heidi Schuster Hofgartenstraße 8 D-80539 Munich Telephone: +49 (89) 2108-1554 datenschutz@mpg.de
Each time you visit our website, our service and applications automatically record data and information from the computer system of the visiting computer.
The following data are gathered temporarily:Your IP addressDate and time of your access to the websiteAddress of the page visitedAddress of the previously visited website (referrer)Name and version of your browser/operating system (if transmitted) These data are stored in our systems' log files. These data are not stored together with the user's other personal data.
The legal basis for the temporary saving of data and log files is Article 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. Storage occurs in log files in order to ensure the website's functionality. The data also help us optimize the websites, eliminate malfunctions and ensure our IT system security. Our justified interest in data processing pursuant to Article 6 (1) lit. f GDPR also lies in such purposes.
The data are deleted as soon as they are no longer required to achieve the purpose for which they were gathered. If data are gathered for the provision of the website, this is the case if the respective visit is ended. In the instance that data are stored in log files, this is the case after seven days at the latest. Storage above and beyond this period is possible. In this case, the users' IP addresses are deleted or removed so they can no longer be allocated to the visiting client.
The recording of data for the provision of the website and the storage of data in log files is essential to operate the website. As a consequence, users do not have an option to revoke such data recording.
On our website, there is an option to subscribe to a newsletter free of charge. When registering for the newsletter, data from the data entry form are transmitted to us. These are generally your email address, family name and first name. We inform you about the specific processing of the data and we obtain your consent as part of the registration procedure. Reference is also made to this data-protection statement. The data are utilized exclusively to send the newsletter.
The legal basis for the processing of data after registration for the newsletter by the user is the user's consent pursuant to Article 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. The gathering of data serves to deliver the newsletter. The data are deleted as soon as they are no longer required for the purpose for which they were gathered. Accordingly, the user's email address is stored for as long as the newsletter subscription is active. The respective user can terminate the newsletter subscription at any time.
The management and storage of your personal information occurs in the case of application for a position on the systems of Opencampus.net (Munich).
Your personal data will only be conveyed to state institutions and authorities in legally essential cases or for criminal prosecution based on attacks on our network infrastructure. The data are not transmitted to third parties for other purposes.
As an individual whose personal data are gathered as part of the aforementioned services, you have, in principle, the following rights, to the extent that no legal exceptions are applicable in individual cases:Information (Article 15 GDPR)Correction (Article 16 GDPR)Deletion (Article 17 (1) GDPR)Restriction of processing (Article 18 GDPR)Data transmission (Article 20 GDPR)	Revocation of processing (Article 21 GDPR)	Revocation of consent (Article 7 (3) GDPR)Right to complain to the regulator (Article 77 GDPR). For the MPG, this is the Bavarian Data Protection Authority (BayLDA), Postbox 606, 91511 Ansbach.
Contact      Imprint      Privacy Policy      Homepage MPI MIS
27.02.2020, 15:13