http://www.livingstreets.org.uk/policy-and-resources/our-policy/walkable-neighbourhoods/
Contact Us
Scotland
Wales
Back
Home
Policy and resources
Our policy
Walkable Neighbourhoods
What we say
Cities around the world are now competing in terms of liveability. At Living Streets we think that central to this is ensuring our streets are walkable.
Motor traffic cutting through our streets has a serious impact on the health and quality of life of people living there – too much traffic, too fast, too noisy, too much pollution.
Issues of air and noise pollution are very real. But the biggest negative of through or “ratrun” traffic is the strangling effect it has on people spending time on their streets.
In the space of two generations, we’ve seen children’s roaming distance collapse as motor vehicle volumes on residential streets have rocketed.
Children don’t play out any more, and neighbours don’t chat to each other.
We need to reclaim our local streets
What we want
We’ve known for decades that the lower the traffic on a street, the more community interaction and healthy physical activity we see.
Because of that more and more councils and residents are now working together to make residential streets work better for the people who live on them.
Places where through motor vehicle traffic has been removed or reduced – so only residents and a few deliveries and services have access – are great for everyone.
These are networks of quieter streets where children play out, neighbours catch up, air pollution is lower, and walking and cycling are the natural choice for everyday journeys.
And it turns out that cutting through traffic on side streets doesn’t add significantly to congestion on main roads.
Plus it’s cheaper than building new roads and can be trialled for a period of time to see how the local community likes it.
Low-traffic Neighbourhoods Guide
While introducing low traffic neighbourhoods is not without its challenges, examples from across London have shown they do work and once in, are incredibly popular.
This guide is from London Cycling Campaign and Living Streets and draws on expertise from those who’ve designed, implemented and campaigned for award-winning low traffic neighbourhoods.
Download our Low Traffic Neighbourhoods Guide - pdf
Download the introductory booklet - pdf
What is happening?
Local Living Streets Groups up and down the country are campaigning to introduce low-traffic neighbourhoods so that streets become attractive, safe and healthy places.
Creating low-traffic neighbourhoods
What you can do
Join our campaign
Pavements for People
Take action
Make the roads outside a local school car-free
STEP UP WITH US SIGN UP FOR OUR EMAILS
First name
*
Last name
*
Email address
*
Postcode
*
Thanks for giving Living Streets your email address. We’ll keep you updated on our news, campaigns and donating. You can opt out at any time and we won’t share your details. We take the security of your data seriously – read our privacy policy.