http://www.aiaa.org/privacy
Privacy Policy
Home
In This Section
About AIAA
Annual Reports
Strategic Plan
Governance
History & Heritage
Branding and Logo
AIAA Merchandise
Contact Us
Advertise with AIAA
Privacy
Terms
Social Media Policy
Site Map
Last updated: February 22, 2019The American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) is committed to protecting the privacy of its members and others who visit our websites and use our products and services. To support that goal, AIAA has adopted this privacy policy.Please read this privacy policy so that you can make an informed decision about using our products and services. By creating an account to apply for membership, purchase products, participate in our events and activities, or use our services, you agree to this privacy policy and consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of the personally identifiable information we require under the conditions described in this policy.
Information Collected
AIAA collects personally identifiable information when you place an order for an AIAA product or service; submit an abstract or paper for publication; subscribe to a journal, newsletter, or our magazine; register for a conference; apply for membership; make a donation; or otherwise participate in the activities of the Institute. We may also collect personally identifiable information when you send an e-mail, and we may collect demographic and personal interest information when it is available, using web analytics. In each case, our objective in collecting this information is to learn more about you so that we can serve you better. If you choose to make a payment to us, we may collect certain information from you, including address, mailing preferences, email, etc. so that we can accurately complete the transaction. In cases where we use third-party service providers for payment processing, we do not collect or maintain your payment card information.We also collect information volunteered by users, such as survey responses. This information is kept confidential by AIAA and is used internally to improve our products, services, communications, and customer service operations.If we intend to use any information we collect from you in a manner that is not consistent with this policy, you will be informed of this anticipated use in advance of when the information is collected, or we will obtain your consent subsequent to collecting the information but before the information is used. Our partnerships with outside vendors and third-party service providers are intended to enhance our own processes, products, and services and to streamline transactions. Internet systems and services provided by our vendor partners that are accessible through our websites have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions. You are advised to read the privacy policies of external sites made available by our service providers and partners before disclosing any personally identifiable information. Contact them directly if you have questions. Additionally, AIAA is not responsible for content or activities that may be available through third-party links that are included on our websites or through social media. AIAA’s privacy policy does not apply to any personally identifiable information collected by such a third party, even if access to their products and services was achieved through an AIAA website or other communication.
Data Processing and UseAIAA collects and processes personally identifiable data to serve the legitimate interests of AIAA. This includes but is not limited to, managing memberships, and subscriptions; delivery of products and services; marketing; data analysis; and
communications. From time to time, we may use your address, phone number, or email address to promote a product or provide you with updates about Institute activities and other industry information that we think may be of interest to you.We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties except as is necessary to conduct our business or with your consent or direction. We confidentially share personally identifiable
information, including email addresses, with certain third parties whose services enhance our ability to provide the products, services, and systems that allow you to engage fully with AIAA. We may also release your information when appropriate
to comply with a court order or legal process or to protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety.We may derive information in the aggregate that includes your personally identifiable information but that is not personally
identifiable to you. For instance, we may collect information on what pages users access. AIAA uses this information to improve our websites and enhance our online offerings, information, and services. We may share this type of aggregated
information with third parties to enhance the services they offer to us and for other legitimate business purposes.
SecurityThe Institute undertakes reasonable efforts to ensure that all personally identifiable information collected electronically or in person remains secure. We use industry-standard IT controls for all of our systems.With your permission,
we use cookies to recognize your browser and capture certain information such as remembering user IDs and passwords, saving your preferences for future visits, differentiating between new and repeat users, and aggregating data about site
traffic and site interaction. Data generated by cookies is confidential and will be used for legitimate business purposes only. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate setting in your browser but doing so may reduce
the functionality of the website.
CommunicationsFor legitimate business purposes, we may periodically email you announcements or information related to your use of our services or necessary for you to complete transactions. We may also send you marketing or promotional communications.
You may opt out of receiving promotional material by unsubscribing from email communications, by emailing custserv@aiaa.org, or by calling 703.264.7500.Children’s Personally Identifiable InformationAIAA provides educational resources and sponsors STEM events for children and young people to enlighten and engage our future aerospace professionals. Personally identifiable information that is collected in conjunction with these
events or activities is the responsibility of parents, guardians, educators, and adult chaperones and consists of participation permission forms and waivers for using an individual’s likeness in photographs or videos.Middle school and high school students are eligible to apply for student membership. Any personally identifiable information collected from student members is solely intended to ensure that they may participate in the activities
of the Institute and take advantage of all member benefits to which they are entitled.If you believe that AIAA has acquired personally identifiable information from or about a child under the age of 13 that is not for
legitimate student enrichment purposes, please contact AIAA.
Changes to Our Privacy PolicyAIAA reserves the right to update or modify this privacy policy at any time. Please review the policy periodically, particularly before you provide personally identifiable information.CommentsIf you have any questions or comments about the AIAA website, including the handling or use of personal information, please contact us by emailing custserv@aiaa.org or by calling 703.264.7500.