http://www.leco.com/privacy-policy
Connect with us :
EN
EN
FR
ES (Spain)
ES (Latin America)
DE
RU
IT
CZ
PL
PT
SIDE BAR
×
HomeProductsElemental Analysis Thermal Analysis Metallography Mass Spectrometry GCxGC Consumables Technical CeramicsAbout About Us AccreditationsComplianceEmploymentResourcesApplication SupportApproved MethodsCustomer TrainingInstrument ServiceSDS - Safety Data Sheets Met Troubleshooting Guide Mobile LabsNews Events and ShowsBlog Contact
Search ...
Home
Products
Elemental Analysis
Thermal Analysis
Metallography
Mass Spectrometry
GCxGC
Consumables
Technical Ceramics
About
About Us
Accreditations
Compliance
Employment
Resources
Application Support
Approved Methods
Customer Training
Instrument Service
SDS - Safety Data Sheets
Met Troubleshooting Guide
Mobile Labs
News
Events and Shows
Blog
Contact
Privacy Statement
Last modified: May 25, 2018
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
LECO Corporation respects your privacy. We are particularly sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet and therefore we provide this Privacy Statement so you know about our online information practices and understand how we treat the personal data we receive about you from the Internet. Please read this Statement carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. This Statement may change from time to time (see "Changes to Our Privacy Statement"). When there are material changes to this Privacy Statement and our data processing activities, we will notify you via e-mail and/or through a notification statement on our homepage.
This Privacy Statement explains how LECO Corporation and all its affiliates handle personal data received from you.
This Privacy Statement applies to all types of personal data collected by LECO Corporation through this website. This personal data is collected from your browser or when you voluntarily complete a contact form.
The Information We Collect and How We Use It
1. DEFINITIONS AND PRINCIPLES
When processing personal data, LECO Corporation observes applicable data protection laws and regulations in the United States and the other jurisdictions in which we operate, including compliance with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").
Personal data, as referred to in the GDPR, are data that can be directly or indirectly traced back to a natural person. In the GDPR, the natural person is referred to as the "data subject".
In the GDPR, the handling of personal data is referred to as "processing". Processing is understood as everything you can do with personal data, such as collecting, recording, organizing, structuring, storing, updating or modifying, retrieving, consulting, using, providing by transmission, distributing, making available, aligning, combining, shielding, deleting and destroying.
When processing personal data, LECO Corporation observes the following principles:
• the data are processed lawfully, properly and transparently;• the data are processed only for the purpose for which they were collected (purpose limitation);• the data are processed as little as possible (data minimization);• the data are processed correctly (accuracy of data);• the data will not be kept longer than necessary (storage and retention limitation); and• the data are handled with integrity and confidentiality.
In line with the above principles, LECO Corporation ensures that all of its user settings, programs and services are designed from the very beginning of development to maximize your privacy protection. LECO Corporation continuously takes privacy-enhancing (security) measures wherever possible.
With regard to the provision of information and services, LECO Corporation applies the 'opt-in' rule by default: information or services are only provided if you actively indicate this.
2. HOW IS PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE?
LECO Corporation defines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data. This means that LECO Corporation is the controller within the meaning of the GDPR. We only collect and process your data when we have a legal basis to do so. Legal bases for processing include your consent (you have granted us permission to use your personal data), fulfilling a contract or obligation to you, and processing activities that are in the “legitimate interests” of LECO Corporation’s operation of its business when such processing is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights or freedoms.
Where we rely on consent for processing your personal data, you have the right to change, withdraw, or withhold your consent. The following describes our legal bases for processing your personal data, including the purposes of associated data processing activities:
Your Consent
We collect personal data with your consent when you complete an online form, initiate contact with us, or apply to a job via our website. We collect this data to facilitate your interactions with our website, including:
• providing you with requested content;• sending you periodic information in regards to new or updated product or company information, special events, programs, or other marketing purposes; • responding to your inquiries; and • reviewing and considering your application for employment.
In some instances, your aggregate, anonymous personal data will be used to measure the use of the website, or manage, secure, adapt, and improve our website and related technologies. You provide consent for us to use your depersonalized data when you first visit our website, and this data cannot be traced back to you individually.
Fulfillment of an Agreement
The processing of your personal data may be necessary to fulfill a contract or other legal agreement you have with us. In such circumstances, we process your data to meet our obligations to you, including responding to requests and communications, fulfilling orders or purchases, and making contact to resolve issues with an order or our website.
Legitimate Interest
In operation of our business, we may process your personal data for the purpose of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party (e.g., your employer or company), except where such interests are outweighed by your rights and freedoms. Our legitimate interests include:
• investigating and preventing fraud, security risks, threats to you and others, or violations of this policy;• protecting and defending our rights and property;• complying with applicable laws;• understanding and improving our website experience and customer relationships; and• enabling our business, including quality control, reporting, and customer service.
3. WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE PROCESS?
LECO Corporation processes the following personal data that you voluntarily submit to us, as well as information provided to us automatically by your browser and through our third-party partners. Such processing is always subject to a legal basis provided by the GDPR.
Personal data obtained directly from you
• contact details, which includes name, e-mail, or address;• additional information to identify products or areas of interest; and• details as described in a curriculum vitae/details of your employment history that you provide.
Personal data obtained through means of communication, such as the website, newsletters and emails
• contact details;• information about the device with which you visited our website, such as an IP address;• your surfing behavior on the website, such as:   o which data/web pages you have viewed;   o how you navigate the website;   o whether you to open a newsletter or email and which parts of it you click on; and   o the dates and times of your visit to the website;• the operating system you are using;• the Internet address of the website to which the link is made;• the geo-location;• the data sent to LECO Corporation; and• the data downloaded from the website.
Personal data obtained from other sources compliant with GDPR:
• personal data made available to us through third-party trade publications; and• personal data made available to us through third-party businesses or organizations, such as scienctific conferences and organizations.
You have a right to access a copy of the Personal Data we have on file for you and make corrections, additions or deletions to this data. You also have a right to withdraw consent at any time, either by clicking “unsubscribe” from a mailing or by e-mailing us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
4. COOKIES AND SIMILAR APPLICATIONS
LECO Corporation uses third-party Cookies to authenticate users and track user preferences and activity. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on your computer. This enables us to see how our visitors use the website, and provide a more personalized experience for the user by customizing its website according to user preferences. On a subsequent visit to LECO Corporation's website, these small pieces will be recognized. You have the right to accept or reject the use of Cookies and can do so using the “Consent” banner that appears when you first visit this website or by disabling Cookie tracking in your browser. You may withdraw consent for these Cookies at any date by contacting us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Please note that by disabling cookies, you may be disabling some functionality of the website. In addition, some cookies, considered “Essential Cookies” are necessary for website operation and do not require consent.
For more detailed information about the types of cookies used in this site, click here.
5. HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA SHARED?
We share your personal data with your consent or when necessary to provide a service or complete a transaction you requested.
Additionally, we also share your data with service vendors we have engaged to help provide requested services or transactions, such as payment processing, content publishing and mailing vendors, subscription and communication management vendors, and website hosting and management.
LECO Corporation will not give or sell the data to any third party for its use in marketing or solicitation. We do share anonymous, aggregate data on your use of our website with Google Analytics to measure and understand how visitors interact with our website. This analysis helps us improve our website and the user experience. We depersonalize your data before sharing for this purpose, and the anonymized data cannot be traced back to you individually by us or Google Analytics. You can learn more about how Google Analytics uses your aggregate, anonymous data to help us understand our website traffic by clicking here.
When required by law, regulation, or legal process we will share your personal data with government authorities, enforcement officials, or third parties as necessary to meet our legal obligations. We may also disclose personal information if we believe disclosure is necessary to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft, or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property, or safety of others.
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or its assets. In such event, your personal information will continue to be protected by this Statement.
Notice to Data Subjects in the European Union
This Statement applies to LECO Corporation’s U.S.-based website and operations, but we understand that due to the international nature of the Internet and our business that some users from within the European Union may provide us with personal data through this website.
LECO Corporation complies with GDPR, and this section of the Statement provides specific guidance to EU data subjects regarding cross-border data transfers and EU data subject rights.
1. TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
LECO Corporation is a global office with headquarters in the United States of America, where data is primarily processed. As such, it may be necessary to transfer your personal data to parties established outside the European Economic Area (EEA). In accordance with Articles 44-49 GDPR, LECO Corporation will only transfer your personal data if an appropriate level of protection for your personal data is guaranteed. In addition, LECO Corporation may transfer your personal data if one of the legal exceptions can be invoked (see Article 49 GDPR), such as when the transfer is necessary for the execution of an agreement you have with LECO Corporation.
It is important to note that the data protection laws in the United States or countries outside the EEA may be different, and potentially not as protective, as the laws in your country. If you have any questions about the transfer of your personal data, please contact LECO Corporation.
2. RIGHTS OF EU DATA SUBJECTS
If you are an EU data subject and we process your personal data, you have a number of rights, which are set out below. You may exercise these rights by submitting your request in writing to LECO Corporation or by sending an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. LECO Corporation is required to verify your identity before your request can be met.
Unless explicitly stated otherwise below, LECO Corporation will respond to your request as soon as possible, but at the latest within one month. In principle, your requests will be processed electronically (and will therefore be replied to by email), unless this is not possible or you request otherwise.
In principle, LECO Corporation will not charge you for the processing of the aforementioned requests, unless your requests are excessive, manifestly unfounded or if you request additional copies when exercising your right of access.
Viewing and/or modifying data
You can ask us at any time to indicate which (categories of) personal data on you LECO Corporation processes, for which purposes, from which source the data come and which retention periods are applied. In addition, you can contact us at any time to complete, correct or delete your personal data. In the unlikely event that LECO Corporation has provided incorrect personal data about you, LECO Corporation will rectify this. If LECO Corporation has changed your personal data, LECO Corporation will notify you accordingly.
Limit the processing of your data
If you do not agree with the content of the personal data on you stored by LECO Corporation, you can submit a request to temporarily restrict the processing of your data.
Right to transfer data
You can retrieve the personal data on you stored by LECO Corporation in a structured, common and machine-readable form. After receiving your personal data, you are free to transfer this information to a third party.
Right to be forgotten
If you no longer wish to make use of LECO Corporation's services, you may submit a request for the deletion of all your personal data. You may also withdraw your permission to process your personal data at any time. Upon receipt of your letter or email, LECO Corporation will immediately cease processing of your personal data for which you have withdrawn your permission. However, the withdrawal of your permission does not affect the processing operations that have already taken place.
If you do not agree with LECO Corporation's use of your personal data under GDPR, you can also submit a complaint to the Dutch Data Protection Authority. You will find the contact details of the Dutch Data Protection Authority by clicking here:
https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/nl/contact-met-de-autoriteit-persoonsgegevens/tip-ons
Other Important Information
1. PROTECTION
LECO Corporation takes ongoing and structural measures to optimally protect your personal data against unlawful use. LECO Corporation takes physical, administrative, organizational and technical measures. Measures taken by LECO Corporation include:
• access to the personal data is restricted to authorized persons, whereby this number is kept as low as possible;• all employees of LECO Corporation (regardless of the form of their employment) have signed a confidentiality agreement whereby they undertake to observe complete confidentiality with regard to all information of a confidential nature or of which they must understand its confidential nature, including personal data;• the electronic transmission of personal data always takes place in encrypted form and via a secure connection; and• the website is secured via https.
If personal data is provided to third parties, LECO Corporation concludes processor agreements and/or agreements with co-controllers.
2. RETENTION PERIODS
LECO Corporation retains your personal data for as long as you engage with our website or as otherwise necessary to meet our obligations to you or any legal or statutory obligations we have for preserving your personal data. We periodically review stored personal data and delete information that is no longer necessary. If you have not engaged with the website more than once in the preceding twelve (12) months, we will send you an “opt-in” e-mail requesting that you confirm your subscription. You will receive up to two reminders before being permanently removed from the database.
In some cases, we retain data that has been depersonalized and aggregated. This information is retained in an anonymous form and cannot be linked or otherwise traced back to you. We keep this data for fourteen (14) months. Where permitted by law and this Statement, we will also delete personal data upon request.
3. DATA BREACH
If you suspect that there has been a breach of the security of your personal data that may expose your personal data to loss or unlawful processing, a data leak may exist. Please contact us directly on the following telephone number: 1-269-983-5531 or by email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
4. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY STATEMENT
We reserve the right to modify our privacy Statement as business needs require. We will post such changes on our website. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal data, we will notify you of the changes via e-mail and/or through a notification on the homepage of our website. The date this Privacy Statement was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
None of the provisions of this privacy Statement are intended to create any obligation or agreement between LECO Corporation and you as a data subject.
5. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
This site may contain links to other sites. This Statement applies only to our websites and not to any third-party websites. We do not endorse or otherwise accept responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those sites.
6. CONTACTING LECO CORPORATION
If you have any questions, remarks or complaints about this Privacy Statement and the protection of your personal data by LECO Corporation, you may contact us at the following address:
LECO CORPORATIONAttn: Privacy Team3000 Lakeview AvenueSt. Joseph, MI 49085United States of America
E-mail: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Phone: 1-269-983-5531
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsMaterial Return PolicyOptical TermsTrademarks
Subscribe to our newsletter