http://www.unitar.org/cookies-policy
UNITAR
Skip to main content
Look in the whole website
Look only for courses
Search
Look in the whole website
Look only for courses
Pillar
Peace
People
Planet
Prosperity
Multilateral Diplomacy
Accelerating SDG Implementation
Satellite Analysis and Applied Research
The Defeat NCD Partnership
Mode of delivery
Blended
E-learning
Face-to-Face
Other
Registration
By application & selection
Private – by invitation
Public – by registration
Search
Unitar Around the World
CIFAL Centres
UNITAR
User
login
Log in to your account
Home
Cookies Policy
Cookies Policy
UNITAR's official website and its domains use cookies (small information files that the server sends to the computer of the person that access the site) for the proper operation and view of the page, as well as for statistic collection purposes. Namely, the following cookies are used:
Types of Cookies
Depending on the owner
Internal: Are those that are sent to the user's terminal equipment from a computer or domain managed by the publisher itself, in this case UNITAR, and from which the service requested by the user is provided.
External: Are those that are sent to the terminal equipment of the user from a computer or domain that is not managed by the editor, but by another entity that processes the data obtained through cookies.
Depending on the duration
Temporary: A type of cookie designed to collect and store data while the user accesses a website. The information stored on the server will remain in the server's memory until the end of the session.
Permanent: It is a type of cookie in which the data is still stored in the terminal and can be accessed and processed during a period defined by the person responsible for the cookie, which can range from a few minutes to several years.
Depending on the purpose
Analytic: Used to monitor and statistically analyze the behavior of all users. If these cookies are deactivated, the website may continue to function, without prejudice to the fact that the information captured by these cookies on the use of our website and its content allows us to improve our services.
Technical: Necessary or convenient for the provision of certain services. If these cookies are deactivated, you will not be able to correctly receive the contents of the website.
Social: Used so that visitors can interact with the content of different social platforms of which they are users (Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn, Flickr, etc.). The conditions of use of these cookies and the information collected is regulated by the privacy policy of the corresponding social platform.
Cookies used in the website
Google Analytics
Cookies:
ga
_gat
_gid
Other possible cookies to be charged by Google's visit monitoring service [1]
Type: Analytic
Temporality: Permanent / Temporary
Owenership: External Terms of the service: [2]
Purpose:  To generate a unique user identifier, which is used to count the number of visits the user makes to the website, as well as the date and the first and last time that the user visited the site. To register the date and time of access to any of the pages of the Website. To check the need to keep the user's session logged-in or to create a new one. Identify user's session in order to monitor the approximate geographical location of the computer accessing the Site for statistical purposes.
Google's Cookies
Cookies:
CONSENT
IDE
1P_JAR
OGPC
Other possible cookies to be charged by Google's visit monitoring service
Type: Technical
Temporality: Permanent / Temporary
Owenership: External
Purpose:  Cookies charged by Google's services, such as reCaptcha and browsing services and content sharing in Google+, among others.
Cookies notification
Cookies:
SESSXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Type: Technical
Temporality: Temporary
Owenership: Internal
Purpose:  Monitor the appearance and acceptance for the cookies notification.
Addtoany
Cookies:
__ga
_gat
_gid
_twitter_sess
Ct0
eu_cn
guest_id
personalization_id
Type: Social
Temporality: Temporary
Owenership: External
Purpose: Monitors the activity of the AddThis module to share content on social networks.
Youtube
Cookies:
CONSENT
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
PREF
YSC
Type: Social
Temporality: Temporary
Owenership: External. Terms of the service: [3]
Purpose: Cookie used by the widget for the display of videos.
Twitter
Cookies:
__cfduid
uvc
Type: Social
Temporality: Temporary
Owenership: External [4]
Purpose: Cookie used by the widget for the display of tweets.
Facebook
Cookies:
fr
Type: Social
Temporality: Temporary
Owenership: External [5]
Purpose: Cookies used by the Facebook timeline display widget.
[1] – Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites
[2] – Google Analytics Privacy Policy
[3] – Google's cookies terms
[4] – Privacy Conditions for Twitter
[5] - Data Policy - Facebook
How to Change the Cookies Settings
You can limit, block or delete the cookies from UNITAR or any other website using your browser: The steps to be taken vary depending on the browser used. The "Help" option will show you how to do it.
Internet Explorer
FireFox
Chrome
Safari
Cookies Policy Consent
UNITAR includes information regarding its Cookies policy at the bottom of all the pages within its website every time you log in so you are aware of this. With respect to this information, the following actions may be taken:
Accept cookies. This notice will not appear any more when accessing any page of the website during this session.
Change settings. . You can find more information on what cookies are, read UNITAR's cookies policy and change your browser settings to limit or block UNITAR's cookies at any time. If cookies are limited or blocked, website features of may be affected.
Continue browsing or move using the scroll bar: in this case, we would understand that you accept the usage.
Informed consent: The use of this website implies that you give your express and unequivocal consent to the use of cookies, under the terms and conditions set out in this cookie policy (without prejudice to the measures to deactivate and eliminate cookies that may be adopted, and which are mentioned in the previous section).
Share with