http://www.psiwebware.com/privacy-policy.php
Privacy Policy
We are committed to responsibly handling your private information at all times.
PSIwebware complies with all applicable federal and state privacy laws and we maintain our own internal standards to ensure your organization's confidential information remains private.
PSIwebware will only review the information needed to provide Software Support Services.
PSIwebware only retains your organization's service records and does not retain any confidential information from your computer or SmartPhone systems after services are performed.
PSIwebware offers remote system access to assist in diagnosing and resolving system issues.
When using this service, you are giving permission for a PSIwebware Agent to log into your systems which may contain confidential information. The PSIwebware Agent will only access your systems to provide the services your organization requested and they will attempt to limit their interaction with your files. It is your organization's responsibility to ensure all of your files, especially those containing personal information, are secure to prevent any type of data loss or corruption. Any personal information, such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, and service information are kept by PSIwebware in a secure Customer Relationship Management (CRM) database and are only used while providing service to you or your organization. PSIwebware does NOT sell, rent, or share any of your personal information with other companies or individuals for marketing or other purposes.
PSIwebware is committed to providing high Quality Services.
PSIwebware may follow up with you to ensure that quality services were provided by our technicians and that you are satisfied with the outcome of your service.
PSIwebware will cooperate with federal, state, and local law enforcement in response to a valid court order, subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise required by law.
We may share the small amount of personal information retained when we believe it is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of others and ourselves. We may also transfer personal information in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, dissolution or similar event, retaining the prevailing Privacy Policy at the time of the event.
The Last Revision Date for our Privacy Policy was 12-26-2013.
PSIwebware reserves the right to make changes to the PSIwebware, Inc. Privacy Policy at any time.