http://www.lime.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Welcome to Discoverflow
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Cable & Wireless respects the privacy of you, its customer and takes its responsibilities regarding the security of your customer information very seriously. Cable & Wireless is committed to providing you with a professional, valuable and personalised service whilst safeguarding your privacy.This Privacy Policy has been created to explain to you the way in which Cable & Wireless use your personal data. This information will assist you to determine whether or not to provide Cable & Wireless with your personal data.This Privacy Policy applies to all Cable & Wireless businesses; however, certain Cable & Wireless Group Companies outside of Europe, the United States and Japan may adopt separate Privacy Policies applicable only to personal data collected from persons not located in Europe, the United States or Japan. This Privacy Policy applies without exception to all Cable & Wireless Group Companies with respect to personal data collected from persons located in the Caribbean, Europe, the United States or Japan. Cable & Wireless may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of all material changes through the Cable & Wireless website at least 30 days prior to any change being implemented.This Privacy Policy explains the following regarding Cable & Wireless's treatment of personal data:a. Definitions of personal datab. The practices and procedures Cable & Wireless follow to collect your personal datac. Direct marketingd. Use of "cookies"e. Security of your personal dataf. Transfer of your personal datag. Your rights to your personal data held by Cable & Wirelessh. Cable & Wireless enforcement of this Privacy Policyi. What happens if you have a complaint about Cable & Wireless's use of your personal data?j. Any questions?Definitions of personal data?Personal data is any information that allows you to be identified. The types of personal data Cable & Wireless will collect may include details of your name, address, telephone number, email address, fax number and date of birth.Sensitive personal data is any sensitive data relating to you, including information about your racial or ethnic origin, political opinion, religious beliefs or other beliefs of a similar nature, membership of a trade union, physical or mental health or conditions, sexual life, commission or alleged commission of any offence or any proceedings for any offence committed or alleged to have been committed by you, the disposal of such proceedings or the sentence of any court in such proceedings. The practices and procedures Cable & Wireless follow to collect your personal dataCable & Wireless collect personal data from you through the use of enquiry and registration forms, direct personal contact with you (for example, over the telephone) and every time you email us your details. Cable & Wireless will only use your personal data where it is necessary to do so because it is relevant to Cable & Wireless's dealings with you or where it is has your consent. Cable & Wireless will not process sensitive personal data about you without your express consent.Cable & Wireless will use your personal data where it is necessary to do so because it is relevant to Cable & Wireless's dealings with you (i.e. it is relevant to the provision of the goods and/or services that you have requested from Cable & Wireless) including for billing, customer service and network management.Direct MarketingWith your consent, Cable & Wireless will use your personal data for direct marketing, including the provision of offers for Cable & Wireless and its third party partners' products and services and customer surveys.Cable & Wireless will only use your personal data in a way that is fair and lawful and to the extent to which it is necessary for Cable & Wireless to use your personal data in its dealings with you and the purposes which are disclosed to you in this Privacy Policy or which are relevant to the reason for your giving your personal data to us. Cable & Wireless will not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.Cable & Wireless may disclose your personal data to carefully selected business partners and third party suppliers to whom we engage to provide services. However, other than as set out in this Privacy Policy, Cable & Wireless will not disclose or share your personal data with any other third party without your express consent unless this is necessary to provide the services or products which you requested when providing us with your personal data or as required by law.If you have consented at the point of collection to Cable & Wireless (and/or any third party) providing you with direct marketing material you will be requested to elect the type of media via which this material shall be provided (for example, by post, e-mail, telephone or fax). Cable & Wireless will only provide you with such material via your chosen media. If, at any stage, you object to Cable & Wireless's use of your personal data for direct marketing or to the media in which such material is being sent, you may choose to unsubscribe to its receipt. If you have consented to receive third party direct marketing you will need to unsubscribe directly with that third party. Use of "cookies"Cable & Wireless may use "cookies" on its website(s). A "cookie" is information that a website puts on your hard drive so that it can remember pieces of information about you when you next visit the website or a related website. Cable & Wireless use cookies to record personal data about you when you use its website in order to facilitate your future activities. Unless otherwise notified by Cable & Wireless, Cable & Wireless will not use personal data sent in a cookie for marketing purposes and will not share this personal data with third parties. If you prefer not to receive cookies from Cable & Wireless's website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser but this may impair your experience of Cable & Wireless's website.Security of your personal dataCable & Wireless has in place appropriate technical and organisational security measures to prevent unauthorized or unlawful disclosure or access to, or accidental or unlawful loss of or destruction, or alteration or unauthorised disclosure of or access to, or other damage to your personal data. These measures ensure an appropriate level of security in relation to the risks inherent in the processing and the nature of the personal data to be protected. Your securely held personal data will only be accessible by select authorised members of staff within Cable & Wireless.Transfer of your personal dataAs Cable & Wireless is part of an international group of companies operating globally we may store your personal data in your home country and/or we may transfer your personal data to other Cable & Wireless companies and carefully selected business partners and third party suppliers in other countries around the world where it is necessary to do so because it is relevant to Cable & Wireless's dealings with you and services provided to you. The laws of these other countries may not be the same as the laws regulating the use and transfer of personal data in your home country. Every Cable & Wireless employee around the world is obliged to comply with Cable & Wireless' comprehensive data protection compliance policies, including this Privacy Policy, and therefore Cable & Wireless is confident that it is able to protect the security and confidentiality of your personal data and provide you with an adequate level of protection in each of the Cable & Wireless offices in each of the countries to which your personal data is transferred.Your rights to your personal data held by Cable & WirelessCable & Wireless will only keep your information for as long as we are either required to by law, or as is relevant for the purposes for which it was collected. During this period, you may contact the Cable & Wireless Data Protection Officer in your country at any time if you would like to see details of the personal data that we hold about you, details (available to Cable & Wireless) as to the source of that personal data, the purposes for which your personal data are being used, details of the parties with whom we may share your personal data or to ask us to correct, update, supplement or delete this personal data.Cable & Wireless enforcement of this Privacy PolicyData Protection Officers have been appointed for each country where Cable & Wireless has an office. The Cable & Wireless office in your home country will be able to put you in contact with this person. If you have a question or enquiry about this Privacy Policy or a complaint about the way Cable & Wireless has used your personal data you should first contact your local Data Protection Officer who will be able to assist you.The Cable & Wireless Legal and Compliance Director has the responsibility to ensure that each Cable & Wireless office complies with this Privacy Policy around the world. It is also the responsibility of the Legal and Compliance Director to deal with and respond to all enquiries from any national Data Protection authority or governmental authority. If you have any questions on this policy, you may also contact:Head of Legal, Regulatory and Corporate AffairsCWI Caribbean LimitedWindsor Lodge, Government HillSt. Michael, BarbadosTel: 246-292-1445Fax: 246-426-5760Email: legal.notices@flow.comWhat happens if you have a complaint about Cable & Wireless's use of your personal data?If you make a complaint to your local Data Protection Officer and your complaint is unable to be resolved to your complete satisfaction, your complaint will be passed to the Legal and Compliance Director to be resolved. If your complaint is still unable to be amicably resolved, it will be escalated. Any finding of misuse of your personal data by Cable & Wireless shall be remedied as soon as reasonably possible.Any questions?Please contact the Data Protection Officer in your home country or the Head of Legal, Regulatory and Corporate Affairs (whose details are set out above). Copyright © 2014. Cable & Wireless Communications Plc.All rights reserved. Registered in England and Wales. Company Number 7130199. Registered office: 3rd Floor, 26 Red Lion Square, London WC1R 4HQ.