https://www.galchimia.com/terms-and-conditions-for-the-sale/
+34 981 814 506 | +34 636 988 164
hello@galchimia.com
Why GalChimia
GalChimia at a glance
Team
Facilities
Client testimonials
Our philosophy
Join us
R&D
Project portfolio
Scientific explotation and dissemination
Services
Discovery Chemistry
Process Chemistry
Analytical Chemistry
Five reasons to choose GalChimia
FAQs
Chemical Catalog
News
Contact
My account
0
Shopping Cart
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Total:
0,00€
Terms and conditions for the sale
With GalChimia, things are not the same as without us
This Agreement set out the conditions applicable to the selling made through the website www.gachimia.com  (hereinafter, “WEBSITE”) of GALCHIMIA S.A. (hereinafter, “GALCHIMIA”) These conditions will be in force until being updated with a new version published in the WEBSITE. Unless specified otherwise in writing, placing an order through the WEBSITE will imply the acceptance by the BUYER of the terms and conditions set forth herein.
This Agreement will rule the purchasing process of the PRODUCT that GALCHIMIA offers at all times through its WEBSITE for online sales. To this end, the PRODUCT is considered as any goods  that are commercialized by GALCHIMIA and are supplied to the BUYER after the formalization of the purchase.
The conditions of this Agreement have been prepared pursuant with the provisions of the Law 4/2002, of 11th of July, Service of the Information Society Electronic Commerce; the Law 7/1998 of 13th of April, General Agreementing Terms; and the Law 7/1996 of 15th January, Retail Trade Management.
The terms and condition applicable to the purchase of the PRODUCT offered by GALCHIMIA through the WEBSITE will be described in this document and throughout all the process of online sale.
Using the WEBSITE, the BUYER declares to know and accept the procedures and conditions necessary to access the PRODUCT offered in the WEBSIDE, as well as to formalize the purchase thereof.
Identification of the parties
The SELLER is GALCHIMIA S.A. , registered office at  Cebreiro, s/n, 15823 O Pino -A Coruña (Spain), tax numberA-15784614/  Customer Service Phone Number: (+34) 981 814 506
The BUYER is identified as any natural or legal person whether private or public, acting directly or through another person on their behalf or following their instructions, with a purpose related to their commercial, business or professional activity, and that purchase the PRODUCT to this WEBSIDE.
The BUYER will have legal capacity to Agreement in its own name or on behalf of a Company, and accept all the obligations set forth herein.
Individual or end consumers will not be deemed as a buyer, and not being able to use the platform for the purchase of the PRODUCT.
To make purchases from the WEBSIDE it will be necessary for the BUYER to place the sale order by marking the PRODUCT and the quantity, considering that with that act the price and the conditions stipulated are accepted.
Price and validity of the offer
The prices, expressed in Euros, included the Valued Added Tax (VAT), if applicable. The prices unless expressly stated otherwise, do not include shipping, handling, wrapping, shipping insurance or any other additional services of the PRODUCT purchased.
The BUYER accepts that the price and availability of some PRODUCT may vary.  Likewise, prices and delivery times may vary daily as long as the order has not been carried out by accepting and paying for it.
The shopping basket will show the budget of the purchase according to the PRODUCT that has been added by the BUYER. Before making the purchase you can check on line all the details of the budget in the basket of the WEBSITE: articles, quantities, price, availability, transport cost, charges, discounts, and taxes.
In the course of the purchase process, if GALCHIMIA cannot comply with any specification included in the budget and/or that suppose a variation of the purchase conditions, the BUYER will received a notification in the email address provided by him, and within a maximum term of 2 working days, the BUYER will be able to desist from the order if expressly states it.
Any payment made to GACLHIMIA entails the issuance of an invoice to the BUYER according to the data expressed at the time of placing the order. This invoice will be sent, together with the PRODUCT purchased, in PDF format to the email address provided by him.
For any information concerning the order, the BUYER may contact either by customer contact phone number or through the mail address of GALCHIMIA
Purchasing process
a) Identification of the User
When the BUYER open an user account it states that freely and voluntarily provides the personal data that are required, which will be treated in accordance with the provisions of the Legal Notice and Privacy Policy  published on the website www.galchimia.com and set forth herein.
After registering on the WEBSITE through your username and password, the User will be fully responsible for the use and custody of the same as well as the veracity of the personal data provided to GALCHIMIA. The user undertakes to make diligent use of and not to provide their username and password to third parties. Likewise, the User undertakes to notify to GALCHIMIA the loss, deletion, or unauthorized usage, so GALCHIMIA may proceed to immediate blocking of such data.
b) Purchase of the PRODUCT
Prior to the purchase of the PRODUCT, it can been viewed in the shopping basket of the WEBSITE. It provides information about the quantity, the prices and the total amount. Once the shopping basket is accepted, the calculation of the taxes, charges and discounts will be made, according to the payment and shipping date entered by the BUYER.
The shopping basket will have only informative effects, displaying a simulation of the budget. The purchase will be binding for the parties after its acceptance by the BUYER and the fulfillment of the total process.
Once the management department of GALCHIMIA receives the sales order, and just when GALCHIMIA confirms its acceptance by email, the sale order will be considered completed.  At that time you will be inform about the status of the order and the estimated timing delivery, which will normally take place within a maximum term of 2 working days.
Transportation expenses
The budget shown in the shopping basket contains information related to the transportation expenses and it will be added to the invoice. The cost of insurance and taxes at the final destination will be assumed by the BUYER.
Transportation expenses will be calculated at the time of saving the shopping basket or budget, since for the calculation it must be taken into account the weight of the PRODUCT and the delivery address given by the BUYER.
In the event that the BUYER wishes to specify a transport company, the BUYER must indicate it in the appropriate box, both the selected company and its associate account number.
Forms of payment, charges and discount
GALCHIMIA informs the BUYER:
The order will be process after receiving the payment on the bank account of GALCHIMIA.
The payment will be made (i) by bank transfer indicating BUYER order ID as a payment reference; or, (ii) by credit card, without charges or discounts for its usage.
Shipping orders
Shipments of PRODUCT will normally be through Halcourier, for deliveries in Spain, and through Fedex, for international deliveries, unless the BUYER has appointed another courier company.
The dates or the terms of delivery are estimated. The delay will not be deemed as an essential breach of the Agreement.
In general, the delivery time will be between 5 and 20 working days, after confirmation of the availability of the PRODUCT and the full payment of the order. That period depends on the estimated time for the elaboration of the PRODUCT and the destination of the shipment. Nevertheless, due to circumstances beyond GALCHIMIA, the period may be modified and, in this case, GALCHIMIA will communicate promptly those circumstances to the BUYER to the email account provided by the BUYER.
GALCHIMIA will not be held responsible in the event that the delivery of the PRODUCT does not take place because the data provided by the BUYER are false, inaccurate or incomplete.
The delivery will be considered completed after the PRODUCT becomes available to the BUYER by the carrier and the recipient signs the receipt of delivery.
It is up to the BUYER to verify the PRODUCT upon receipt and expose all the reservations and claims that may be justified within the legal term.
Guarantees
When the BUYER detects manufacturing defect in the PRODUCT it should be immediately in writing within a maximum period of 4 days from the date of the reception of the shipment. Once this period expires, GALCHIMIA will be exempt from any responsibility.
Unless proven otherwise, the PRODUCT will be deemed in accordance with the provision of the Agreement provided that the following requirement is met:
Comply with the description given by GALCHIMIA in the certificate of the analysis attached to the PRODUCT.
Fit for the purposes for which PRODUCT of the same type are normally used.
If the PRODUCT had any manufacturing defect in the quantity or quality regarding the agreed technical specifications, and that circumstances  would have been communicated within the aforementioned period, the BUYER may demand the replacement of the PRODUCT, according to the following rules:
The replacement will not have charge for the BUYER.
It will be carried out within a reasonable time and without inconveniences for the BUYER, taking into account the nature and the purpose of the PRODUCT.
In the event the PRODUCT cannot be replaced, the BUYER may choose for the termination of the Agreement in accordance with the provisions of commercial legislation.
Complains
The complains must be addressed to GALCHIMIA S.A., Cebreiro s/n, 15823- O Pino- A Coruña (Spain) Tel.- (+34) 981814506_ Mail: office@galchimia.com, and it will be dealt with to as quickly as possible.
Compliance with regulation
GALCHIMIA ensure that the PRODUCT comply with the applicable regulations in Spain.
GALCHIMIA will not be responsible for compliance with the technical requirements or prescriptions applicable in the countries in which the PRODUCT is used outside of Spain. The BUYER will comply with the applicable regulations including obtaining the import authorization and others that may be necessary for the purchase of the PRODUCT.
Use of the PRODUCT and Disclaimer
The PRODUCT is sold for exclusive use in laboratory. The PRODUCT must be handled only by qualified personnel who are aware of any potential hazard. No information is available of the potential hazards of some compounds. The absence of warning in no way should be deemed as a safety indication.
The BUYER will be held responsible to warn their employees, agents and final users, of any potential hazard related to the handling of the PRODUCT. The BUYER accepts to instruct to their employees, agents and final users in the safe usage of the PRODUCT
The BUYER will be held responsible of the results for the use of the PRODUCT in combination with other substances and in a manufacturing process.
Privacy Policy and Data Protection
Can be consulted on the WEBSITE www.galchimia.com
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
With the acceptance of the purchase on the WEBSITE, the BUYER declares to have read, fully understood and accepted the present terms and conditions.
These terms and conditions shall be governed in accordance with the Spanish Law.
The BUYER and GALCHIMIA agree to submit any dispute that may arise to the Courts and Tribunals of Santiago de Compostela (Spain).
We use (our own and third-party) cookies for personalization and advertising purposes to create profiles based on your web browsing history, for example, to show you personalized content. You can accept all cookies by clicking "Accept", or configure them in Settings.
Accept
Reject
Settings
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Third party cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Check our privacy policy here.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Third party cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Changes