http://www.renewnyc.com/privacy.asp
Skip to main content
Home  |  Contact Us
General Project Plan
World Trade Center Towers
Memorial & Museum
Residential Growth
Transportation
Waterfront Access
Development of World Trade Center Site 5 - RFP
June 19, 2019 Public Hearing
LMDC September 17, 2015 Public Forum (Archive)
Press Releases
Events Listing
Speeches
Image Gallery
Archives
Opportunities for Business
Peck Slip Project
Battery Playscape
West Thames Street Pedestrian Bridge
The Flea Theater
World Trade Center Ship
The Community and Cultural Enhancement Program
Fulton Street
Chinatown
Waterfronts
Parks
Capital Projects
Stabilizing Business
Cultural & Civic Institutions
Small Firm Assistance Program
130 Liberty Street
Staff
Board
Board Meetings
HUD Funding
The National September 11th Memorial.
About Us > Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
Introduction
Thank you for visiting the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation (“LMDC”)
web site. This web site is intended to make it easy and efficient for you to (1)
obtain information, (2) provide public input, and (3) participate in LMDC’s
activities and programs. This policy describes how LMDC collects, uses, and discloses
information collected from visitors to this web site and the steps LMDC takes
to protect that information.
This policy describes LMDC’s privacy practices consistent with the provisions
of the New York Internet Security and Privacy Act, the New York Freedom of Information
Law, and the New York Personal Privacy Protection Law (among other state and federal
laws). This privacy policy applies only to information collected from this web
site.
For purposes of this policy, "personal information" means any information
concerning a natural person which, because of name, number, symbol, mark, or other
identifier, can be used to identify that natural person. LMDC Corporation does
not collect any personal information about you unless you provide that information
voluntarily by sending an e-mail, by initiating an online transaction, such as
a survey, registration, application or other participation form.
Information Collected Automatically When You Visit
this Web Site
When you visit this web site, the LMDC’s computers automatically collect
and store certain anonymous information about your visit (“User Statistics”).
User statistics cannot be used to identify individual users and therefore are
not personal information. User Statistics are used to improve this web site’s
content, to help the LMDC understand how visitors are interacting with the web
site, to determine what information is of most and least interest to our visitors
and to improve the utility of the material available on the web site.
User statistics may include information such as:
(i) Your Internet Protocol address and domain name, but not your e-mail address.
The Internet Protocol Address is a numerical identifier assigned either to your
Internet service provider or directly to your computer;
(ii) The type of browser and operating system you used;
(iii) The date and time you visited this site;
(iv) The web pages or services you accessed at this site;
(v) The web site you visited prior to coming to this web site;
(vi) The web site you visit as you leave this web site; and
(vii) If you downloaded a form, the form that was downloaded.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to be stored in
a visitor's computer so that it can be recalled from the browser. At times, one
or more of our software applications may use cookies to allow us to know if you
have previously visited one of our pages. This allows us to improve our interaction
with you and enhance satisfaction with your current and future visits to our web
site.
We use “session cookies” to enhance or customize your visit to this
website. Session cookies can be created automatically on the device you use to
access this web site. These session cookies do not contain personal information
and do not compromise your privacy or security. Session cookies are erased during
operation of your browser or when your browser is closed.
You may personalize this website and permit a "persistent cookie" to
be stored on your computer’s hard drive. This persistent cookie will allow
the website to recognize you when you visit again and tailor the information presented
to you based on your needs and interests. The LMDC uses persistent cookies only
with your permission.
Commonly used software and hardware allows users to refuse new cookies and/or
delete existing cookies. Refusing or deleting cookies may limit your ability to
take advantage of some features of this web site.
Information Collected When You E-mail
this Web Site or Conduct a Transaction
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to
be stored in a visitor's computer so that it can be recalled from
the browser. At times, one or more of our software applications
may use cookies to allow us to know if you have previously visited
one of our pages. This allows us to improve our interaction with
you and enhance satisfaction with your current and future visits
to our web site.
We use “session cookies” to enhance or customize your
visit to this website. Session cookies can be created automatically
on the device you use to access this web site. These session cookies
do not contain personal information and do not compromise your privacy
or security. Session cookies are erased during operation of your
browser or when your browser is closed.
You may personalize this website and permit a "persistent cookie"
to be stored on your computer’s hard drive. This persistent
cookie will allow the website to recognize you when you visit again
and tailor the information presented to you based on your needs
and interests. The LMDC uses persistent cookies only with your permission.
Commonly used software and hardware allows users to refuse new cookies
and/or delete existing cookies. Refusing or deleting cookies may
limit your ability to take advantage of some features of this web
site.
Children’s Privacy
This web site is directed towards, and designed for use by, persons
aged 13 or older. LMDC does not knowingly collect personal information
from children or create profiles of children through this web site.
Visitors are cautioned, however, that the collection of personal
information submitted in an e-mail will be treated as though it
was submitted by an adult, and may, unless exempted from access
by federal or State law, be subject to public access. The LMDC strongly
encourages parents and teachers to be involved in children’s
Internet activities and to provide guidance whenever children are
asked to provide personal information on-line.
Information and Choice
As noted above, LMDC does not collect any personal information about you unless
you provide that information voluntarily by sending an e-mail or initiating an
online transaction such as a survey, registration, application or other participation
form. You may choose not to send us an e-mail, respond to a survey, or complete
an application or other participation form. While your choice not to participate
in these activities may limit your ability to receive specific information, assistance,
or services through this web site, it will not prevent you from requesting information,
assistance, or services from us by other means and will not normally have an impact
on your ability to take advantage of other features of the web site, including
browsing or downloading publicly available information.
Disclosure of Information Collected Through this
Web Site
The collection of information through this web site and the disclosure of that
information are subject to the provisions of the New York Internet Security and
Privacy Act. LMDC will only collect personal information through this web site
if the visitor consents to the collection by providing such information. If you
voluntarily disclose personal information to LMDC, whether solicited or unsolicited,
you consent to the collection and disclosure of that information by LMDC for the
purposes for which you disclosed the information to LMDC, as such purposes were
reasonably ascertainable from the nature and terms of the disclosure.
Information collected from this web site is not used for commercial marketing
purposes and LMDC is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose information
collected from the web site for commercial marketing purposes.
However, LMDC may collect or disclose personal information without specific consent
if the collection or disclosure is: (1) necessary to perform the statutory duties
of LMDC, or necssary for LMDC to operate a program authorized by law or state
or federal statute or regulation; (2) to contractors that help LMDC maintain and
operate this website or otherwise perform LMDC’s official functions; (3)
made pursuant to a court order or by law (including disclosure consistent with
the Freedom of Information Law); (4) for the purpose of validating the identity
of the visitor; (5) of information to be used solely for statistical purposes
that is in a form that cannot be used to identify any particular person; (6) to
federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce LMDC’s rights against
attempted or actual unauthorized access to LMDC’s information technology
assets; or (7) for audit, risk and fraud control purposes.
The disclosure of information, including personal information, collected through
this web site is subject to the provisions of the Freedom of Information Law and
the Personal Privacy Protection Law. Information collected in connection with
grant programs will also be subject to protections of the Federal Privacy Act.
Retention of Information Collected Through this
Web Site
The information collected through this web site is retained by LMDC in accordance
with applicable law. In general, the Internet services logs, comprising electronic
files or automated logs created to monitor access and use of LMDC’s information,
assistance, and services provided through this web site, are retained for 3 years
and then destroyed. Information, including personal information, that you submit
in an e-mail or when you initiate an online transaction such as a survey, registration,
application or other participation form is retained in accordance with the records
retention and disposition schedule established for the records of the program
for which you submitted the information. Information concerning these records
retention and disposition schedules may be obtained through the Office of the
General Counsel.
Access to and Correction of Personal Information
Collected Through this Site
Any visitor may submit a request to LMDC Internet Privacy Compliance Officer to
determine whether personal information pertaining to that visitor has been collected
through this web site. Any such request shall be made in writing and must be accompanied
by reasonable proof of identity of the visitor. Reasonable proof of identity may
include verification of a signature, inclusion of an identifier generally known
only to the visitor, or similar appropriate identification. Requests should be
addressed to:
LMDC Internet Privacy Compliance Officer
Lower Manhattan Development Corporation
1 Liberty Plaza, 27th Floor
New York, NY 10006
The LMDC Internet Privacy Compliance Officer shall, within five (5) business days
of receipt of a proper request: (i) provide access to the personal information;
(ii) deny access in writing, explaining the reasons therefore; or (iii) acknowledge
receipt of the request in writing, stating the approximate date when it will be
granted or denied, which date shall not be more than thirty (30) days from the
date of acknowledgment.
In the event that LMDC has collected personal information pertaining to a visitor
and that information is to be provided to the visitor pursuant to the visitor's
request, the Internet Privacy Compliance Officer shall inform the visitor of his
or her right to request that the personal information be amended or corrected
under the procedures set forth in section 95 of the Public Officers Law.
Confidentiality and Integrity of Personal Information
Collected Through this Site
LMDC is committed to protecting personal information collected through this web
site from unauthorized access, use and disclosure. Consequently, LMDC limits access
to personal information collected through this web site to only those individuals
who need access to the information in the performance of their official duties.
Individuals who have access to this information are instructed to follow appropriate
procedures in connection with any disclosures of personal information.
In addition, LMDC has implemented procedures to safeguard the integrity of its
information technology assets, including, but not limited to, authentication,
monitoring, auditing and encryption. These security procedures have been integrated
into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of this web site as
part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well
as the electronic transmission of information.
For web site security purposes and to maintain the availability of the web site
for all visitors, LMDC employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized
attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage this web site.
Disclaimer
The information provided in this privacy policy should not be construed as giving
business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of
information provided through this web site.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
LMDC reserves the right to modify or supplement this policy at any time. If we
make a material change to the terms of this policy, we will post a notice on our
homepage and a link to the new policy.
Contact Information
For questions regarding this Internet privacy policy, please contact:
via e-mail (please note “Privacy Policy” in the subject line):
recordsofficer@renewnyc.com
via regular mail:
Lower Manhattan Development Corporation
Office of General Counsel22 Cortlandt Street, 11th Floor
New York, NY 10007
Attn: Internet Privacy Policy
The Plan for Lower Manhattan | News & Events | Projects & Programs | About Us
©2002-14 Lower Manhattan Development Corporation
|
Privacy Policy
|
Home
| Contact Us |
Search