http://www.discprofile.com/terms-of-use/
DiSC Profile - DiSCProfile.com: Our terms of use
Discprofile.com is scheduled for a new look. This site may be down for maintenance Oct. 9, 9-9:30 pm CT. Orders during this time could be affected.
(877) 344-8612
Blog |
Log In |
Contact |
Cart (0)
What is DiSC?
Back
DiSC Overview
FAQ about DiSC
How DiSC Personality Tests Work
History of DiSC
Benefits of DiSC
Testimonials for Everything DiSC
William Marston
Research, Reliability and Validity Studies
More On Our Blog
News and articles about all things related to DiSC. Find training hints, product updates, opinions on HR issues, etc.
visit the blog
Which DiSC to Use?
Back
Why Use Everything DiSC?
Which Everything DiSC® profile should I use?
Everything DiSC Workplace or Five Behaviors?
Comparing DiSC Classic and Everything DiSC
Do I need an administrative account?
Everything DiSC® languages
Leadership and DiSC
Assessments for teams
Can I use DiSC® during the hiring process?
Buy Products
Back
Products
Tests & Profiles Facilitation Kits Group Reports Starter Packages EPIC Credits Books Training Tools Certification & Training
DiSC Assessments
Everything DiSC Workplace Profile Everything DiSC Agile EQ Everything DiSC Productive Conflict Everything DiSC Work of Leaders Profile Everything DiSC Sales Profile Everything DiSC Management Profile DiSC Classic Profile
Resources & Tools
Back
Brochures
Downloads
DiSC Certification
DiSC Sample Reports
DiSC Support Basics
DiSC Training & Tips
Everything DiSC 363 for Leaders
EPIC Quick Start Guide
Five Behaviors Training & Tips
Five Behaviors Basics
Five Behaviors Sample Reports
MyEverythingDiSC
Blog
Contact Us
Need help?
Call Now
or
Email Us
M-F 9am-5pm CST
Home / Terms of Service
Terms of Service
These terms of service (“Terms of Service”) govern your use of Personality Profile Solutions, LLC (PPS) websites, services and applications (the “Services”). By using or accessing the Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service, as updated from time to time in accordance with Section 12 below. There may be instances when we offer additional terms specific to a product, application or service. To the extent such additional terms conflict with these Terms of Service, the additional terms associated with the product, application or service, with respect to your use of the product, application or service, will prevail. References to “us,” “we,” and “our” mean Personality Profile Solutions, LLC.
1. USING THE SERVICES
Some Services may allow you to:
Add your own original content or post your content in blog or user comment areas (“Your Content”). Remember that all information that is disclosed in blog, comment or other public areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to share any of your personal information as part of Your Content
Use the Services as modified with Your Content
Arrange for third parties to have access to Your Content subject to these Terms of Service
By submitting Your Content to the Services, you hereby grant PPS a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, distribute, reproduce, prepare derivative works of, perform and display Your Content in connection with the Services and PPS’ business, including without limitation for promoting the Services, in all media now known or hereafter devised through any media channels. You acknowledge that use of the Services is for your personal use only.
Except as expressly permitted herein, you shall not:
Access the Services by any means other than instructions provided by PPS
Use the Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose
Share with any third party any access codes or account information, including without limitation your username and password that you may create or PPS may provide in connection with the Services
And/Or upload, post or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any content that:
Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, discriminatory, sexually oriented or tortious;
Infringes on any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other proprietary right of any party;
Constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail, or any form of lottery or gambling;
Constitutes the selling or trading of any merchandise;
Constitutes the soliciting for advertisers/sponsors; conducting contests/raffles; displaying advertising/sponsorship art; promoting, soliciting or participating in chain letters or marketing/pyramid schemes;
Contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of any third party;
Contains links to sites that violate these Terms of Service, such as pornographic sites, defamatory sites, and so on; or
Impersonates any person or entity.
We generally do not pre-screen, monitor or edit the content posted by users of the Services. However, we have the right at our sole discretion to remove any content that, in our judgment, does not comply with the foregoing or is otherwise harmful, objectionable, or inaccurate. We are not responsible for any failure or delay in removing such content.
You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your account and you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your access codes and account information. You must notify us immediately if you become aware of any unauthorized use of your access codes or account information.
2. OWNERSHIP
All rights (including without limitation, copyrights, trademarks, patents and trade secrets) in the Services and the content contained therein, other than Your Content, (“PPS Content”) are and will remain the sole and exclusive property of PPS, Wiley and/or its licensors. No title to or ownership of any portion of the Services, the PPS and Wiley Content or any other products or services manufactured, sold and/or distributed or otherwise made available by PPS, or any proprietary rights related to those products/services, is or will be transferred pursuant to or by virtue of this agreement. PPS  hereby grants you a limited, non-exclusive, nonsublicensable, revocable license to display and reproduce the PPS or Wiley Content (other than software code) solely for your personal use in connection with using the Services in accordance with these Terms of Service.
3. FEEDBACK
You may from time to time provide Personality Profile Solutions with suggestions, ideas or other feedback regarding the Services (“Feedback”). Both parties agree that PPS shall own such Feedback and is entitled, but not obligated, to use, develop and exploit it in any manner, without restriction or duty to compensate or seek permission from you.
4. TERM AND TERMINATION
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate your access to all or part of the Services, with or without notice.
Upon termination, all rights granted to you in these Terms of Service will immediately cease.
To the extent that you have a subscription that extends beyond termination of these Terms of Service, unless such termination is due to your breach, the subscription shall remain in force for the period set forth in the subscription’s terms or subscription order.
Any provision of these Terms of Service that expressly or by implication is intended to continue in force after termination or expiration of these Terms of Service will survive.
5. INDEMNIFICATION
A) To the extent permitted by applicable law, you will defend, indemnify and hold harmless PPS, its licensees, and their respective affiliates, parents and subsidiaries and their respective officers, directors, agents, representatives, successors and assigns (the “PPS Indemnitees”) from and against all liability and expense, including without limitation reasonable counsel fees and costs, arising from any claim, suit or proceeding brought against a PPS Indemnitee (i) claiming that Your Content infringes or misappropriates any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary right of any third party or (ii) in connection with your violation of these Terms of Service.
B) In the event of a claim triggering your obligation to indemnify, you shall provide us with (i) prompt written notice of any such claim; (ii) control over the defense and settlement of such claim and (iii) proper and full information and assistance to settle or defend any such claim.
6. DISCLAIMER
The services are provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, reliability, availability or fitness for a particular purpose. the entire risk as to the results or performance of the services as assumed by you. In no event will PPS or its licensors be liable to you for any damages, including without limitation lost profits, lost savings, or other incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use of inability to use the services, even if PPS has been advised of the possibility of such damages. The terms of this section 6 shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by the law in the applicable jurisdiction.
7. CORRECTIONS
The Services may contain errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. PPS, therefore, reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions (including after an order has been submitted) and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. Please note that such errors, inaccuracies, or omissions may relate to pricing, and we reserve the right to cancel or refuse to accept any order placed based on incorrect pricing or availability information.
8. INJUNCTIVE RELIEF
You agree that any breach of your obligations with respect to PPS’ proprietary or intellectual property rights will result in irreparable injury to PPS for which money damages are inadequate, and you therefore agree that PPS shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief, without the requirement of posting a bond, in addition to any other relief that a court may deem proper.
9. FERPA (US only)
Please see PPS’ policy regarding FERPA here.
10. PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
If you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify EVP & General Counsel, John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 111 River Street, Hoboken, NJ  07030, by providing the following information:
The signature of the owner of the copyright or the person authorized to act on the owner’s behalf.
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed and a description of the infringing activity.
Identification of the specific location on this website where the material that you claim is infringing is located.
Your name, address, telephone number, and email address.
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
11. PRIVACY POLICY & CONSENTS
Personality Profile Solutions(PPS) Privacy Policy is located here. PPS will process and store profile information that you provide to PPS (name and email) in accordance with this policy. PPS may also send you service announcements, administrative messages and other information in connection with your use of the Services. You may opt out of particular communications.
Where access to the Services has or will be provided to you through your institution or school’s (“Institution’s”) online learning management system using a ‘single sign on’ (SSO), then in accessing this Services you consent to PPS:
Collecting the following personal information about you from the Institution: first and last name, institution, course name
Disclosing personal information to your Institution directly relevant to your use of the Services, such as results of assessments set by instructors and other analytics regarding your access to the Services.
12. MISCELLANEOUS
We make no representation that the Services are appropriate or available for use in your location, and accessing them from locations where their contents are illegal is prohibited. If you choose to access this site from any such locations, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. These Terms of Service represent the entire agreement between us and supersedes any proposals or prior agreements, oral or written, and any other communication between us relating to the subject matter of these Terms of Service. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to update or revise these Terms of Service. Please check the Terms of Service periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of any changes to the Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes. Please note that by using the Services, you agree that you are entering into a legally binding agreement (even if you are using the Services on behalf of a company). You acknowledge that you have read these Terms of Service, and agree to be bound by its terms and conditions. The laws of the country set forth below shall apply according to your country of residence, without regard to conflicts of law rules. The corresponding jurisdiction shall be the forum for adjudication of all disputes arising in connection with this agreement:
UNITED STATES (and all other countries not expressly stated herein)
Applicable Law—State of New York
Agreed Jurisdiction—New York, NY
UNITED KINGDOM & EMEA (excluding Germany)
Applicable Law—Finland and Wales
Agreed Jurisdiction—England and Wales
CANADA
Applicable Law—Ontario
Agreed Jurisdiction—Province of Ontario
GERMANY
Applicable Law—Federal Republic of Germany
Agreed Jurisdiction—Weinheim
AUSTRALIA
Applicable Law—State of Victoria
Agreed Jurisdiction—Melbourne
SINGAPORE
Applicable Law—Singapore
Agreed Jurisdiction Singapore—Arbitration in Singapore administered by the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (SIAC) in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of SIAC for the time being in force. The language of the arbitration shall be English. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and may be used as a basis for judgment in any country.
ALL ASIA PACIFIC (excluding Australia and Singapore)
Applicable Law—Singapore
Agreed Jurisdiction Singapore—Arbitration in Singapore administered by the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (SIAC) in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of SIAC for the time being in force. The language of the arbitration shall be English. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and may be used as a basis for judgment in any country.
13. LEGAL NOTICE FOR NEW JERSEY RESIDENTS
Under the New Jersey Truth-in-Consumer Contract, Warranty and Notice Act (“TCCWNA”), N.J.S.A. 56:12-14 et seq., no seller, lessor, creditor, or lender shall offer to any consumer or prospective consumer any written contract which violates any clearly established legal right of the consumer under state or federal law, or contain a provision by which the consumer waives its rights. For the avoidance of doubt, no provision of these Terms of Service shall apply to any consumer in New Jersey if the provision violates any clearly established legal right of that consumer.
Important Links
About Us
Blog
Products
EPIC Login
Newsletter Sign Up
Sign up for the newsletter
Need help? (877) 344-8612 M-F 9am-5pm CST or Contact Us
Terms of Service| Business Policies | Privacy Policy | Legal Trademark & Copyright Notice
Services, products, labels, availability, content and usage subject to change without notice. All rights reserved & stringently prosecuted. Reproduction, distribution, copying, modeling, imitating, extracting, adapting concepts, or any derivative thereof, strictly prohibited. Inc 1978 ®1980 ©1997-2010, DiscProfile™. Everything DiSC ® Certified Trainer Authorized Partner by Wiley. Everything DiSC® is a registered trademark of John Wiley & Sons, Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized use is an infringement of copyrights, trademarks, or proprietary rights. "PXT Select" is a trademark of John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or its affiliated companies.