https://www.baseclear.com/privacy-policy/
News
Blog
Experts meetings
Order online
Zoeken
English
Home
About BaseClear
Meet our experts
Our location & building
Our history
Partners
Quality assurance
Career / jobs
Policies
Industries we serve
Human health
Probiotics & Live Biotherapeutics Products (LBP)
Infant formula & infant personal care
Partnership in clinical trials
Diet & lifestyle
Product release & quality control
Personal care
Skin Health & Skin Care
Intimate Care
Oral Health
Hair products
Animal Health & Performance
Antimicrobial resistance and the microbiome
Feed efficiency
Vaccines and their influence on the microbiome
Diet and animal health & performance
Modulating the microbiome for more environmentally friendly animal husbandry
Safety Assessment of feed ingredients
Research & Academics
Solutions we deliver
Human microbiome analysis
Gut microbiome analysis
Maternal & infant microbiome analysis
Blood microbiome analysis
Onco-microbiome analysis
Urine microbiome analysis
Skin microbiome analysis
Scalp microbiome analysis
Oral microbiome analysis
Vaginal microbiome analysis
Animal microbiome research
Regulatory affairs
Safety Assessment of feed ingredients
Safety assessment of food enzymes
Safety assessment of food microbes
Characterisation of microorganisms for regulatory approval
Antibiotic resistance gene screening
Quality Solutions
Cell line characterization using ultra-long sequencing technology
Adventitious agents and viral testing
Mycoplasma detection
Monitoring microbial contaminants
Microbial identification
MALDI-TOF technology
Microseq® Microbial identifications
Root cause analysis
Multi-locus sequence typing (MLST)
Strain typing using REP-PCR
Core Genomics
Sanger sequencing
Fragment analysis
Next-Generation sequencing
Illumina sequencing
PacBio sequencing
Nanopore sequencing
Genome analysis
Transcriptome analysis
Metagenomics
Metatranscriptomics
Microbial profiling
Soil microbiome
Strain-specific quantification (qPCR)
Microbiome analysis by shallow shotgun
Bioinformatics
Genome assembly and annotation
Comparative genomics
Genome Explorer
Lab products
Zymo Research
Sample kits
DNA purification
ZymoPURE plasmid kits
Quick-DNA HMW Magbead Kit
RNA purification
Microbiomics
HostZERO Microbial DNA
Sample collection & preservation
Faecal collection & preservation
Epigenetics
E.coli
Yeast products
BaseGene
Gene synthesis
Kisker Biotech
Request quotation
Contact
Privacy policy
Home » Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how BaseClear BV (“BaseClear”) uses and protects any information that you may provide to us by the use of our website and/or our services. BaseClear is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected in doing business with us.
BaseClear may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. This policy is effective from June 14, 2018.
INTRODUCTION
In this privacy statement we provide you with more information about (i) how we may collect and process your data, (ii) for what purposes we collect and process these data, and (iii) your rights with respect to the foregoing, when you use our services and website. Personal data is any data concerning an identified or identifiable natural person.
PERSONAL DATA THAT WE PROCESS
BaseClear may processes your personal data due to your use of our services. The personal data we process is mainly contact information. These are the contact details that you may provide in order to use the services of BaseClear, such as your name and/or (company)email address and other personal data that you may actively provide by, for example, by requesting our services online.
FOR WHAT PURPOSE AND ON WHAT BASIS WE PROCESS PERSONAL DATA
BaseClear may process personal data for the following purposes:
To provide you (and/or your company) with our services
To call or e-mail you if necessary to carry out our services
To inform you about changes in our products and services
To offer you the option of creating an account
Sending you information regarding our products and services, such as our email newsletter and/or  promotional reports and/or brochures via post.
BaseClear processes your personal data because you have either given your explicit consent to do so or this is necessary for (i) the performance of a contract with your company or (ii) the legitimate interest pursued by BaseClear, notably running our business and potentially collect any outstanding debts, to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products and services in order to develop them and grow our business, except where such interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING
BaseClear does not make decisions based on automated processing on matters that can have (significant) consequences for people. These are decisions that are made by computer programs or systems, without involving a person (for example, an employee of BaseClear BV).
HOW LONG WE STORE PERSONAL DATA
BaseClear does not store your personal data for longer than is strictly necessary to realize the purposes for which your data are collected. We use a storage period for your contact information of 7 years after the last contact moment with BaseClear.
SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES
BaseClear will not sell personal data to third parties and will only provide this data if this is necessary for the execution of our agreement with you or to comply with a legal obligation. With companies that may process personal data in our assignment, we conclude a processor agreement to ensure the same level of security and confidentiality that we offer.
COOKIES, OR SIMILAR TECHNIQUES, THAT WE USE
BaseClear BV uses functional, analytical and tracking cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is stored in the browser of your computer, tablet or smartphone when you first visit this website. BaseClear BV uses cookies with a purely technical functionality. These ensure that the website works properly and that, for example, your preferred settings are remembered. These cookies are also used to make the website work well and to optimize it. On your first visit to our website we have already informed you about these cookies and asked permission for their placement. You can opt out of cookies by setting your internet browser so that it does not store cookies anymore. In addition, you can also delete all information previously saved via the settings of your browser.
VIEW, MODIFY OR DELETE DATA
You have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. In addition, you have the right to request restriction of or object to the processing of your personal data by BaseClear and you have the right to data portability. You can send a request for access, correction, deletion, data transfer of your personal data or objection to the processing of your personal data to info@baseclear.com. To ensure that the request has been made by you, we may ask you for identification. This is to protect your privacy. We will respond to your request as quickly as possible, but within four weeks.
HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL DATA
BaseClear BV takes the protection of personal data seriously and takes appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized modification. If you have the impression that there are indications of abuse, please contact our customer service or via info@baseclear.com
HUMAN DNA SAMPLES
Our services include the analysis of human DNA. We will only process human DNA samples upon request of a client. In case such samples include personal data (for example in the related project documentation), this information is used by BaseClear for the sole reason to be able to physically perform the project as agreed with the client.
We do not store or use human sample data for internal research nor will we ever share this information with a third party unless explicitly agreed on with the client. Only authorized BaseClear personnel is able to access the samples and related project documentation. BaseClear expects that the client is fully compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) when sending human DNA samples to BaseClear.
We require clients not to send us any information that can directly or indirectly link the human DNA samples to natural persons. Therefore, human DNA samples provided to us, are not to be regarded as “personal data”. However, if personal data is involved, BaseClear will act as a “processor” as is meant in the GDPR legislation. The client is and will remain “controller” at all times.
In case a client requires BaseClear to take additional measures in order to protect personal data  related to human DNA samples, these should be communicated in written form to BaseClear before a project is started. BaseClear holds the right to ask an additional fee for measurements that need to be taken in order to meet the (security) requirements.
QUESTIONS OR COMPLAINTS?
Do you have questions or maybe a complaint? Let us know as soon as possible. BaseClear can be reached using the contact details below. BaseClear also wishes to point out that you have the opportunity to file a complaint with the national supervisory authority, the Dutch Data Protection Authority.
CONTACT INFORMATION:
Location:
BaseClear BV
Sylviusweg 74
2333 BE Leiden
The Netherlands
Postal address:
PO Box 1336
2303 BH Leiden
The Netherlands
Tel: +31(0)71 523 3917
E-mail: info@baseclear.com
Convinced? Get in touchGet a quoteMeet baseClearContact form
Direct contact
+31 (0)71 523 3917 info@baseclear.com
Cookies
Privacy policy
General terms & conditions
We use cookies to ensure that our website runs as smoothly as possible. Read our cookie statement and privacy policy for more details.Agree
We use cookies to ensure that our website runs as smoothly as possible. Read our cookie statement and privacy policy for more details.Agree