https://www.micromain.com/our-privacy-policy/
For immediate assistance, please call us at (512) 328-3235
Privacy Policy
MicroMain Corporation has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this MicroMain Corporation website. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website, but not for any other purposes.
Our site’s registration form requires visitors to give us contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to fulfill requests for materials or contact from MicroMain. We never sell this information or disclose it in any way to parties outside of MicroMain. This site contains links to other sites. MicroMain is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
This statement applies to MicroMain and covers the following: processing of sensitive data relating to clients, partners, MicroMain employees, and prospects.
1. Personal Information
MicroMain will not use personal information to collect or store account numbers from credit cards, debit cards, bank accounts or other financial systems; collect or store U.S. Social Security Numbers, drivers’ license or other personal identification numbers issued by any government or financial institution; or collect, store or otherwise handle personal information in a manner not disclosed by Customer to the user, or in violation of any applicable state or federal laws; or collect, store or transmit Personal Health Information (“PHI”) as defined by HIPAA if Customer is a Covered Entity as defined by HIPAA.
How We Use Personal Information: As a policy, MicroMain only uses sensitive information in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by the individual. MicroMain takes reasonable steps to ensure that sensitive information is relevant to its intended use, accurate, complete, and current. MicroMain does not provide any of the information we collect to third parties other than to market our products and services.
2. Website
MicroMain uses the information we collect to identify and contact visitors to our website(s) who are seriously interested in our products and services.
We use Google Analytics, Google AdWords Conversion tracker, and other Google services that place cookies on a browser across the website. These cookies help us increase the website’s effectiveness for our visitors. These cookies are set and read by Google. To opt out of Google tracking, please visit this page: www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads
We use AdWords remarketing to market our sites across the web. We place a cookie on a browser, and then a 3rd party (Google) reads these cookies and may serve an ad on a 3rd party site. You may opt out of this ad serving on Google’s opt out page. If you are concerned about 3rd party cookies served by networks, you should also visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page: www.networkadvertising.org/choices
Applications: Using MicroMain applications, information can be processed on an organization’s own computers or on computers hosted by MicroMain or 3rd party partners such as Amazon Web Services. In the latter case, MicroMain is an Application Service Provider (ASP), however, each client, as the collector, administrator, and user of sensitive information within applications, has primary responsibility for the privacy of that information. MicroMain, as an ASP, may collect application usage data for the purpose of product improvement and support.
Clients, Partners, and Prospects: MicroMain may collect information from Clients, Partners, and Prospects for the purposes of marketing, product support, and other appropriate channels. MicroMain takes reasonable steps to ensure that sensitive information is relevant to its intended use, accurate, complete, and current. MicroMain does not provide any of the information we collect to third parties other than to market our products and services.
3. Notice and Consent
MicroMain will inform individuals about the type(s) of sensitive information it collects, the purposes for which it collects and uses sensitive information, and the types of non-agent third parties to which MicroMain discloses or may disclose information.
MicroMain will offer individuals the opportunity to choose (opt-out) where their information is to be (a) disclosed to a non-agent third party, or (b) used for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual. Per the EU General Data Protection Regulation, an opt-in opportunity will be provided to applicable individuals prior to data collection.
4. Access and Correction
Upon request, MicroMain will grant data subjects reasonable access to sensitive data that it holds about them, including information about how the data was collected and its purpose(s).
Additionally, MicroMain will take reasonable steps to delete information if the processing of such data has no legal basis, or if the legal basis has ceased to apply. Individuals may also request the correction or amendment of information that is determined to be inaccurate or incomplete, or objection to information processing altogether.
MicroMain offers the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
Sending an email to: info@micromain.com or calling us at: 1-512-328-3235.
5. Information Security and Confidentiality
MicroMain has implemented industry standard security methods, technologies, and processes to safeguard sensitive information from unauthorized access and unlawful processing or disclosure, as well as accidental loss, modification, or destruction. All sensitive information is treated as confidential; any unauthorized collection, processing, or use of such data is prohibited. In the context of increasingly flexible company organization, it must be ensured that employees have access to sensitive data on a need-to-know basis only.
6. Regulatory Information
This statement embodies the internationally accepted principles of data protection and privacy, without replacing existing national laws. It applies in all cases as far as it is not in conflict with the respective national law; additionally, the national law shall apply if it makes greater demands. National law applies in the case that it entails a mandatory deviation from, or exceeds the scope of, this statement for data protection. This statement also applies in countries in which there is no corresponding national legislation in place.
EU GDPR: MicroMain adheres to the EU General Data Protection Regulation as set forth by the European Parliament & Council regarding the processing of personal data and the free movement of such data.
EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S Privacy Shield: MicroMain adheres to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over MicroMain’s compliance with the Privacy Shield.
If there are any conflicts between the terms in this statement and EU data privacy principles, the principles shall govern.
This statement will be revised periodically in accordance with industry standards and changes in MicroMain’s operational environment.