http://www.nrao.edu/policy/privacy.shtml
Welcome to the Info TEST server!
Skip to content. |
Skip to navigation
Accessibility |
Contact |
Log in
Search Site
Advanced Search…
Sections
HomeAdmin Services
Contracts and Procurement
Fiscal
yearEnd-taxPayroll.pdf
Green Bank Business Office
Visitor Registration Form
Relocation Resources
documents
usrelocate.pdf
earthprepare.pdf
chilerelocate.pdf
clexpatmanual.pdf
foreigntravel.pdf
generalrelocate.pdf
sagaffidavit.pdf
Customs regulations
EIN instructions
Power of Attorney
Booking a flight
Embassy registration
Emergency contacts
Director's Office
Office of Diversity and Inclusion
Diversity Strategic Plan
Speaker Series 2016
Bergin
ImplicitBiasKeisha
ManningTUNA
McTierGrad
MentoringKeisha
PTSDShaw
PTSDThompson
WeSpeakDoss
Diversity and Inclusion Advocate
Socorro Electrical Engineering Division's Laboratory Experience (SEDLE) for Undergraduates
Socorro Electrical Engineering Division's Laboratory Experience (SEDLE) for Undergraduates
2016-17 Diversity Advocate Role
Diversity Speaker Series 2017
Renee Horton
Dara Norman
2017 Diversity Strategic Plan
RAMP-UP
Hampton University NINE Hub
Gender Transition Plan Protocol
Gender Transition Protocol
ODI Online Learning
ODI Online Learning Enrollment
Forms
CUWiP Lab Tours
Town Hall New Mexico
Diversity & Inclusion Town Hall in New Mexico
NM DA Role Description
NM EDG Role Description
Town Hall Presentation
NM Diversity Advocate and Employee Diversity Group Information Meeting
CV Diversity Advocate
CV EDG
Chile EDG
CV Town Hall Presentation
NM EDG and DA Roles
2016 Climate for Women Survey Report
Diversity & Inclusion Education
Diversity & Inclusion Education 101
Diversity & Inclusion Education 101 - Society
Diversity and Inclusion Training FY2019
Project RADIAL
Radio Astronomy
Data Imaging and Analysis Lab (RADIAL)
RADIAL Atlanta Meeting
RADIAL Development Lab, Washington, DC
Women's Climate Survey 2018
June 11 2020 Presentation
Committees
External Committees
Internal Committee
NRAO Users Community Feedback
AUIVCCharge2019_03Sep19.docx
AUIVCCharge2019_03Sep19.pdf
Employee Events
Info Services
Login
Computing Guide
Astronomy Support
Cluster Processing
CASA Guides
Cluster Scheduler - CV
Lustre Quick Guide - CV
Lustre User Guide - CV
Cluster Access - CV
AIPS on Lustre
How to copy data from/to ZFS filesystem
Cluster Processing
User Accounts
Access and Running Jobs
VNC Access - CV
VNC Access - NM
Resource Limits and Data Retention
Data Storage and Retrieval
Software
Reporting Problems
Appendix
Data Backup
Accessing Filer Backups from Windows
Backups on Linux
Backups to DVD on Linux
Backups to Tape on Linux
External Disks on Linux
File Access & Archiving
File Permissions from UNIX
File Permissions from Windows
Burning CDs and DVDs for Linux
7Zip
Accessing Files
Help Desks
Network Access
FTP - Linux/Mac
FTP - Windows
Wireless - Visitors
SSH Pages
FastX Remote Linux Access
Printing & Copiers
Linux Printing
Mac Printing
Windows Printing
Phones
NRAO Directory
Phone Quick Guide
Phone User Guides
Voicemail User Guides
Videoconf
Video Hub Uprade 2019
Visitors
Visitor Registration Form (DPS)
Visitor Resources Access Form (PDF)
NRAO Public Policies
Computing Resources
Phones
Wireless - CV
Wireless - SOC
Program MgmtRetirees
Retiree Benefit Programs
Galleries
Retiree Photo Blog
Feedback
VAWVBooklet
NMRetireeBooklet
2019VIAEnrollmentGuide.pdf
copy_of_2019VIAEnrollmentGuide.pdf
112019AssociatedUniversitiesHRA15001037504.pdf
copy_of_112019AssociatedUniversitiesHRA15001037504.pdf
Site OpsTechnology Transfer
Info Services
>
Policy
>
Information Privacy Policy
Info
Information Privacy Policy
New Information Privacy Policy: October 1st 2019
1.
Introduction
Organizations that serve research in science, technology, engineering, arts, and mathematics (STEAM) are contributing to the advancement of public life and culture. As such, people engaged to this effort, or leveraging resources from supporting organizations in the pursuit of these efforts, have an implied intent to make their contributions public. Publishing results is a prime activity and ultimate requirement of research institutions and is normally associated with a transfer of knowledge, copyright, or a broad license to distribute the material in an accountable way for the betterment of all. While there is a requirement of privacy during the formulation of the work, to protect provenance, the resulting publication (in the form of paper, book, report, thesis, press release etc.) is required to establish the claim of ownership and reputational credit for a contribution to the field of endeavor.
This premise forms the basis for the following policy on Information Privacy.
Additionally, be aware that the computing infrastructure of the Observatory is government property and, as such, is subject to the laws and regulations of the United States of America.
2.
Summary
The purpose of this document is to ensure that you are aware of, and understand, what information may be collected when you access Observatory infrastructure, and what will be done with that information. Common sense is the general rule; we will endeavor to keep any personal information private, we will not spam you, and we won't publish any specific information about you without your prior permission, but we will seek to engage the community in an appropriate manner to further our mission.
The privacy policy can be stated simply:
We will not collect any personally identifiable information (PII) about you without your consent when you use our services
PII will not be released to any third party without your prior consent (unless information sharing is required by law)
3.
In General
For accountability of NSF funded resources, certain PII data will be made public such as the name of the Principal Investigator, proposal category, proposal title and abstract. In addition, as with any publication or document of record, information given as part of a resource allocation request cannot be deleted, but may be corrected if verifiably wrong.
Likewise, some discussion groups hosted by the Observatory are publicly accessible. By posting to these discussion groups, we may make public the e-mail address from which you posted, which is again aligned with the intent of the forum for attribution and ownership of shared knowledge and insight. The correction or deletion of postings will be managed by the group moderators.
When third party service providers are engaged by the Observatory, we will contrast Information Privacy Policies and document any material differences.
E-mail addresses and other information obtained through any of the means below will not be sold or released to any third party, without prior written or authenticated e-mail consent from the owner of the information.
4.
Web Access
As with most web servers, Observatory servers will automatically record the following information routinely in a "log" file:
Your IP address, and hostname if available;
The date and time of your access;
The pages you visit on our server;
The type of browser and operating system you use (your browser will give this information automatically to all web servers); and
The referring page, if there was one.
These log files are private and confidential and will not be released to the general public. Statistics on what pages are the most popular, what domains are our biggest users, etc. may be released internally to NRAO technical staff, and for reporting on engagement impact, but these do not include any personal information. The intent of these statistics is simply to make our services better.
Certain elements of the Observatory’s Web Infrastructure use Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).
Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files stored on your computer, to help analyze how the site is used. The information generated (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the website. By using our websites, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
5.
E-Mail and Account Oversight
Users of Observatory E-mail and file systems should be aware that user accounts may be subject to review once the appropriate HR and Management approvals have been obtained (via the “User Account Access Request” form).
Additionally, any E-mail will generate log entries that include the routine information associated with mail transfer protocols. Such log entries do not include the body (main text) of the message.
The log entries will contain the e-mail address of the sender, its size, the number of recipients, the message ID, and the actual recipient and status of delivery (deferred, success, etc.). This information is kept confidential and is only used to help diagnose system problems, or to review activities that may violate Observatory Policies or other Operational or Employee rules and regulations.
The Observatory maintains several mailing lists to better engage the community. In order to further our mission of promoting astronomy, updates to our lists are garnered from attendance at community engagement events, but a communicated “unsubscribe” process will remove unwanted inclusion.
6.
Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we may act as a “Data Controller” of your personal information.
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information, as described in this Privacy Policy, depends on the information we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. We may need your personal information in order to:
Enter into a contract with you; e.g. when you apply to use Observatory resources
Report on usage demographic information to our funding agents and review bodies
Process payments; such as for Scientific Event Registration
To broaden participation through notification of community relevant information
To comply with the law
Individuals have certain data protection rights:
The right to access and update personal information, e.g. in myNRAO user accounts
The right of rectification of verifiably erroneous information
The right to object
The right of restriction
The right to data portability
The right to withdraw consent
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this policy, we may notify you on our Website, by a blog post, by email, or by any method we determine. The method we chose is at our sole discretion. We will also change the "Last Updated" date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Any changes we make to our Privacy Policy are effective as of this Last Updated date and replace any prior Privacy Policies.
Info Services Contacts
Navigation
Information Privacy Policy
Helpful Links
ALMA Observing HelpNRAO Observing HelpCV Computing Help desk
GB Computing Help desk
NM Computing Help desk
Web Help desk
MIS Help desk
Phone Book
Floor Plans - CV Visitor ResourcesComputing Status
Staff | Policies | Diversity
The National Radio Astronomy Observatory is a facility of the National Science Foundation operated under cooperative agreement by Associated Universities, Inc.