https://www.cleanenergyfuels.com/privacy-policy/
Clean Energy (“Clean Energy,” “we,” “us,” “our”) is concerned about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through the website owned and controlled by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy (the “Site”). By providing Personal Information to us, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy. Please take a look at the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Site. Your use of the Site following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information We Collect
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual, such as:
Name
Email address
Phone number
Zip code
Job title
Company name
Account Information. If you create an account, we’ll collect certain Personal Information.
How We Use Personal Information
We may use Personal Information:
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to send you newsletters.
To send you important information regarding the Site, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information.
To send you marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, enhancing our website, improving our services, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
How Personal Information is Disclosed
Your Personal Information may be disclosed:
We may engage third party service providers to work with us to administer and provide the Site. These third-party services providers have access to your Personal Information only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf.
Information that we collect from our users, including Personal Information, is considered to be a business asset. As a result, if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy or in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings), your Personal Information may be disclosed or transferred to the third-party acquirer in connection with the transaction.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
Non-Personal Information We Collect
“Non-Personal Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity, such as:
Browser information
Server log files
Information collected through cookies, Web Beacons, pixel tags and other technologies
Demographic information and other information provided by you
Aggregated information
How We Collect Non-Personal Information
We and our third party service providers may collect Non-Personal Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through your browser: Certain information is collected by most browsers, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system version and Internet browser type and version.
Through server log files: An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), and is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user visits the Site, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, and administering the Site.
Using cookies and Web Beacons: Cookies allow a web server to transfer data to a computer for recordkeeping and other purposes. We and our service providers use cookies and other technologies to, among other things, better serve you with more tailored information and facilitate your ongoing access to and use of the Site, as well as for online tracking purposes. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to decline the use of cookies. To learn more about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. If you choose to decline cookies, some or all of the features, functionality and promotions available through the Site may not be available to you.  “Web Beacons” (also known as clear gifs or) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that may be included on our Site for several purposes, including to deliver or communicate with cookies, to track and measure the performance of the Site, to monitor how many visitors view the Site, and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising. Unlike cookies, which are stored on the user’s hard drive, Web Beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages (or in an e-mail).
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies: Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used in connection with some Site pages and HTML-formatted email messages to, among other things, track the actions of Site users and email recipients, measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about Site usage and response rates.
From you: We may collect demographic information such as your location, as well as other information, such as your preferred means of communication, when you voluntarily provide this information to us. Unless combined with Personal Information, this information does not personally identify you or any other user of the Site.  In some cases we collect and store information about where you are located, such as by converting your IP address into a rough geolocation. We may use location information to improve and personalize the Site.• By aggregating information: We may aggregate Personal Information so that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other user of the Site, for example, by using Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code. Aggregated Personal Information does not personally identify you or any other user of the Site.
How We Use and Disclose Non-Personal Information
Because Non-Personal Information does not personally identify you, we may use and disclose Non-Personal Information for any purpose. In some instances, we may combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your zip code). If we combine any Non-Personal Information with Personal Information, the combined information will be treated by us as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
THIRD PARTY SITES
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site to which this Site contains a link. The inclusion of a link on the Site does not imply endorsement of the linked site by us or by our affiliates.
Security
We use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information under our control. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.
CHOICES AND ACCESS
If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us, you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by clicking the “Unsubscribe” or similar link contained in any such email you receive from us.
Please note that if you do opt-out of receiving marketing-related messages from us, we may still send important administrative messages to you, and you cannot opt-out from receiving administrative messages.
How you can access or change your Personal Information
If you would like to review or update your Personal Information that has been previously provided to us, you may contact us by at the address listed in the “Contacting Us” section. In your request, please make clear what information you would like to have changed. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Use of site by minors
The Site is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that these individuals do not provide Personal Information through the Site.
JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
The Site is controlled and operated by us from the United States, and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States.  Your Personal Information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you’re located outside the United States and choose to provide your Personal Information to us, we may transfer your Personal Information to the United States and process it there.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at webmaster@cleanenergyfuels.com, or please write to the following address:
Clean Energy
Attn: Webmaster
Clean Energy
4675 MacArthur Court, Suite 800, Newport Beach, CA 92660
Tel: (949) 437-1000
Fax: (949) 724-1397
Please note that email communications are not always secure; so please do not include credit card information or other sensitive information in your email messages to us.
Find a Station
Latest News
Natural Gas Today
Today’s Fuel Challenge
Clean Energy Natural Gas
How Clean Energy Natural Gas Benefits Your Daily Life
Why Clean Energy
Why Clean Energy
Pioneers & Experts in Natural Gas
Robust North American Network
Customized Solutions
Hear From Our Customers
Products
Fuels
Compressed Natural Gas (CNG)
Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)
Redeem, Renewable Natural Gas (RNG)
Bulk Fuel Sales
Equipment
LNG Equipment
LNG/CNG Equipment
Building Modification Equipment
Services
Overview
Engineering & Construction
Technology & Equipment
Facility Modification
Financing & Grants
Operations & Support
Virtual Pipeline Services
Customer Solutions
Overview
Airport Service Vehicles
Construction
Government Fleets
Heavy-Duty Trucks
Industrial Facilities
Light & Medium Duty Vehicles
Marine
Mining
Rail
Refuse
Shuttles
Transit
Taxis
Hear From Our Customers
Resources
Close
Receive the latest news in natural gas fueling
Email Address *
First Name *
Last Name *
Company
* indicates required
Close
Start The Conversation
The more we know about you and your business, the better we can accommodate your individual goals and needs. Please answer a few questions about your business and interests, and a Clean Energy sales representative will get back to you soon.
First Name*
Last Name*
Phone Number*
Email*
Country*
Select Country
United States
Canada
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of The
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Republic of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Comments
Keep up-to-date with the latest in Clean Energy natural gas fueling news
Send answers