http://www.earthisland.org/index.php/aboutUs/privacy
Earth Island Privacy Policy
Earth Island, Inc. (“Earth Island”) respects and is committed to protecting your privacy.
Contact Information
ATTN:  Kim Picone
Earth Island Institute
2150 Allston Way, Suite 460
Berkeley, California 94704
Email: data@earthisland.org
Telephone:  510-859-9123
This Privacy Notice explains what personal data we collect about you, how it is used, with whom it is shared, and the choices you can make and rights you can exercise in relation to your personal data. This Privacy Statement applies to Earth Island, Inc. (“Earth Island”, we”, “our”, and “us”).  This Privacy Notice applies to our website and all personal data we directly receive or collect from you in the course of operating Earth Island. We recommend that you carefully review this Privacy Notice before providing us with your personal data.
For the purposes of applicable data protection laws, Earth Island is the controller of the personal data you provide directly to us. As the controller, we process personal data in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to third-party websites or social media features that may be accessed through links that we provide for your convenience and information. Accessing those links will cause you to leave our website and may result in the collection or sharing of personal data about you by a third party. We do not control or make any representations about those third party websites or their privacy practices, which may differ from ours. We encourage you to review the privacy notice of any site you interact with before allowing the collection and use of your personal data.
Data We Collect
As used in this Privacy Notice, “personal data” is any information that personally identifies you or from which you could be identified either directly or indirectly. The personal data that we may collect from or about you depends on the interaction, but broadly falls into the following categories:
Data You Provide to Us: You may provide us with personal data when interact with our website. For example, when you subscribe to the Earth Island Journal, you will be asked to provide your first name, last name, mailing address, billing address, email address, and credit card number. You may also provide us with personal data when contacting us, donating to Earth Island, through email communications, or through in-person interactions.
Data We Automatically Collect: Earth Island uses cookies and other tracking technologies on our website and in our emails to improve and tailor information on our website. We use cookies to improve engagement and relevancy in the types of information presented to users. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard drive for recordkeeping purposes, and can make the website more useful by storing information about your preferences for a particular website.
The personal data collected may include your IP address, geographic location, your operating system, your device ID, your browsing activities (such as what pages are viewed), and other information about your system and connection.
How We Use Your Data
We may use the personal data we collect for a range of reasons and examples include:
Newsletters. Sending you updates about Earth Island (in accordance with your preferences).
Donor Solicitations. Sending you information in connection with appeals for donations (in accordance with your preferences).
Donor Support. Processing donations and providing account support.
Subscription Support. Assisting you in completing registration for our journals, administering your account, and processing payments.
Project Support. Processing applications for projects interested in fiscal sponsorship.
Security and Technical Fixes. Protecting the security and integrity of the website and our processes, and correcting technical problems and malfunctions in how the website operates or processes visitors’ information.
Compliance with Law. Complying with applicable laws, regulations, court orders, government and law enforcement requests, protecting ourselves, and solving any disputes.
Administrative Communications. Communications required by law.
How We Share Your Personal Data
Sharing with Service Providers. We engage service providers to provide services such as web hosting and secure credit card processing. When we share personal data with third party service providers, we take steps to protect your personal data by requiring these third parties to enter into a contract with us that require them to use the personal data we transfer to them in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice and applicable privacy laws.
Law Enforcement, Government or Regulatory Bodies or Lawful Authorities. We may disclose personal data to comply with laws, regulations or other legal obligations, to assist in an investigation, to protect and defend our rights and property, or the rights or safety of third parties, to enforce this Privacy Notice or agreement with third parties, or for crime-prevention purposes.
Choice and Opt-out
You can opt out of receiving the newsletter and solicitation emails from us at any time. You can opt out by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our email messages. Opt-out requests can also be made by emailing us using the contact details provided under the “Contact Information” heading above. Please note that it may take up to 10 calendar days to remove your contact information from our communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request.
European Economic Area (EEA) Residents
Using the contact details provided under the “Contact Information” heading above, if you are a resident of Switzerland or the EEA, which includes all countries in the European Union, Lichtenstein, Iceland, and Norway, for personal data that we have about you, you can also ask us for a copy of your personal data, ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data, ask us to stop using all or some of our personal data or limit our use of it, or ask us for a copy of your personal data provided in a machine readable form.
If we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
We do not make use of automated decision-making. As defined under current data protection laws, automated decisions are defined as decisions about individuals that are based solely on the automated (i.e., no human involvement) processing of data and that produce legal effects or that significantly affect the individuals involved.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Union are available at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals residing in the EEA and who wish to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request.
Legal Basis for Processing Information
Where required by the EU General Data Protection with Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (“GDPR”), we will only collect and process personal data about you where we have a legal basis. Examples of legal bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for entering into or the performance of a contract with you), and “legitimate interests”.
Where we process personal data based on consent, we will ask for your consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or the performance of your contract with us, and we will inform you whether the provision of your personal data is mandatory and of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal data.
We may process your personal data for the purposes of our legitimate interests, provided that such processing does not outweigh your rights and freedoms. Where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. We process your personal data based on legitimate interests in order to:
Solicit donations;
Protect you, us, or others from data security threats;
Comply with laws that apply to us; and
Enable internal administrative processes, such as account administration.
International Data Transfers
Our servers operate in the United States, and Earth Island is located in the United States, so your personal data will be transferred to, stored, or processed in the United States. We will rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer personal data across borders.
Retention Period
We retain the personal data we collect from you when we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so. We will also retain your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
When we no longer need to process your personal data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, we will delete your personal data from our systems.
How We Keep you Data Secure
Earth Island utilizes reasonable and appropriate protections to ensure that personal data in our care is not misused or accessed without authorization. Personal data is stored on our own platforms or on the platforms of our service providers, with access restricted to those employees who have a need for such access to perform a legitimate business function relating to the services or for maintenance, internal security or related issues. Any service provider whom we retain to provide services for us and who will have access to personal data must generally agree to abide by the terms of this Privacy Notice. All our online donation processing capabilities require that no credit numbers are stored online. The online systems connect directly to banking networks, whose systems are highly secure.
Earth Island Institute uses SSL encryption and also protects website information at offsite servers utilizing state of the art firewalls. Earth Island Institute also utilizes password protection to protect website visitor information.
Children
We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under 16 years old through the website. However, if the parent or guardian of a child under 16 believes that the child has provided us with personal data, the parent or guardian of that child should contact us using the contact details provided under the “Contact Information” heading above if they want this information deleted from our files. If we obtain knowledge that we have personal data about a child under 16 in retrievable form in our files, we will delete that information from our existing files. In addition, anyone under 16 years old should seek their parent’s or guardian’s permission prior to using or disclosing any personal data on the website.
Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
California and Delaware laws require that we indicate whether we honor “Do Not Track” settings in your browser concerning targeted advertising. “Do Not Track” is a standard that is currently under development. As it is not yet finalized, we adhere to the standards set out in this Privacy Notice and do not monitor or follow any Do Not Track browser requests.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
If we modify our Privacy Notice, we will post the revised statement here, with an updated revision date.  All such updates and amendments are effective immediately upon notice thereof, which we may give by any means, including, but not limited to, posting a revised version of this Privacy Notice on our website or presenting a pop-up notification. You should view this Privacy Notice often to stay informed of changes that may affect you.
Last Updated: March, 2020
Sign Up to Receive IslandWire for Updates on Our Work
Sign up
×