http://www.tallgrassrestoration.com/privacy
Login
Menu
Home
Our Services
Native Plant Installation
Stewardship
Prescribed Burns
Erosion Control
Invasive Species Control
Land Planning
Wetland Delineations
Rain Garden Design
Other Services
Woodland Restoration
Our Mission
About Us
Statement of Qualifications
Our Staff
Business Principles
Award Winning Service
Links
Clients
Careers
Land Conservation
Contact Us
Home > Privacy
Privacy Statement Tallgrass Restoration, LLC is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Tallgrass Restoration, LLC Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Tallgrass Restoration, LLC website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. Collection of your Personal Information Tallgrass Restoration, LLC collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Tallgrass Restoration, LLC also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Tallgrass Restoration, LLC. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Tallgrass Restoration, LLC for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Tallgrass Restoration, LLC Web site. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Tallgrass Restoration, LLC public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Tallgrass Restoration, LLC does not read any of your private online communications. Tallgrass Restoration, LLC encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Tallgrass Restoration, LLC so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Tallgrass Restoration, LLC is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Tallgrass Restoration, LLC and Tallgrass Restoration, LLC family of Web sites. Use of your Personal Information Tallgrass Restoration, LLC collects and uses your personal information to operate the Tallgrass Restoration, LLC Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Tallgrass Restoration, LLC also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Tallgrass Restoration, LLC and its affiliates. Tallgrass Restoration, LLC may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. Tallgrass Restoration, LLC does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Tallgrass Restoration, LLC may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Tallgrass Restoration, LLC may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Tallgrass Restoration, LLC, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Tallgrass Restoration, LLC does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent. Tallgrass Restoration, LLC keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Tallgrass Restoration, LLC, in order to determine what Tallgrass Restoration, LLC services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Tallgrass Restoration, LLC to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. Tallgrass Restoration, LLC Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Tallgrass Restoration, LLC or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Tallgrass Restoration, LLC; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Tallgrass Restoration, LLC, or the public. Use of Cookies The Tallgrass Restoration, LLC Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Tallgrass Restoration, LLC pages, or register with Tallgrass Restoration, LLC site or services, a cookie helps Tallgrass Restoration, LLC to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Tallgrass Restoration, LLC Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Tallgrass Restoration, LLC features that you customized. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Tallgrass Restoration, LLC services or Web sites you visit. Security of your Personal Information Tallgrass Restoration, LLC secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Tallgrass Restoration, LLC secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. Changes to this Statement Tallgrass Restoration, LLC will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Tallgrass Restoration, LLC encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Tallgrass Restoration, LLC is protecting your information. Contact Information Tallgrass Restoration, LLC welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Tallgrass Restoration, LLC has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Tallgrass Restoration, LLC at ron.adams@tallgrassrestoration.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Tallgrass Restoration, LLC®2221 Hammond DriveSchaumburg, IL 60173(847) 925-9830
Tallgrass Restoration, LLC®3219 East County Road NMilton, WI 53563(608) 531-1768
Tallgrass Restoration, LLC®9004 County Road XForestville, WI 54213(920) 365-6970
Copyright 2020 by Tallgrass Restoration, LLC
Native Plant Installation |
Stewardship |
Prescribed Burns |
Erosion Control |
Invasive Species Control |
Land Planning |
Wetland Delineations |
Rain Garden Design |
Woodland Restoration |
Other Services
Privacy Statement
| Terms Of Use