http://www.camlab.co.uk/privacy-policy-cookie
Home
Company
Privacy and Cookie Policy
About Us
Brexit
Camlab Service Department
Careers
Contact Us
Customer Support
Delivery and Stock
Document Downloads
Environment Statement
Exhibitions
Field Specialists
International
Links
Live Stock
Live Support
Latest Press
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Quality
Terms and Conditions
Cookie policyA "Cookie" is a small file placed on a visitors computer containing text which is used to store settings and remember actions by visitors to a website. This data is then transferred back to the web-server to perform the correct action based on what the user does. Cookies are most often used to personalise and improve the user experience on a website.
In this Cookie Policy, when we refer to any of our Websites, we mean any website or mobile application operated by or on our behalf.
The information collected by cookies does not personally identify you; it includes general information about your computer settings, your connection to the Internet e.g. operating system and platform, IP address, your browsing patterns and timings of browsing on the Website and your location.
Most internet browsers accept cookies automatically, but you can change the settings of your browser to erase cookies or prevent automatic acceptance if you prefer.
We use cookies to ensure all visitors can use this website with no problems. They also allow us to identity our customers individually when logged in (session cookies) this is a necessary step for placing web orders on our site. Additionally we use Google Analytics tracking cookies to help us improve our website (these are not used to identity individuals). If you continue to use our site you are consenting to use our cookies.
If you have any further questions about cookies please call us
01954 233 110Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy explains in detail the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we’ll store and handle that data, and keep it safe.
At Camlab we are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations (PECR).
We collect personal information for:
Order processing
Provision of after sales care and service
Legal and contractual obligations between suppliers, customers and staff.
We are based in England, and our privacy policy covers Camlab Ltd and its websites.Data controller contact detailsICO Registration Reference: Camlab Ltd is registered under: Z4876992
Organisation Name: Camlab Ltd
Address: 24 Norman Way, Industrial Estate, Over, Cambridge CB24 5WE
Country: England
Data Controller: Camlab Limited
Email: sales@camlab.co.uk
Telephone: 01954 233100
Web Sites:
www.camlab.co.uk
www.industrialscientific.co.uk
www.truescience.co.uk
www.camblab.com
Legal basisConsentIn specific situations, we can collect and process your data with your consent, for example, when you tick a box to receive email newsletters.Contractual obligationsIn certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations. For example, if you order an item from us for delivery, we'll collect your address details to deliver your purchase, and pass them to our courier.Legal complianceIf the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data. For example, we can pass on details of people involved in fraud or other criminal activity to law enforcement.Legitimate interestIn specific situations, we require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.
For example, we may use your purchase history to send you or make available personalised offers on our websites. We also combine the shopping history of many customers to identify trends and ensure we can keep up with demand, or develop new products/services. We also indicate to customers similar items that other customers have purchased.
We may also use your address details to send you direct marketing information by post or email, telling you about products and services that we think might interest you.When do we collect your personal data?When you visit any of our websites, and use your account to buy products and services.
When you make an online purchase and check out as a guest (in which case we just collect transaction-based data).
When you create an account with us to purchase a product or service by phone, fax or email.
When you engage with us on social media.
When you download or install one of our apps.
When you contact us by any means with queries, complaints etc.
When you ask one of our sales representatives to contact you with information about a product or service.
Engagement during trade exhibitions when you request information to be sent to you on product or services.
When you enter prize draws or competitions.
When you choose to complete any of the surveys we send you.
When you comment on or review our products and services.
Any individual may access personal data related to them, including opinions. So if your comment or review includes information about a Camlab employee who provided that service, it may be passed on to them if requested.
When you fill in any forms.
For example, if an accident happens onsite, a Camlab employee may collect your personal data.
When you’ve given a third party permission to share with us the information they hold about you.
When you use our car park and site which has CCTV systems operated for the security of both customers and employees. These systems may record your image during your visit.
If you have an account with us: your name, company, industry type, VAT and Company registration number, billing/delivery address, orders and receipts, email and telephone numbers, depending on the account type (personal/business). For your security, we’ll also keep an encrypted record of your login password.
During an exhibition: name, phone number, email address company details. Details and nature of enquiry, and any other pertinent details.
Details of your interactions with us through head office, online or by using one of our apps.
For example, we collect notes from our conversations with you, details of any complaints or comments you make, details of purchases you made, items viewed or added to your basket, wish list choices, voucher redemptions, brands you show interest in, web pages you visit and how and when you contact us.
Copies of documents you provide to prove your age or identity (Including your passport and driver's licence where the law requires for sales such as chemicals and knives. This will include details of your full name, address, date of birth and facial image. If you provide a passport, the data will also include your place of birth, gender and nationality.
Details of your shopping preferences which help us to recommend items of interest.
Details of your visits to our websites or apps, and which site you came from to ours.
Information gathered by the use of cookies in your web browser. Please refer to our Cookie policy
Payment card information. For website transactions this information is passed directly to the payment gateway e.g PayPal, sagepay and amazonpay and is not stored on Camlab limited servers. For manual transactions credit card details are taken verbally and used to process payment on sagepay and then destroyed. No record is kept.
Your comments and product reviews.
Your image may be recorded on CCTV when you visit our site or car park. Your car registration number is recorded in our visitor book along with your name.
To deliver the best possible web experience, we collect technical information about your internet connection and browser as well as the country where your computer is located, the web pages viewed during your visit and any search terms you entered.
Your social media username, if you interact with us through those channels, to help us respond to your comments, questions or feedback.
What sort of personal data do we collect?If you have an account with us: your name, company, industry type, VAT and Company registration number, billing/delivery address, orders and receipts, email and telephone numbers, depending on the account type (personal/business). For your security, we’ll also keep an encrypted record of your login password.
During an exhibition: name, phone number, email address company details. Details and nature of enquiry, and any other pertinent details.
Details of your interactions with us through head office, online or by using one of our apps.
For example, we collect notes from our conversations with you, details of any complaints or comments you make, details of purchases you made, items viewed or added to your basket, wish list choices, voucher redemptions, brands you show interest in, web pages you visit and how and when you contact us.
Copies of documents you provide to prove your age or identity (Including your passport and driver's licence where the law requires for sales such as chemicals and knives. This will include details of your full name, address, date of birth and facial image. If you provide a passport, the data will also include your place of birth, gender and nationality.
Details of your shopping preferences which help us to recommend items of interest.
Details of your visits to our websites or apps, and which site you came from to ours.
Information gathered by the use of cookies in your web browser. Please refer to our Cookie policy
Payment card information. For website transactions this information is passed directly to the payment gateway e.g PayPal, sagepay and amazonpay and is not stored on Camlab limited servers. For manual transactions credit card details are taken verbally and used to process payment on sagepay and then destroyed. No record is kept.
Your comments and product reviews.
Your image may be recorded on CCTV when you visit our site or car park. Your car registration number is recorded in our visitor book along with your name.
To deliver the best possible web experience, we collect technical information about your internet connection and browser as well as the country where your computer is located, the web pages viewed during your visit and any search terms you entered.
Your social media username, if you interact with us through those channels, to help us respond to your comments, questions or feedback.
Purpose of the data we collect.Here’s how we’ll use your personal data and why:
To process any orders that you make by using our websites, apps, email, fax, or phone. If we don’t collect your personal data during checkout, we won’t be able to process your order and comply with our legal obligations.
For example, your details may need to be passed to a third party to supply or deliver the product or service that you ordered, and we may keep your details for a reasonable period afterwards in order to fulfil any contractual obligations such as refunds, warranties and so on.
To respond to your queries, refund requests and complaints. Handling the information you sent enables us to respond. We may also keep a record of these to inform any future communication with us and to demonstrate how we communicated with you throughout. We do this on the basis of our contractual obligations to you, our legal obligations and our legitimate interests in providing you with the best service and understanding how we can improve our service based on your experience.
To protect our business and your account from fraud and other illegal activities. This includes using your personal data to maintain, update and safeguard your account.
To protect our customers, premises, assets and employees from crime, we operate CCTV systems onsite and in our car park which record images for security. We do this on the basis of our legitimate business interests.
To process payments and to prevent fraudulent transactions. We do this on the basis of our legitimate business interests. This also helps to protect our customers from fraud.
If we discover any criminal activity or alleged criminal activity through our use of CCTV, fraud monitoring and suspicious transaction monitoring, we will process this data for the purposes of preventing or detecting unlawful acts. Our aim is to protect the individuals we interact with from criminal activities.
With your consent, we will use your personal data, preferences and details of your transactions to keep you informed by email, web, text, telephone, post and through our sales centres about relevant products and services including tailored special offers, discounts, promotions, events, competitions and so on. Of course, you are free to opt out of hearing from us by any of these channels at any time.
To send you communications required by law or which are necessary to inform you about our changes to the services we provide you.
For example, updates to this Privacy Notice, product recall notices, and legally required information relating to your orders. These service messages do not require prior consent when sent by email or text message. If we do not use your personal data for these purposes, we would be unable to comply with our legal obligations.
To display the most interesting content to you on our websites or apps, we’ll use data we hold about your favourite brands or products and so on. We do this on the basis of your consent to receive app notifications and/or for our website to place cookies or similar technology on your device.
To administer any of our prize draws or competitions which you enter based on your consent given at the time of entering.
To develop, test and improve the systems, services and products we provide to you. We’ll do this on the basis of our legitimate business interests. For example, we’ll record your browser’s Session ID to help us understand more when you leave us online feedback about any problems you’re having
To comply with our contractual or legal obligations to share data with law enforcement.
To send you survey and feedback requests to help improve our services. These messages will not include any promotional content and do not require prior consent when sent by email or text message. We have a legitimate interest to do so as this helps make our products or services more relevant to you. Of course, you are free to opt out of receiving these requests from us at any time by updating your preferences.
How we protect your personal dataWe know how much data security matters to all our customers. With this in mind we will treat your data with the utmost care and take all appropriate steps to protect it.
We secure access to all transactional areas of our websites and apps using ‘https’ technology. Credit/debit card details are not held on our system which uses an external payment gateway for maximum security. If requested by our staff for manual processing they are destroyed following completion of payment.
Access to your personal data is password-protected, and sensitive data (such as payment card information) is secured by SSL encryption.
We regularly monitor our system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and we carry out penetration testing to identify ways to further strengthen security.How long will we keep your personal data?Whenever we collect or process your personal data, we’ll only keep it for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected.
At the end of that retention period, your data will either be deleted completely or anonymised, for example by aggregation with other data so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.Who do we share your personal data with?We sometimes share limited personal data with trusted third parties. For example, delivery couriers, suppliers, service engineers, fraud management, complaint handling, EDI portal, distributors,
We provide only the information they need to perform their specific services. We ensure these companies have declared a commitment to complying with GDPR and PECR.
Examples of the kind of third parties we work with are:
IT companies who support our website and other business systems.
Operational companies such as delivery couriers.
Companies who help us manage our electronic communications with you, such as survey tools, email engines, sales tools.
Google/Facebook to show you products that might interest you while you’re browsing the internet. This is based on either your marketing consent or your acceptance of cookies on our websites. See our Cookies Policy for details.
We do not sharing your data with third parties for their own purposes:
For fraud management, we may share information about fraudulent or potentially fraudulent activity in our premises or systems. This may include sharing data about individuals with law enforcement bodies.
We may also be required to disclose your personal data to the police or other enforcement, regulatory or Government body, in your country of origin or elsewhere, upon a valid request to do so. These requests are assessed on a case-by-case basis and take the privacy of our customers into consideration.
We may, from time to time, expand, reduce or sell the company and this may involve the transfer of divisions or the whole business to new owners. If this happens, your personal data will, where relevant, be transferred to the new owner or controlling party, under the terms of this Privacy Notice.
A list of the companies we share data with is available on request.Where your personal data may be processedSometimes we will need to share your personal data with third parties and suppliers outside the European Economic Area (EEA). For example a direct shipment from the USA may require personal data to be transferred to the supplier who will be under the same obligations under GDPR as you are a citizen of the EEA.
All other data is handled within the UK apart from Data repositories such as mail chip and survey gizmo which state they comply with GDPR.What are your rights over your personal data?An overview of your different rights, you have the right to:
Access and to the personal data we hold about you.
Request a copy of any information about you that we hold at any time.
The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete.
To have your information corrected if it is inaccurate.
That we stop using your personal data for direct marketing (either through specific channels, or all channels).
Review by an employee of any decision made based solely on automatic processing of your data (i.e. where no human has yet reviewed the outcome and criteria for the decision, such as credit risk scoring).
To ask for your information, or to have your information amended, please update your online account, or contact our Customer Support team on 01954 233100.
If we choose not to action your request we will explain to you the reasons for our refusal.Your right to withdraw consentWhenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.Where we rely on our legitimate interestIn cases where we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your individual situation. We must then do so unless we believe we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue processing your personal data.Direct MarketingYou have the right to stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing activity through all channels, or selected channels. We must always comply with your request.Checking your identityTo protect the confidentiality of your information, we will ask you to verify your identity before proceeding with any request you make under this Privacy Notice. If you have authorised a third party to submit a request on your behalf, we will ask them to prove they have your permission to act.How can you stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing?There are several ways you can stop direct marketing communications from us:
Click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email communication that we send you. We will then stop any further emails from that particular division.
If you have a web account, log in into your ‘My Account’ area and change your preferences.
In our apps, you can manage your preferences and opt out from one or all of the different push notifications by selecting or deselecting the relevant options in the ‘Settings’ section.
Contact us direct by phone, fax or email.
Please note that you may continue to receive communications for a short period after changing your preferences while our systems are fully updated. Leaving our websitesPlease note that any external links on our websites or social media platforms are not the responsibility of Camlab ltd and once you click on a link to an external site it will be subject to that organisation’s privacy policies, and not Camlabs.Contacting the RegulatorIf you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can contact them by calling 0303 123 1113
.
Or go online to www.ico.org.uk/concerns
(opens in a new window; please note we can't be responsible for the content of external websites).
If you are based outside the UK, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence.