http://www.calacademy.org/privacy-policy/#rights
Jump to main content
The Academy is temporarily closed to the public. Learn more about our response to COVID-19.
0
Donate
Join
Tickets
California Academy of Sciences
Toggle smartphone navigation
Home
Visit
Closure Information
Hours & Admission
Getting Here
Tours
Groups
Dining
Academy Store
Plan an Event
Exhibits & Events
Aquarium
Planetarium
Rainforest
Natural History Museum
NightLife
Sleepovers
Lectures & Workshops
Learn & Explore
Academy @ Home
Meet Our Scientists
Scientific Expeditions
Creature Closeups
Specimen Spotlights
Citizen Science
Youth Programs
Apps & Interactives
Animal Webcams
For Educators
For Scientists
About Us
Major Initiatives
Vision & Values
Leadership
Sustainability in Action
Black Lives Matter
Support
Academy Resilience Fund
Membership
Donor Circles
Gift & Estate Planning
Corporate Engagement
Foundation Partnerships
The Hive
Annual Fundraisers
College Internships
Volunteer
Back to Scientists Home
Back to Educators Home
Toggle
Close
Search calacademy.org
0
Effective Date: October 14, 2020
This is the official privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") of the California Academy of Sciences ("Academy", "we", "us" or "our") and describes how we handle Personal Information (as defined below) you provide to us or that we collect from you through the use of our Website, which is located at www.calacademy.org, and any additional, replacement, substitute or backup websites and web pages that are associated with our website, including store.calacademy.org, www.biographic.com, www.bigpicturecompetition.org, and www.antweb.org (collectively, the "Website"), when you visit our museums, exhibits or other events, make inquiries or contact us through email or phone, subscribe to our mailing lists, make a donation to us, enter a sweepstakes/contest sponsored by us, respond to a survey or otherwise engage with us. iNaturalist is a joint initiative of the California Academy of Sciences and National Geographic Society that includes the iNaturalist.org website, iOS App, Android App, Seek by iNaturalist App, and iNaturalist Network Member websites (“iNaturalist”), and is subject to the iNaturalist Privacy Policy found at www.inaturalist.org/pages/privacy.
Personal Information
You can browse our Website without being required to divulge any Personal Information to us. Although we collect and maintain aggregate anonymous information about usage and visitors browsing our Website, no Personal Information is collected as part of this process.
When we use the term "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy, we mean information such as your first/middle initial or name, last name, e-mail address, street address, mailing address if different, town or city, state, zip code, telephone number, date of birth, credit card information, and any other information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you including information collected through cookies and other technology. We collect information from you when you voluntarily provide it, using automated technology, and through third party sources. We may combine data from third party sources including through other companies, exchanging mailing lists, database co-operatives, and referrals. We may collect Personal Information about you when you purchase an Academy membership, purchase Academy tickets, make a donation to the Academy, register for an Academy event, participate in an Academy contest or sweepstakes, and for similar business purposes. Personal Information also includes information collected and maintained through the use of our Website about your personal preferences, survey responses and your relationship with us (for example, if you are a subscriber to Academy eNews).
We collect information about you through your browser, computer hardware and software. This information can include your IP address, device ID, browser type, domain names, access times and dates, number of clicks, pages viewed, one or more cookies (as described below) that may uniquely identify your browser, and referring website addresses.
The Academy uses Personal Information that you provide in order to send you Academy eNews, provide you with information regarding the Academy and Academy services and opportunities by means of, but not limited to web, email, mail, text message, to process Academy memberships, advertising and marketing, including direct marketing, to administer and maintain our Website and, if applicable, your subscription to Academy eNews. When you provide us with this Personal Information, you are consenting to receive each issue of our Academy eNews and any related emails. You may subscribe or unsubscribe to Academy communications at any time by clicking the “Manage Subscription” link at the bottom of any email you receive from the Academy. Any credit card information you provide in connection with a transaction will be used only as needed to process that transaction.
If you are a subscriber, you must give us current, complete and accurate information and keep the information you provide to us up to date. We cannot and shall not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us current, accurate, truthful or complete information or you fail to update the information you give us.
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy or authorized by you via opt-in, the Academy does not share, sell, rent or lease any Personal Information that you provide with any unaffiliated third parties unless you authorize us to do so by opting-in. The term "unaffiliated third parties" or "third parties" does not include any subsidiaries or affiliates of the Academy. The exception to this Privacy Policy is that we may share your personal information with other Bay Area cultural organizations through mailing list exchanges, for which you will have the ability to opt out.
0
Sharing of Information with Third Parties
We share your personal information, including name, address, details of your membership, and transactions through mailing list exchanges with third parties such as Arts and Cultural organizations, Co-operative databases, and advertising trade organizations such as Encore: Museum Guide. These companies use the shared information for their own purposes including advertising and marketing. If you would like to opt-out of this sharing, please contact us at privacy@calacademy.org and request to be put on the Do Not Exchange list.
0
Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children or knowingly allow children to purchase goods or memberships through our website. Visitors 12 years of age and younger must obtain a parent or guardian’s permission before submitting any personal information to this or any other website. In the event that we learn that we have received any personal information from a visitor 12 years of age or younger, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have information from or about a child 12 years of age or younger, please contact us at legal@calacademy.org.
0
Unaffiliated Third Parties
Unless authorized by you through your opt-in, or as provided herein, we will make your Personal Information available to non-affiliated third parties only in the following circumstances:
If we are compelled to do so by a governmental agency, court or other entity (e.g., to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process);
If we believe your actions violate a law, regulation, this Privacy Policy or any applicable Website terms of use, or if you threaten the rights, property or safety of us, our Website, any other users or third party;
If, in our sole discretion, we believe disclosure is necessary to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, to protect our assets, to defend our interests or comply with our legal and regulatory obligations; or
If there is a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, transfer of control, joint venture or other business combination involving the Academy.
0
Use of Outside Vendors
We may from time to time retain qualified third-party vendors to help us manage the Website and allow us to better serve Academy visitors. These may include third-party vendors we engage to analyze the information we collect on the Academy Website, communicate with you, for marketing, targeted advertising, or other similar purposes.
0
Cookies
Cookies are small, removable data files that are stored on your computer's hard drive by your Web browser. A "web beacon" is a small object or image that is embedded into a web page, application, or email and is used to track activity. They are also sometimes referred to as pixels and tags.
When you visit our site, we and/or third parties collect information using one or more cookies, web beacons, pixels, or other automated technology to uniquely identify your browser, which allows us to keep track of your interactions with our Website and thereby enhance and personalize your online experience on the Website. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change the preferences of your browser so that it does not accept them.
To find more information about cookies and for instructions on how to disable them, please visit www.allaboutcookies.orgthe help section of your browser. By disabling cookies, you won’t be able to enjoy the convenience provided by our customization.
0
Advertising Disclaimer
We and/or third-parties including advertising companies, marketing entities such as NextRoll/Adroll, and service providers on our behalf, use cookies, web beacons and other similar technology, to collect information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy including advertising, analytics, online behavioral marketing, monitoring performance and improvement of our online services (traffic, errors, page load time, popular pages, etc.).
You may opt out of behavioral remarketing as follows: out through the Digital Advertising Alliance; or the National Advertising Initiative; or by using your mobile device settings.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies, which are covered by such third parties' privacy policies. For more information, we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn about their privacy practices.
0
Links and Third Parties
There may be opportunities through the Website from time to time to opt-in to receive information from non-Academy entities. If you opt-in, you may receive correspondence from these organizations on programs, products or services that might interest you. Your communication with these entities should be directly with such entities.
In addition, the Website may provide links to resources we believe may be useful. These links will lead you to websites operated by third parties that operate under different privacy policies. We encourage you to review those privacy policies, as this Privacy Policy does not apply to such sites, and we have no control over information you may submit to those third parties or how they may use the information you provide to them. We may use third parties, such as ad server companies, to present advertisements you may see on our Website, which may also include advertisements placed by third parties. These third parties may employ cookie and web bug technologies to measure advertising effectiveness. We have no control over such third parties’ use of technologies or their policies and practices concerning their collection and use of your information. Our Privacy Policy does not cover information collected by third parties, nor how they may use such information.
0
How We Protect Your Information
We are committed to protecting the Personal Information you share with us through use of our Website and we maintain reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your Personal Information. We limit access to the Website by our own employees to individuals who are authorized for the proper handling of such information and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality is subject to our disciplinary processes. We request our service providers to follow the same policy. Unfortunately, we cannot guarantee that data transmitted over the Internet will always be secure. As a result, although we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit or we may learn as a result of your use of our Website and you do so at your own risk. If, for any reason, you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use or attempt to take advantage of any of the information, services, features or functions of the Website that might require you to provide your Personal Information (e.g., subscribing to Academy eNews).
0
Your California Privacy Rights
Residents of the State of California, under the California Civil Code, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California, a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed Personal Information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. Except with respect to the limited exceptions described above, we do not share your Personal Information with any third parties for direct marketing purposes.
If you are a California resident and request information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices, you must send a request to the following address with a preference on how our response to your request should be sent (email or postal mail). Send an email to the Privacy Administrator at
privacy@calacademy.org or contact us via postal mail at:
California Academy of Sciences - Privacy Administrator
55 Music Concourse Drive
Golden Gate Park
San Francisco, CA 94118
Attn: Your California Privacy Rights
All requests sent via postal mail must be labeled "Your California Privacy Rights" on the envelope or post card and clearly stated on the actual request.
For all requests, please include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. (Your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email. Please include your zip code for our own recordkeeping.) We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, notices that are illegible or do not have complete information.
0
California Do Not Track Notice
Because there are not yet common, industry-accepted "do not track" standards and systems, the Site does not currently respond to Do Not Track signals. In addition, we may allow third parties to collect Personal Information from your activity on our website, as described in this Privacy Policy.
0
Revisions to This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without advance notice, by posting an updated and revised version of this Privacy Policy on the Website. The revisions are effective immediately upon posting and we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy often so you are aware of the most current terms and conditions that apply to you.
0
All Users
If any user of our Website or any subscriber has any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Administrator at
privacy@calacademy.org, or:California Academy of Sciences - Privacy Administrator
55 Music Concourse Drive
Golden Gate Park
San Francisco, CA 94118
This Privacy Policy was last modified on October 14, 2020
© Copyright 2020 California Academy of Sciences. All Rights Reserved.
0
Close
California Academy of Scoences
Giving Tuesday
Our doors are closed...
...but our penguins are still counting on you. Make a matched Giving Tuesday gift to support the care and conservation of the Academy’s animal residents.
All gifts up to $50,000 will be doubled to make twice the impact for our penguin colony — but only until midnight on December 1.
Match My Gift
Learn more about our closure.
Close
Welcome back!
The Academy is open to the public. All guests must reserve tickets in advance.
Please do your part to keep our community safe. Failure to follow any health and safety rules, posted signage, or staff instructions may result in your removal from the museum:
Masks must be worn properly by all guests ages 3+ at all times.
6' of physical distancing is required.
Some exhibits, including the planetarium, remain temporarily closed.
Reservations are required for the rainforest and Shake House.
Click the link below to view complete safety information and reserve timed-entry tickets. We hope to see you soon!
Ready, Set, Science!
Close
The Academy is temporarily closed.
The health and safety of our guests and staff is our top priority. As of November 29, the Academy is closed to the public until further notice in accordance with local and state public health guidelines. We hope to welcome you back soon.
Learn more