https://www.envirotreat.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are and how we deal with your data
Our website address is: https://www.envirotreat.com.
Envirotreat does not sell or pass on information to any marketing companies. We use any information provided to contact you in direct response to your enquiry, provide a quote or an invoice for work carried out or services provided.
If you wish any information we hold to be removed please contact our data protection officer  – simon.farr at envirotreat.com
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
We collect information from our contact forms for the purpose of responding to any enquiries you submit to us. The information that we collect includes the name, email address, phone number (if provided) and any other text information that you send to us.
Cookies
We use Google Analytics to gather information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/ policies/privacy/.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. We make sure to only collect anonymous information through Google Analytics.
How long we retain your data
If you submit a contact form through our website we will only store the data that you have provided us for as long as is necessary in order to deal with your enquiry. Obviously, if we are in contact beyond our initial email / phone conversation, then, this information will be kept longer and according to our policy of ‘as long as is necessary’.
Delivering land you can develop
Envirotreat are a specialist remediation solution provider and sole providers of E-Clay technology
Book A Consultation
sales@envirotreat.com | 01384 288876