http://www.tocris.com/support/terms-and-conditions-of-sale
Skip to main content
Home / Support / Customer Support / Terms and Conditions of Sale
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Bio-Techne Corporation
Protein Sciences Segment
Standard Terms & Conditions
Agreement. These are the Standard Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) under which brands in Bio-Techne Corporation’s protein sciences segment sell their products and services (each a “Product” and collectively, the “Products”). References to “Bio-Techne” are to only the respective subsidiary of Bio-Techne Corporation from which a party purchasing Products (“Purchaser”) is purchasing the respective Products and not to Bio-Techne Corporation or any other affiliate company owned by Bio-Techne Corporation.
A Purchaser will be subject to these Terms regardless of what method is used to submit its offer to purchase Products (“Order”). Some of Bio-Techne’s Products are subject to intellectual property licenses, software licenses, or other contract terms that Purchaser will not find here (“Supplementary Terms”).
If such Supplementary Terms exist for the Products being purchased, they will be found in a quotation, order acknowledgment, Product insert, or written agreement that accompanies or is associated with the Products. If Purchaser is uncertain if any Supplementary Terms exist for Products, Purchaser should contact Bio-Techne’s Customer Service. The Order, these Terms, and Supplementary Terms (if any) are sometimes collectively and individually referred to herein as the Agreement (“Agreement”).
Bio-Techne's acceptance of any Order by Purchaser is expressly conditioned on Purchaser's agreement to these Terms. Bio-Techne will not be bound by, and specifically objects to, any term, condition, or other provision which is different from or in addition to the provisions of this Agreement (whether or not it would materially alter this Agreement) which is proffered by Purchaser in any order, receipt, acceptance, confirmation, correspondence, or otherwise, unless Bio-Techne specifically agrees to such provision in a written instrument signed by Bio-Techne.
Purchase and Sale. Bio-Techne shall sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall accept and pay for, all Products ordered by Purchaser pursuant to an Order that has been accepted by Bio-Techne. All Orders are subject to acceptance by Bio-Techne either in writing or by shipping Products. Bio-Techne may accept any Order in whole or in part.
Purchaser acknowledges that any software programs included in the Products (the “Software”) are licensed to Purchaser under the terms and conditions of the click-through license agreement provided with the Software and that title to the Software (or any copies thereof) is not transferred to Purchaser. As used herein, the term “sale” or “sold” in connection with the Software means sale of a license to use the Software.
Transfer Prohibited. In the absence of an express written agreement to the contrary, (a) the purchase of a Product only conveys the nontransferable right to use the purchased Product in compliance with these Terms and any applicable Supplementary Terms; and (b) all Products are sold by Bio-Techne for the exclusive use of the Purchaser, and Purchaser has no right to resell, transfer, or convey to any other party, in whole or in part, any Products purchased hereunder. Without limiting the foregoing, Purchaser may transfer information or materials made through the use of a Product to a scientific collaborator, provided that such transfer is not for Commercial Purposes (as defined below), and that such collaborator agrees in writing (i) not to transfer such information or materials to any third party, and (ii) to use such transferred information or materials solely for research and not for Commercial Purposes.
Product Use and Restrictions.
Unless otherwise expressly stated in writing by Bio-Techne, (i) Purchaser may not use Products for Commercial Purposes; and (ii) all Products are for research use only, and not for human or animal therapeutic or diagnostic use. “Commercial Purposes” means any activity by a party for consideration and may include, but is not limited to: (1) use of Products or their components to provide a service, information, or data; (2) use of the Products or their components for therapeutic, diagnostic or prophylactic purposes or in connection with any Phase III clinical trials, pivotal trials or post registration clinical trials; or (3) resale of the Products or their components, whether or not such Products or their components are resold for use in research.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4a above, Purchaser hereby acknowledges that Products labelled “GMP” are sold for preclinical or clinical ex vivo use, and not for in vivo use. Purchaser agrees that Purchaser will not use the GMP Product in any procedure wherein the GMP Product may be administered to humans; provided, however, that Purchaser may use the GMP Product for such procedure (i) if Purchaser has obtained an Investigational New Drug (“IND”) exemption from the United States Food and Drug Administration and Purchaser uses the GMP Product only in accordance with the protocols of such IND and of the Institutional Review Board overseeing the proposed research; or (ii) with respect to GMP Product use outside the United States, Purchaser uses the GMP Products in accordance with the protocols of research approved by the Institutional Review Board or authorized ethics committee and regulatory agencies to which the Purchaser is subject in the territory.
Products are to be used only in accordance with instructions accompanying delivery of the Product. Products are not submitted for regulatory review or validated for clinical, therapeutic or diagnostic use, safety and effectiveness, or any other specific use or application unless expressly stated in writing by Bio-Techne or labelled as such. Purchaser is solely responsible for complying with all applicable laws, regulations and governmental policies when using Bio-Techne Products. Purchaser is solely responsible for obtaining all necessary approvals, permissions and/or licenses or intellectual property rights from applicable third parties as may be required for Purchaser’s research and any other intended uses. It is solely Purchaser’s responsibility to make sure the Products are suitable for Purchaser’s particular use.
As a material condition to Bio-Techne providing its Products to Purchaser, Purchaser agrees that it shall not, directly or indirectly, attempt to reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise perform any compositional, structural, functional or other analyses directed to learning the methodology, components, formulae, processes, make-up, or production of any Product or any portion thereof.
Order Confirmation and Duplication. Written confirmation of a telephone, fax, e-mail, electronic, or Internet Order is not required; however, if confirmation of an Order is sent by Purchaser, it shall be prominently marked – “CONFIRMING ORDER, DO NOT DUPLICATE”.
Duplicate shipments due to incorrectly marked confirming orders will be subjected to a returned products charge of 20% of the Products returned plus shipping charges (“Returned Products Charge”).
Shipment. Bio-Techne will pack the Products for shipment in a commercially reasonable manner and in accordance with the Product Datasheet. All shipments will be FCA (Free Carrier) Bio-Techne’s facility, according to INCOTERMS® 2010 as issued by the International Chamber of Commerce. If Purchaser has not specified a carrier in the Order, Bio-Techne may select the carrier but will not be deemed thereby to assume any liability in connection with the shipment nor will the carrier be construed to be an agent of Bio-Techne. Purchaser shall pay or reimburse Bio-Techne for all transportation, freight, insurance, loading, packaging and handling charges, taxes, duties, fees, storage and all other charges applicable to the Products. All shipments are subject to availability, and Bio-Techne may ship in installments. Bio-Techne will use commercially reasonable efforts to complete shipments as indicated in the Order, but Purchaser hereby acknowledges that shipment schedules are approximate and agrees that Bio-Techne shall not be liable for any damages or penalties for delay in delivery or for failure to give notice of delay for any reason.
Title. Title to the Products will pass to Purchaser upon Bio-Techne’s delivery of the Products to the carrier, subject to the limitations provided in this Agreement.
Price. Purchaser shall pay the prices specified in the applicable Order or, if no price is specified in the Order, the price set forth in Bio-Techne’s standard price list in effect on the date that Bio-Techne accepts the Order. All prices are subject to change without notice. Purchaser shall be responsible for all delivery and handling charges, taxes and other amounts payable to governmental authorities in connection with applicable transactions. These charges will be added to Purchaser’s invoice.
Tax. Sales tax will be added when shipping to jurisdictions where Bio-Techne is responsible for collecting sales tax unless the receiving party has exempt information on file with Bio-Techne. Purchaser shall be solely responsible for any applicable sales, use or similar tax and agrees to indemnify Bio-Techne for any such tax if not properly paid by Purchaser.
Purchaser is responsible to confirm that its account is set up properly and that any applicable exemption documents are provided.
Purchaser should contact Bio-Techne to correct or update its account information and should note any updates to this effect on applicable orders.
Payment. Payment terms are net 30 days from the date of invoice and in the currency specified on the invoice. Purchaser will only be charged for Products shipped. Products placed on back order will be charged when shipped. Any claim or counterclaim or set-off by Purchaser shall not justify Purchaser withholding payment unless otherwise agreed in writing by Bio-Techne. If Purchaser is late in making payment, Bio-Techne may, without affecting any other rights or remedies, suspend production, shipment and/or deliveries, cancel Orders, reject future orders, and/or charge a late payment fee, from the due date until paid, at the rate of one and a half percent (1.5%) per month (18% per year) or such lesser amount as is the maximum rate of interest allowed by law. Purchaser shall pay any and all reasonable costs, including attorneys’ fees, incurred by Bio-Techne in collecting any delinquent balance.
Inspection and Returns.
Purchaser may request to return Products that are damaged or defective upon delivery, but Purchaser must contact Bio-Techne’s Customer Service within 10 business days from the day Purchaser received the Products to request a return authorization (“Return Authorization”). Bio-Techne will not accept returns, and no credit will be issued, without a Return Authorization. Products must be returned within thirty (30) calendar days of receiving a Return Authorization and must be in their original containers with the original labels. Upon receipt of Products that have a Return Authorization, a credit for the original purchase price less the Returned Products Charge, if applicable, will be issued.
Non-delivery must be reported to Bio-Techne within fourteen (14) calendar days of the date of the invoice. Purchaser must report receipt of incorrect Products to Bio-Techne within ten (10) business days from the day Purchaser received the Products. If an error by Bio-Techne results in non-delivery or shipment of incorrect Products, Bio-Techne will, at its sole option, either ship, at no charge, the correct Products per Purchaser’s Order or credit Purchaser’s account for the original purchase price of the Products that were not shipped or were shipped in error, plus shipping charges.
If an error by Purchaser results in the shipment of incorrect Products and is reported to Bio-Techne within ten (10) business days from the day Purchaser received the Products, Purchaser may request a Return Authorization. Where Bio-Techne determines that the Product cannot be shipped back safely, Bio-Techne may, at its option, refuse to issue a Return Authorization or to issue any credit. Products must be returned within thirty (30) calendar days of receiving a Return Authorization and must be in their original containers with the original labels and unaltered in form and content. Upon Bio-Techne’s receipt of such Products, Purchaser will receive a credit for the original purchase price, less applicable Returned Products Charges.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) custom Orders are ineligible for cancellation or return; (ii) claims for loss or damage of Products which Bio-Techne determines occurred in transit must be made to the carrier and not to Bio-Techne; and (iii) discrepancies with items ordered through a Bio-Techne distributor must be handled with the distributor.
Privacy of Customer Data.
Bio-Techne maintains the privacy of its customers’ information in compliance with relevant law and in accordance with its Privacy Policy, as posted on its website and amended from time to time.
Export Controls and Related Regulations.
Products and information that Purchaser receives from Bio-Techne are subject to United States export control laws and regulations. Purchaser may not, directly or indirectly, sell, export, re-export, transfer, divert, or otherwise dispose of any such Product or information (including products derived from or based on Products or information received from Bio-Techne) to any destination, entity, or person prohibited by United States laws or regulations.
Purchaser represents and warrants that it is not designated on, or associated with any party designated on, any of the United States government restricted parties lists, including without limitation, the United States Commerce Department Bureau of Industry and Security (“BIS”) Denied Persons List; Entity List or Unverified List; the United States Treasury Department Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List; or the United States State Department Directorate of Defense Trade Controls (“DDTC”) Debarred Parties List. Purchaser shall comply with all applicable United States economic sanctions and export control laws and regulations, including without limitation, the regulations administered by OFAC, the Export Administration Regulations administered by BIS, and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations administered by DDTC.
Bio-Techne may terminate this Agreement and discontinue any ongoing supply to or business with Purchaser immediately, without notice and without liability, upon Bio-Techne becoming aware that Purchaser, or any party associated with Purchaser, is named on any restricted party list.
Limited Warranty. Unless a different written warranty is included with Product inserts accompanying Products, Bio-Techne warrants to the original Purchaser as follows with respect to each type of Product:
Reagent Warranty.
Bio-Techne warrants that each Product will meet the Specification set out on the Product Datasheet in respect of the Product when used appropriately under normal conditions and will replace all Products not conforming to the Specifications, provided that Bio-Techne shall not be liable under this warranty if the defect arises because the Purchaser has altered the Product in any way or failed to follow Bio-Techne’s instructions accompanying delivery of the Product. The warranty will last from the time delivery is made until the Product’s expiration or “use by” date or its specified number of uses.
Instrument Warranty. Bio-Techne warrants that the instrument purchased from Bio-Techne (the “Instrument”) will be free from defects in materials and workmanship during the applicable warranty period, provided that the Instrument has been operated at all times in accordance with the instruction manual and user guide by or under the direct supervision of a certified operator who has attended Bio-Techne’s training course for the Instrument. The warranty period for the Instrument terminates twelve (12) months after date of shipment.
Service Parts Warranty.
Bio-Techne warrants that the service parts purchased from Bio-Techne will be free of defects in materials and workmanship when used appropriately under normal conditions, only if such parts are installed by a Bio-Techne representative. The warranty period for the service parts is the greater of (i) the remaining warranty period of the Instrument, or (ii) ninety (90) days from the date of installation of the service part.
The warranties provided above and the remedies provided below will not apply to any Product if: (i) Bio-Techne determines that a problem is caused by accident, abuse, misuse, negligence, misapplication, fire, earthquake, flood, other force majeure event, failure of electrical power, the use of unauthorized parts or reagents, or unauthorized repairs or modifications; (ii) Bio-Techne determines that a problem is caused during or as a result of shipment or relocation; (iii) Bio-Techne’s serial number has been removed or defaced from the Product; or (iv) a problem arises from or is based on Bio-Techne’s compliance with Purchaser’s specifications.
For any breach of the warranties, Purchaser must notify Bio-Techne of the claim during the applicable warranty period. If Bio-Techne determines that the Product is defective and is covered by the warranty, Bio-Techne’s sole and exclusive liability to Purchaser and Purchaser’s sole and exclusive remedy for warranty claims hereunder will be, at Bio-Techne’s own expense and option, repair or replacement of the non-conforming Product.
Bio-Techne is not required to repair or replace any defective Instrument or service part if Purchaser has not returned a signed clearance certification provided by Bio-Techne, which requires Purchaser to certify that the Instrument or service part has been appropriately decontaminated and cleaned and is safe for handling by Bio-Techne personnel.
The warranty period for the repaired or replaced Product will not exceed the warranty period for the defective Product. The warranty period for any replacement parts, which may be new or reconditioned at Bio-Techne’s sole discretion, will not exceed the warranty period for the defective Instrument or service part.
THE ABOVE WARRANTIES ARE EXCLUSIVE, AND BIO-TECHNE MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF SUITABILITY, OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR REGARDING RESULTS OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF ANY PRODUCT, WHETHER ARISING FROM A STATUTE OR OTHERWISE IN LAW OR FROM A COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.
Any descriptions of the Products and any samples, Product inserts, online Product descriptions, and published catalogs, or similar material used in connection with the sale of Products are for the sole purpose of identifying the Products and are not to be construed as an express warranty that the Products will conform to such description. Any technical assistance provided by Bio-Techne is advisory only.
Limitations on Remedies.
IN NO EVENT SHALL BIO-TECHNE BE LIABLE TO PURCHASER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR LOST PROFITS OR REVENUE, HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER FOR BREACH OR REPUDIATION OF CONTRACT, TORT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT BIO-TECHNE WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS AND/OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENT BETWEEN BIO-TECHNE AND PURCHASER FOR THE PURCHASE OF THE PRODUCTS, BIO-TECHNE’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO PURCHASER ARISING FROM OR IN RELATION TO THESE TERMS, AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES OR THE PRODUCTS, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY PURCHASER TO BIO-TECHNE FOR THE APPLICABLE PRODUCTS.
IN NO EVENT WILL BIO-TECHNE BE LIABLE FOR THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS.
Indemnification. Purchaser shall hold harmless, indemnify and defend (at Bio-Techne’s request) Bio-Techne for any and all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including any costs of litigation, including but not limited to, attorneys’ fees and any other costs and expenses), fines, or losses in connection with any threatened or actual claims, actions, demands, investigations, or suits, including, but not limited to, claims or suits by third parties, arising out of any of the following: (a) Purchaser’s negligent or willful acts, or those of its employees and/or agents, (b) such Products being repaired or altered by persons other than Bio-Techne (unless expressly authorized in writing by Bio-Techne), (c) in the event that Purchaser modifies, or combines with any non-Bio-Techne goods or products, any of the Products purchased from Bio-Techne, and such modification or combination results in the actual or alleged infringement of any intellectual property rights of any third party, (d) from Products produced by Bio-Techne according to Purchaser’s specifications, (e) any violations of export control laws by Purchaser, or (f) Purchaser’s breach of any provision in these Terms. At Bio-Techne’s option, Bio-Techne will be entitled to retain separate counsel and all reasonable expenses and costs of such counsel shall be paid by Purchaser.
Confidentiality and Intellectual Property.
“Confidential Information” means any of Bio-Techne’s business information, specifications and all related writings, drawings, designs and similar works or any other information which is disclosed by Bio-Techne to Purchaser and labeled or marked as confidential, proprietary or its equivalent, or oral or visual information that is designated confidential, proprietary or its equivalent at the time of its disclosure. All Confidential Information shall be the exclusive property of Bio-Techne, and Bio-Techne retains all of its rights, title and interests. Purchaser agrees to use Confidential Information for the exclusive purpose of performing this Agreement. Purchaser shall not disclose or provide any Confidential Information to any third party and shall take all necessary measures to prevent any such disclosure by its employees, agents, contractors or consultants. Upon request of Bio-Techne, Purchaser shall return all Confidential Information to Bio-Techne.
Purchaser acknowledges that all intellectual property rights relating to Products, as between Purchaser and Bio-Techne, are solely and exclusively owned by Bio-Techne. Bio-Techne’s sale of Products to Purchaser only grants Purchaser a limited, non-transferable right, for Purchaser to use the quantity of Products bought from Bio-Techne in accordance with this Agreement. The act of Bio-Techne selling Products to Purchaser does not grant Purchaser a license to Bio-Techne’s intellectual property, or grant Purchaser the right to make or have made any Product or any portion thereof. The onus rests with the Purchaser to secure any required “freedom to operate” rights for other intended applications.
Any inventions (patentable or otherwise), discoveries, improvements, data, know-how or other results that are conceived, developed, discovered, reduced to practice, or generated by or for Bio-Techne, or jointly by Bio-Techne and Purchaser, will be and will remain Bio-Techne’s sole and exclusive intellectual property, and Purchaser shall transfer and assign, and hereby does assign, all of its rights, title and interests in and to any such joint intellectual property to Bio-Techne and assist Bio-Techne, at Bio-Techne’s request and expense, in securing and recording Bio-Techne’s rights in such intellectual property.
Force Majeure. Bio-Techne shall not be liable for any failure to perform this Agreement when such failure is due to circumstances beyond its control. Circumstances beyond the control of Bio-Techne include, but are not limited to, acts of God, governmental action, accidents, labor trouble, and inability to obtain materials, equipment or transportation.
Waiver. No oral statements, recommendations or assistance given by a representative and/or distributor of Bio-Techne to Purchaser or its representatives in connection with the use of the Products will constitute a waiver by Bio-Techne of any of the provisions hereof, or affect Bio-Techne's liability herein. Bio-Techne’s failure to exercise any rights under this Agreement is not a waiver of it rights to damages for Purchaser’s breach of contract and is not a waiver of any subsequent breach.
Governing Law/Disputes. Purchaser hereby agrees that the sole and exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any dispute with Bio-Techne, or in any way relating to these Terms or to Products purchased from Bio-Techne, is in the state and federal courts in the State of Minnesota. All disputes with Bio-Techne shall be governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota, without regard to provision on the conflict of laws. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to this Agreement or any other written agreement with Bio-Techne unless expressly stated otherwise. Purchaser further agrees and consents to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in these courts in connection with any dispute involving Bio-Techne or its affiliates, employees, officers, directors, agents and providers.
Any cause of action brought by Purchaser arising out of or relating to this Agreement or to Products purchased from Bio-Techne, must be brought within one year after such cause of action arose. Actions not commenced by Purchaser within one year are permanently barred. All notices to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be served on Bio-Techne at 614 McKinley Place NE, Minneapolis, MN 55413 with a copy to legal@bio-techne.com, or shall be served on Purchaser at any address to which Bio-Techne is directed to ship Products, or any other address as Purchaser may, from time to time, designate by giving written notice to Bio-Techne in accordance with this Section. This paragraph survives expiration or termination of this Agreement.
Miscellaneous. All provisions set forth herein regarding warranty, confidential information, indemnification, liability and limits thereon, and any other provisions that survive by their terms will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement and any other written instrument delivered in connection herewith pursuant to the terms of such sections. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under any present or future law, rule or regulation, such provision will be deemed stricken from these Terms but such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability will not invalidate any of the other provisions of these Terms. Purchaser may not assign, including by operation of law, its obligations hereunder without Bio-Techne’s written consent.
(September 2019)
*With the exception of customers in Australia; Azerbaijan; Belarus; Brazil; Chile; China; Egypt; Greece; Hong Kong, China; Italy; India; Israel; Japan; Jordan;
Lebanon; Korea; Malaysia; Mexico; Montenegro; New Zealand; Russia; Saudi Arabia; Serbia; Singapore; South Africa; Taiwan, China; Thailand; Turkey and United Arab Emirates.
Customers in these countries or regions are invited to contact their local Tocris distributor directly for their terms and conditions of sale.
For customers ordering from Bio-Techne UK
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
1.1 These Terms and Conditions of Sale (the "Terms") set out the terms on which you (the "Buyer") agree to buy pre-clinical life science chemical products (the "Products") from Tocris Cookson Limited (the "Company").
1.2 All orders accepted by the Company are accepted on the basis of these Terms. The Buyer agrees that these Terms shall apply to all future orders of Products and that these Terms shall be the only terms of the contract for the sale of Products between the Buyer and the Company (the "Contract"). All other terms and conditions (including any terms and conditions which the Buyer purports to apply under any purchase order, confirmation of orders, specification or other document) are excluded.
1.3 The Company is not bound by any statement or representation made about the Products in question by the Company before the formation of the Contract unless made fraudulently.
1.4 The Company is not bound by any special terms or variations or amendments of the Contract except where expressly agreed in writing.
PRICES
All prices quoted are exclusive of Value Added Tax, delivery and insurance and are accurate at the time the order is made. The Company reserves the right to increase the price of the Products for any reason on giving written notice to the Buyer prior to the Company's acceptance of any order, and to account for fluctuations in the costs of production and/or the supply of Products to the Buyer on giving written notice to the Buyer at any time prior to delivery.
PAYMENT
3.1 Payment is due within 30 days of the date of invoice. The Company reserves the right to charge interest at the rate of 4 per cent per annum above the HSBC base rate on overdue accounts. The Company reserves the right to require payment in advance of delivery or other form of security if appropriate.
3.2 Time for payment shall be of the essence.
3.3 No payment shall be deemed to have been received until the Company has received cleared funds.
3.4 All payments payable to the Company under the Contract shall become due immediately upon termination of the Contract despite any other provision.
3.5 The Buyer shall make all payments due under the Contract without any deduction whether by way of set off, counter claim, discount, abatement or otherwise unless the Buyer has a valid court order requiring an amount equal to such deduction to be paid by the Company to the Buyer.
DELIVERY AND CLAIMS
4.1 Any dates specified by the Company for delivery of the Products are intended to be an estimate and unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company, delivery of the Products shall take place at the Buyer's place of business.
4.2 Time for delivery of the Products shall not be essential to the Contract unless previously agreed in writing by the Company. If no dates are specified, delivery will be within a reasonable time.
4.3 If the Company tries to deliver the Products and the Buyer does not accept them for whatever reason, then, without affecting any other right or remedy available to the Company, the Company may store the goods until actual delivery. While the Company holds the Products under this clause the Buyer undertakes to pay the reasonable costs (including insurance) of storage.
4.4 Products shall be inspected immediately upon receipt by the Buyer. Any claim for incorrect quantities or types of Products delivered or Products damaged in transit shall be notified to the Company in writing within 5 days of delivery. Non delivery of the whole order must be notified to the Company within 14 days of receipt of invoice. Failure to observe these time limits will mean that the Buyer cannot make a claim against the Company and the Products shall be deemed to have been irrevocably accepted.
4.5 Subject to the other provisions of these terms, the Company will not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss (which terms include, without limitation, loss of business, loss of savings and anticipated savings, loss of contracts, depletion of goodwill and similar losses), costs, damages, charges or expenses caused directly or indirectly by any delay in the delivery of the Products.
4.6 Goods may not be returned except with the Company's written permission, and then only in strict compliance with the Company's return shipment instructions.
RISK AND OWNERSHIP OF GOODS
5.1 The risk in respect of the Products shall pass to the Buyer at the time of actual delivery, or if the Buyer fails to take delivery of the Products without good reason, at the time when the Company has attempted to deliver the Products to the Buyer.
5.2 Until the Buyer has paid all sums due to the Company for all Products which have been supplied:
5.2.1 The Products will continue to belong to the Company.
5.2.2 The Buyer will possess the Products as the Company's bailee.
5.2.3 The Buyer must store the Products separately and in such a way that they can be readily identified as the Company's property.
5.2.4 The Buyer must not destroy, deface or obscure any identifying mark or packaging on or relating to the Products.
5.2.5 The Buyer must maintain the Products in satisfactory conditions and keep them insured on the Company's behalf for their full price against all risks to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company. On request, the Buyer shall produce the policy of insurance to the Company.
5.2.6 The Buyer shall hold the proceeds of insurance referred to in condition 5.2.5 on trust for the Company and not mix them with any other money, nor pay the proceeds into an overdrawn bank account.
5.2.7 The Company shall have the right with or without prior notice at any time to take or retake possession of the Products (and for that purpose to go to any premises occupied by the Buyer or by any subsidiary, parent or associated company).
5.2.8 Subject to Clause 6 below the Buyer may sell the Products in the ordinary course of business at full market value but must account to the Company for the proceeds of sale.
5.3 Until the Buyer has paid all sums due to the Company for all Products which have been supplied the Buyer's right to possession of the Products shall terminate immediately if:
5.3.1 The Buyer has a bankruptcy order made against him or makes arrangement or composition with his creditors, or otherwise takes the benefit of any statutory provision for the time being in force for the relief on insolvent debtors, or (being a body corporate) convenes a meeting of creditors or enters into liquidation (whether voluntary or compulsory) except a solvent voluntary liquidation for the purpose only of reconstruction or amalgamation, or has a receiver and/or manager, administrator or administrative receiver appointed of its undertaking or any part thereof, or a resolution is passed or a petition presented to any court for the winding up of the Buyer or for the granting of an administration order in respect of the Buyer or any proceedings are commenced relating to the insolvency or possible insolvency of the Buyer.
5.3.2 The Buyer suffers or allows any execution, whether legal or equitable, to be levied on its property or obtained against it or fails to observe/perform any of its obligation under the Contract or any other contract between the Company and the Buyer or is unable to pay its debts under the meaning of section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986 or the Buyer ceases to trade; or
5.3.3 The Buyer encumbers or charges the Products.
5.4 The Buyer grants the Company, its agents and employees an irrevocable license at any time to enter any premises where the Products which are the subject of this Contract and which have not yet been paid for in full are or may be stored in order to inspect them or where the Buyer's right to possession has terminated, to recover them.
5.5 This clause does not affect any other rights or remedies the Company may have under the Contract, in particular the Company's right to sue for the price of the Products.
USE OF PRODUCT
6.1 All Products supplied are potentially hazardous and are strictly for research purposes only. The Products are not supplied for pharmaceutical, household, food, cosmetic or any other human use.
6.2 All Products supplied by the Company are strictly for use by qualified personnel trained in laboratory procedures and familiar with the potential hazards of such Products.
6.3 The Buyer warrants that its use of the Products will be in accordance with the above provisions of this clause.
6.4 The Buyer further warrants that it will test the Products and ensure their safety for the Buyer's intended use.
6.5 The Buyer hereby indemnities the Company against all claims including third party claims which may result from a breach by the Buyer of any of the provisions of this clause.
6.6 If the Buyer notifies the Company that it intends to use the Products for non-research purposes or any human use and the Company accepts in writing the order for the Products for that use, then the Buyer:
6.6.1 Acknowledges that the Products are potentially hazardous;
6.6.2 Warrants that it will test them in accordance with Clause 6.4 above; and the Buyer shall indemnify the Company against all claims including third party claims which may result from a breach by the Buyer of any of the provisions of this sub-clause.
6.7 Some Products are subject to restrictions on resale as imposed by the Company's licensors. The Buyer may therefore only resell any Products supplied to it by the Company with the Company's express prior written permission.
WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY
7.1 Subject to Clause 7.2 below, any data sheets, catalog descriptions, analytical information or other literature supplied or published by the Company in respect of the sale or marketing of the Products (including but not limited to on the Company's web site or in its sales brochures) are supplied or published by way of guidance only. The Company cannot guarantee and shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such materials and they shall not form part of the Contract in any event.
7.2 The Company shall provide the Buyer with a data sheet and analytical information relating to the specific Products delivered to the Buyer at the time of their delivery (the "Specification"). The Company shall have no liability for any alleged failure of the Products to materially conform to any Specification unless such failure is notified within 60 days of the Products being delivered.
7.3 If any of the Products are found not to be materially in accordance with their Specification the Buyer shall notify the Company within 60 days of their being delivered. Upon return of the relevant Products to the Company, or if agreed by the Company, the attendance at the Buyer's premises of the Company's representative, the Company will examine the relevant Products and if any are found not to materially conform to the Specification, the Company shall at its reasonable discretion either:
a) at its own expense replace the Products found not to be in accordance with the Specification; or
b) reduce the Contract price by an amount equivalent to that proportion of the price payable in respect of the Products found not to conform to the Specification.
7.4 The Buyer shall in any case accept and pay Contract price for all Products which conform in all material respects to the Specification.
7.5 The Company shall not be liable for any consequential loss suffered by the Buyer as a result of the failure of any Products to conform to the Specification or any loss of profits, business, goodwill, contracts, savings or anticipated savings.
7.6 The Company does not warrant that the Products are fit for any particular purpose of the Buyer and the Buyer shall be and remain responsible for the use to which it puts the Products at all times, including without limitation any use which may infringe the rights of any third party. The Buyer shall indemnify the Company against any loss or damage the Company may suffer as a result of any claims that the Buyer's use or unauthorizd resale of the Products infringes the rights of any third party.
7.7 Save as provided for in this Clause, the Company shall have no liability for any defect in the quality of the Products or their failure to correspond to any Specification, description or sample or to be fit for any purpose or the use to which they are put and all other conditions, warranties, stipulations and undertakings, whether express or implied by statute or common law are excluded to the fullest extent permissible by law.
FORCE MAJEURE
The Company reserves the right to defer the date of delivery or to cancel the Contract or reduce the volume of the Products ordered by the Buyer (without liability to the Buyer) if it is prevented from or delayed in the carrying on of its business due to circumstances beyond the reasonable control of the Company including, without limitation, acts of God, governmental actions, war or national emergency, act of terrorism, protesters, riots, civil commotion, fire, explosion, flood, epidemic, lock-outs, strikes or other labour disputes (whether or not relating to either party's work force) or restraints or delays affecting carriers or the inability to acquire or delay in the supply of adequate or suitable materials provided that, if the event in question continues for a continuous period in excess of 3 months, the Buyer shall be entitled to give notice in writing to the Company to terminate the Contract.
GOVERNING LAW
These conditions shall be subject to and construed in accordance with English Law. The parties agree that the English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction to hear any disputes relating to this Contract.
NOTICES
Notices may be given by either party to the other by sending them to the registered office of last known business address of the other party. Any such notice will be valid as sent by first class post or fax.
PATENT DISCLAIMER
No warranty is given by the Company that the use of the product for any purpose does not infringe any British or foreign patents.
SEVERENCE
Any provision of this Contract which is or may be void or unenforceable shall to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability be deemed severable and shall not affect any provision of this Contract.
WAIVER
No waiver or forbearance by the Company (whether express or implied) in enforcing any of its rights under this contract shall prejudice its right to do so in the future.
RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES
The parties to this Contract do not intend that any term of this Contract will be enforceable by virtue of the Contract (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 by any person that is not a party to it.
For customers ordering in Germany
All Tocris orders fulfilled by Bio-Techne are covered by the R&D Systems Terms and Conditions of Sale.
Geltungsbereich
Sämtliche Verkäufe und Lieferungen der R&D Systems GmbH ("R&D") erfolgen ausschließlich nach Maßgabe der folgenden Allgemeinen Verkaufs- und Lieferbedingungen ("Lieferbedingungen"), die der Käufer durch die Erteilung des Auftrages oder die Entgegennahme der Lieferung anerkennt. Sie gelten auch für alle zukünftigen Geschäfte mit dem Käufer. Die Geltung abweichender und ergänzender Geschäftsbedingungen des Käufers ist ausgeschlossen, auch wenn R&D diesen nicht ausdrücklich widerspricht.
Vertragsschluss
2.1 Die Angebote und sonstige Preisangaben von R&D sind freibleibend. Ein Vertrag kommt erst durch die schriftliche Auftragsbestätigung von R&D oder die Ausführung der Lieferung zustande und richtet sich ausschließlich nach dem Inhalt der Auftragsbestätigung und nach diesen Lieferbedingungen. Mündliche Abreden oder Zusagen bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit der schriftlichen Bestätigung durch R&D.
2.2 R&D behält sich alle Rechte an den Verkaufsunterlagen (insbesondere Abbildungen und Zeichnungen) vor. Sie dürfen Dritten nicht zugänglich gemacht werden und sind R&D auf Aufforderung unverzüglich zurückzugeben.
2.3 Der Außendienst von R&D kann keine Verträge abschließen und keine verbindlichen Zusagen hinsichtlich der Produkte oder sonstiger Konditionen machen.
Lieferfristen und -termine
3.1 Liefertermine und Lieferfristen sind nur verbindlich, wenn sie von R&D schriftlich bestätigt worden sind und der Käufer R&D alle zur Ausführung der Lieferung erforderlichen Informationen und Unterlagen rechtzeitig mitgeteilt bzw. zur Verfügung gestellt und etwa vereinbarte Anzahlungen vereinbarungsgemäß gezahlt hat. Vereinbarte Fristen beginnen mit dem Datum der Auftragsbestätigung. Bei später erteilten Zusatz- oder Erweiterungsaufträgen verlängern sich die Fristen entsprechend.
3.2 Unvorhersehbare, unvermeidbare und außerhalb des Einflussbereichs von R&D liegende und von R&D nicht zu vertretende Ereignisse – z.B. höhere Gewalt, Krieg, Naturkatastrophen oder Arbeitskämpfe ("Störungen") – entbinden R&D für ihre Dauer von der Pflicht zur rechtzeitigen Lieferung oder Leistung. Vereinbarte Fristen verlängern sich um die Dauer der Störung; vom Eintritt der Störung wird der Käufer in angemessener Weise unterrichtet. Ist das Ende der Störung nicht absehbar oder dauert sie länger als acht Wochen, ist jede Partei berechtigt, vom Vertrag zurückzutreten.
3.3 Die richtige und rechtzeitige Selbstbelieferung bleibt vorbehalten.
3.4 Verzögern sich die Lieferungen von R&D, ist der Käufer nur zum Rücktritt berechtigt, wenn R&D die Verzögerung zu vertreten hat und eine vom Käufer gesetzte angemessene Frist zur Lieferung erfolglos verstrichen ist.
3.5 Kommt der Käufer in Annahmeverzug oder verletzt er sonstige Mitwirkungspflichten, so ist R&D unbeschadet ihrer sonstigen Rechte berechtigt, die Produkte auf Gefahr und Kosten des Käufers angemessen einzulagern oder vom Vertrag zurücktreten.
3.6 R&D kann aus begründetem Anlass Teillieferungen vornehmen.
Versand, Gefahrübergang, Versicherungen
4.1 Soweit die Parteien keine anderweitige Vereinbarung getroffen haben, erfolgt die Versendung der Produkte auf einem angemessenen Versendungsweg in der üblichen Verpackung.
4.2 Die Gefahr geht mit der Übergabe der Produkte an den Käufer und beim Versendungskauf mit der Auslieferung der Produkte an die zur Ausführung der Versendung bestimmte Person auf den Käufer über. Verzögert sich die Übergabe oder die Versendung der Produkte aus vom Käufer zu vertretenden Gründen, so geht die Gefahr am Tage der Mitteilung der Versandbereitschaft der Produkte auf den Käufer über.
4.3 Versicherungen erfolgen nur auf Wunsch und auf Kosten des Käufers.
Preise, Zahlungsbedingungen
5.1 Haben sich die Parteien nicht auf einen bestimmten Preis geeinigt, so bestimmt sich der Preis nach der zum Zeitpunkt des Vertragsschlusses jeweils gültigen Preisliste von R&D.
5.2 Alle Preise von R&D verstehen sich – soweit nicht etwas anderes vereinbart ist – ab Lager Abingdon, England ausschließlich der jeweiligen gesetzlichen Umsatzsteuer sowie der Versendungskosten, die gesondert berechnet werden.
5.3 R&D ist berechtigt, für Teillieferungen im Sinne der Ziffer 3.6 Teil-Rechnung zu stellen.
5.4 Soweit zwischen den Parteien nicht etwas anderes vereinbart ist, wird jede Rechnung von R&D innerhalb von 30 Tagen ab Zugang der Rechnung ohne Abzug zur Zahlung fällig; bei erfolglosem Ablauf dieser Frist tritt Verzug ein. Zahlungen des Käufers gelten erst dann als erfolgt, wenn R&D über den Betrag verfügen kann.
5.5 Befindet sich der Käufer im Zahlungsverzug, ist R&D berechtigt, Verzugszinsen in gesetzlicher Höhe zu verlangen. Die Geltendmachung eines weiteren Verzugsschadens bleibt unberührt.
5.6 Wechsel und Schecks werden nur nach besonderer Vereinbarung und für R&D kosten- und spesenfrei erfüllungshalber hereingenommen.
5.7 Zur Aufrechnung ist der Käufer nur berechtigt, wenn sein Gegenanspruch unbestritten oder rechtskräftig festgestellt ist.
5.8 Zur Geltendmachung eines Zurückbehaltungsrechtes ist der Käufer nur insoweit befugt, als sein Gegenanspruch auf dem gleichen Vertrag beruht und unbestritten oder rechtskräftig festgestellt ist.
5.9 Wird R&D nach dem Vertragsschluss die Gefahr mangelnder Leistungsfähigkeit des Käufers erkennbar, ist R&D berechtigt, noch ausstehende Lieferungen nur gegen Vorauszahlung oder Sicherheitsleistung auszuführen. Sind die Vorauszahlungen oder Sicherheitsleistungen auch nach Ablauf einer angemessenen Nachfrist nicht erbracht, so kann R&D von einzelnen oder allen der betroffenen Verträge jeweils ganz oder teilweise zurücktreten. Die Geltendmachung weiterer Rechte bleibt R&D unbenommen.
Eigentumsvorbehalt
6.1 Die gelieferten Produkte bleiben bis zur vollständigen Bezahlung sämtlicher Forderungen von R&D aus der Geschäftsverbindung mit dem Käufer das Eigentum von R&D ("Vorbehaltsprodukte").
6.2 Bei laufender Rechnung gilt das vorbehaltene Eigentum zur Sicherung der R&D zustehenden Saldoforderung.
6.3 Der Käufer wird R&D jederzeit alle gewünschten Informationen über die Vorbehaltsprodukte erteilen. Zugriffe oder Ansprüche Dritter auf Vorbehaltsprodukte hat der Käufer R&D sofort und unter Übergabe der notwendigen Unterlagen anzuzeigen. Der Käufer wird zugleich den Dritten auf den Eigentumsvorbehalt von R&D hinweisen. Die Kosten einer Abwehr solcher Zugriffe und Ansprüche trägt der Käufer.
6.4 Der Käufer ist verpflichtet, die Vorbehaltsprodukte für die Dauer des Eigentumsvorbehaltes sorgfältig zu behandeln.
6.5 Übersteigt der realisierbare Wert der Sicherheiten die gesamten zu sichernden Forderungen von R&D um mehr als 10 %, so ist der Käufer berechtigt, insoweit Freigabe zu verlangen.
6.6 Kommt der Käufer mit wesentlichen Verpflichtungen – wie beispielsweise der Zahlung – gegenüber R&D in Verzug, so kann R&D unbeschadet sonstiger Rechte die Vorbehaltsprodukte herausverlangen und, nach Rücktritt vom Vertrag, zwecks Befriedigung fälliger Forderungen gegen den Käufer anderweitig verwerten. In diesem Falle wird der Käufer R&D oder den Beauftragten von R&D sofort Zugang zu den Vorbehaltsprodukten gewähren und diese herausgeben. Verlangt R&D die Herausgabe aufgrund dieser Bestimmung, so gilt dies allein nicht als Rücktritt vom Vertrag.
6.7 Auf Verlangen von R&D ist der Käufer verpflichtet, die Vorbehaltsprodukte angemessen zu versichern, R&D den entsprechenden Versicherungsnachweis zu erbringen und die Ansprüche aus dem Versicherungsvertrag an R&D abzutreten.
Beschaffenheit, Rechte des Käufers bei Mängeln, Untersuchungspflicht
7.1 Die Produkte weisen bei Gefahrübergang die vereinbarte Beschaffenheit auf; diese bemisst sich ausschließlich nach den zwischen den Parteien schriftlich getroffenen konkreten Vereinbarungen über die Eigenschaften, Merkmale und Leistungscharakteristika der Produkte ("Beschaffenheitsvereinbarung") und ist in dem bei Lieferung der Produkte ausgehändigten Technischen Datenblatt noch einmal angegeben.
7.2 Angaben in Katalogen, Preislisten und sonstigem dem Käufer von R&D überlassenen Informationsmaterial sowie produktbeschreibende Angaben sind keinesfalls als Garantien für eine besondere Beschaffenheit oder Haltbarkeit der Produkte zu verstehen; derartige Beschaffenheits- oder Haltbarkeitsgarantien müssen ausdrücklich schriftlich vereinbart werden.
7.3 Rechte des Käufers wegen Mängeln der Produkte setzen voraus, dass er die gelieferten Produkte unverzüglich nach Übergabe überprüft und R&D Mängel unverzüglich, spätestens jedoch zehn Werktage nach Übergabe, schriftlich mitteilt; verborgene Mängel müssen R&D unverzüglich nach ihrer Entdeckung schriftlich mitgeteilt werden.
7.4 Bei jeder Mängelrüge steht R&D das Recht zur Besichtigung und Prüfung der beanstandeten Produkte zu. Dafür wird der Käufer R&D die notwendige Zeit und Gelegenheit einräumen. R&D kann von dem Käufer auch verlangen, dass er die beanstandeten Produkte an R&D auf Kosten von R&D zurückschickt. Erweist sich eine Mängelrüge des Käufers als unberechtigt und war dies dem Käufer vor Erhebung der Mängelrüge erkennbar, so ist er R&D zum Ersatz aller in diesem Zusammenhang entstandenen Aufwendungen (z. B. Fahrt- oder Versandkosten) verpflichtet.
7.5 Mängel wird R&D nach eigener Wahl durch für den Käufer kostenlose Beseitigung des Mangels oder ersatzweise Lieferung mangelfreier Produkte (gemeinsam "Nacherfüllung") beseitigen.
7.6 Der Käufer wird R&D die für die Nacherfüllung notwendige angemessene Zeit und Gelegenheit einräumen. Nur in dringenden Fällen, zur Abwehr unverhältnismäßig großer Schäden oder wenn R&D mit der Beseitigung des Mangels in Verzug ist, hat der Käufer das Recht, nachdem er dies R&D zuvor mitgeteilt hat, den Mangel selbst oder durch Dritte beseitigen zu lassen und von R&D den Ersatz der hierfür notwendigen Kosten zu verlangen.
7.7 Rechte des Käufers bei Mängeln entfallen bei natürlicher Abnutzung oder Überschreiten des Verfalldatums eines Produkts, oder wenn Mängel aus vom Käufer zu vertretenden Gründen eintreten (z.B. aufgrund unsachgemäßer Behandlung oder Lagerung von Produkten, aufgrund von Verstößen gegen Anwender- und Betreiberpflichten nach Maßgabe der Medizinprodukte-Betreiberverordnung, aufgrund der Durchführung ungeeigneter Reparatur- oder Wartungsmaßnahmen oder aufgrund der Verwendung von Produkten entgegen ihrer Zweckbestimmung im Sinne von Ziffer 9.1), sofern die Mängel nicht von R&D zu vertreten sind.
7.8 Die zum Zwecke der Nacherfüllung anfallenden Transport-, Wege-, Arbeits- und Materialkosten übernimmt R&D.
7.9 Schlägt die Nacherfüllung fehl, ist sie dem Käufer unzumutbar oder hat R&D sie nach § 439 Abs. 3 BGB verweigert, so kann der Käufer nach seiner Wahl (i) nach den gesetzlichen Vorschriften vom Vertrag zurücktreten oder den Kaufpreis mindern und (ii) Schadensersatz gemäß Ziffer 8 oder den Ersatz seiner vergeblichen Aufwendungen verlangen.
7.10 Die Verjährungsfrist für die Rechte des Käufers wegen Mängeln beträgt zwölf Monate seit der Ablieferung der Produkte beim Käufer. Für Schadensersatzansprüche des Käufers aus anderen Gründen als Mängel der Produkte sowie hinsichtlich der Rechte des Käufers bei arglistig verschwiegenen oder vorsätzlich verursachten Mängeln bleibt es bei den gesetzlichen Verjährungsfristen.
Haftungsbegrenzung und Schadensersatz
8.1 Vorbehaltlich der Regelung in Ziffer
8.2. wird die gesetzliche Haftung von R&D für Schadensersatz wie folgt beschränkt:
(i) R&D haftet der Höhe nach begrenzt auf den bei Vertragsschluss typischerweise vorhersehbaren Schaden für die leicht fahrlässige Verletzung wesentlicher Pflichten aus dem Schuldverhältnis;
(ii) R&D haftet nicht für die leicht fahrlässige Verletzung nicht wesentlicher Pflichten aus dem Schuldverhältnis.
(iii) R&D haftet nicht für Schäden, wenn und soweit diese Schäden dadurch eintreten, dass der Käufer die Produkte in schuldhafter Weise entgegen ihrer Zweckbestimmung gemäß Ziffer 9.1 einsetzt und/oder schuldhaft Anwender- und Betreiber¬pflichten nach Maßgabe der Medizinprodukte-Betreiberverordnung verletzt.
8.2 Die vorgenannte Haftungsbeschränkung gilt nicht in den Fällen zwingender gesetzlicher Haftung (insbesondere nach dem Produkthaftungsgesetz) sowie bei Übernahme einer Garantie oder schuldhaft verursachten Körperschäden.
8.3 Der Käufer ist verpflichtet, angemessene Maßnahmen zur Schadensabwehr und Schadensminderung zu treffen.
Zweckbestimmungsgemäße Verwendung, Freistellung von R&D
9.1 Die Zweckbestimmung der Produkte ist gleichbedeutend mit der Verwendung, die von R&D in der Kennzeichnung, der Gebrauchsanweisung, dem Technischen Datenblatt oder den Werbematerialien der Produkte ausdrücklich bestimmt ist. Die Zweckbestimmung bezieht sich insbesondere auch auf die Modifikation von Produkten sowie die Kombination von Produkten mit anderen Medizinprodukten oder sonstigen Erzeugnissen, die durch R&D nicht ausdrücklich freigegeben sind, sowie auf etwaig festgelegte Verwendungsbeschrän-kungen der Produkte (z.B. als Allgemeiner Laborbedarf, Erzeugnis nur für Forschungszwecke ("Research-Only-Product")); eine Validierung von Produkten durch den Käufer hat auf die Zweckbestimmung im Sinne dieser Ziffer keinen Einfluss. Soweit die Produkte nicht mit der Kennzeichnung "für Invitro Diagnostik" versehen sind, dürfen sie nur für Forschungszwecke und den Laborgebrauch verwendet werden, nicht aber für den therapeutischen Gebrauch an Menschen und Tieren oder zur klinischen Diagnose.
9.2 Der Käufer stellt R&D im Innenverhältnis von allen Ansprüchen frei, die Dritte gegen R&D im Hinblick auf diejenigen Produkte geltend machen, die vom Käufer schuldhaft entgegen ihrer Zweckbestimmung verwendet wurden und/oder bei deren Verwendung der Käufer schuldhaft Anwender- oder Betreiberpflichten nach der Medizinprodukte-Betreiberverordnung verletzt hat, wenn und soweit ein solches Verhalten ursächlich für die Anspruchsentstehung geworden ist. Dies gilt auch für alle gerichtlichen und außergerichtlichen Kosten, die zur Wahrung der Rechte von R&D entstehen. Diese Freistellungspflicht besteht nicht, wenn und soweit die Inanspruchnahme auf einer schuldhaften und für die Anspruchsentstehung ursächlichen Verletzung vertraglicher oder gesetzlicher Pflichten durch R&D beruht.
Meldung von Vorkommnissen
10.1 Falls der Käufer in bezug auf Produkte von einem Vorkommnis i.S. der Medizinprodukte-Betreiber¬verordnung (wie in nachstehender Ziffer 10.2 definiert) Kenntnis erlangt, wird er den ihm nach dieser Verordnung obliegenden Meldepflichten nachkommen. Unbeschadet dessen ist der Käufer verpflichtet, R&D ein Vorkommnis unverzüglich, spätestens jedoch 24 Stunden nach Kenntniserlangung hiervon, unter Wahrung datenschutzrechtlicher Bestimmungen zu melden. Mündlichen oder telefonischen Meldungen muss spätestens innerhalb weiterer 24 Stunden ein schriftlicher Bericht an R&D nachfolgen.
10.2 Vorkommnis ist eine Funktionsstörung, ein Ausfall oder eine Änderung der Merkmale oder der Leistung oder eine Unsachgemäßheit der Kennzeichnung oder der Gebrauchsanweisung eines Medizinprodukts, die unmittelbar oder mittelbar zum Tod oder zu einer schwerwiegenden Verschlechterung des Gesundheitszustandes eines Patienten, eines Anwenders oder einer anderen Person geführt hat, geführt haben könnte oder führen könnte.
Allgemeine Bestimmungen
11.1 Änderungen und Ergänzungen des Vertrages und/oder dieser Lieferbedingungen sowie Nebenabreden bedürfen der Schriftform. Dies gilt auch für eine Abänderung dieses Schriftformerfordernisses.
11.2 Die Parteien sind sich des Risikos bewusst, dass sich einzelne oder mehrere Bestimmungen des Vertrages und/oder dieser Lieferbedingungen entgegen ihren derzeitigen Vorstellungen als unwirksam oder nichtig erweisen könnten. Auch in einem solchen Fall wollen die Parteien jeden Zweifel an der Wirksamkeit des Vertrages und/oder der Lieferbedingungen ausschließen. Auch bei Unwirksamkeit oder Nichtigkeit einzelner oder mehrerer Bestimmungen dieses Vertrages und/oder dieser Lieferbedingungen sollen der Vertrag und/oder diese Lieferbedingungen daher nicht nur im Zweifel, sondern stets wirksam bleiben. Die Parteien verpflichten sich in diesem Fall, die unwirksamen Bestimmungen durch diejenigen wirksamen Bestimmungen zu ersetzen, die dem wirtschaftlichen Zweck der unwirksamen Bestimmungen am nächsten kommen.
11.3 Ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand für alle Streitigkeiten aus dem Vertragsverhältnis ist das für den Sitz der R&D jeweils zuständige Gericht. R&D ist jedoch berechtigt, den Käufer an jedem anderen gesetzlichen Gerichtsstand zu verklagen.
11.4 Es gilt das Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland unter Ausschluss des Übereinkommens der Vereinten Nationen über Verträge über den Internationalen Warenkauf (CISG).
For customers ordering in France
All Tocris orders fulfilled by Bio-Techne are covered by the R&D Systems Terms and Conditions of Sale.
Définitions
"La Société" désigne la Société R&D SYSTEMS Europe Ltd.
"L´Acheteur" désigne toute personne, physique ou morale, qui propose ou accepte d´acheter les Produits.
"Le Contrat" désigne tout contrat passé entre la Société et l´Acheteur pour la vente et l´achat des Produits selon les présentes Conditions Générales de Vente.
"Le Bon de Commande" désigne toute offre faite par l´Acheteur d´acheter les Produits selon les présentes Conditions Générales de Vente.
"Les Produits" désignent tout produit décrit dans le Bon de Commande et dont les caractéristiques sont définies dans la Fiche de données techniques fournie par la Société.
Champ d´application des Conditions Générales de Vente
a. Aucun bon de commande établi par ou pour le compte de l´Acheteur n´est opposable à la Société tant que celle-ci n´a pas validé la commande par écrit ou télécopie (" Confirmation de Commande ").
b. Les présentes Conditions Générales de Vente sont applicables au Contrat. Elles constituent l´unique socle des relations d´affaires de la Société et prévaudront sur toutes autres conditions, imprimées ou non, auxquelles il serait fait référence dans un bon de commande ou tout autre document établi par ou pour le compte de l´Acheteur.
c. Le tarif catalogue de la Société et tout autre matériel publicitaire ne font partie d´aucun Contrat entre l´Acheteur et la Société.
d. Aucune modification ou dérogation aux présentes Conditions Générales de Vente ne pourra être admise sans l´accord exprès et écrit de l´un des administrateurs ou directeurs généraux de la Société. L´Acheteur reconnaît et accepte expressément ne devoir se rapporter à aucun autre engagement ou déclaration fait par la Société en acceptant de conclure le Contrat.
Utilisateur final
Les Produits objet du Contrat et la reproduction d´une partie quelconque de ces Produits, de quelque manière ou forme que ce soit, sont destinés à l´usage exclusif de l´Acheteur ou du service désigné par l´Acheteur aux termes du Contrat. En conséquence, l´Acheteur s´interdit de vendre, concéder une licence ou l´usage des Produits à un tiers, sans avoir obtenu l´accord préalable et écrit de la Société. De même, l´Acheteur s´interdit de copier tout ou partie des Produits au profit d´un autre service que celui désigné au Contrat sans avoir obtenu l´autorisation préalable et écrite de la Société.
Conditions d´utilisation
a. A l´exception des Produits identifiés par une étiquette indiquant expressément une utilisation In Vitro, les Produits fournis par la Société sont destinés à la recherche et l´expérimentation. En aucun cas, les Produits ne doivent être utilisés chez l´homme ou l´animal à des fins thérapeutiques, ni en vue de la fabrication d´un produit destiné à la vente ou l´usage par à un tiers, sans l´accord préalable et écrit de la Société. Les Produits ne sont pas préconisés pour le diagnostic clinique.
b. La Société recommande à l´Acheteur et tout utilisateur des Produits "Designer Gene" et "Designer Probe" de suivre les instructions générales N.I.H. publiées le 7 juillet 1986 au Registre Fédéral des Etats-Unis d´Amérique, Volume 41, Numéro 131, ainsi que tous amendements qui s´y rapportent. Sous réserve des dispositions de l´article 11 des présentes Conditions Générales, la Société exclut toute responsabilité pour tout dommage ou préjudice lors de l´utilisation des Produits découlant de l´absence de suivi de ces instructions jointes lors de la livraison des Produits.
Prix
a. Les Produits sont fournis au prix fixé sur la base du tarif de la Société en vigueur à la date d´expédition de la commande. Ce prix est indiqué sur la facture envoyée à l´Acheteur. Les prix sont modifiables sans préavis afin de tenir compte de l´augmentation des coûts.
b. Les prix sont stipulés hors Taxe sur la Valeur Ajoutée (TVA) et hors toutes autres taxes l ocales sur la vente. Les frais d´expédition [et d´assurance] sont à la charge de l´Acheteur en sus et sont inclus dans la facture.
Conditions de règlement
a. Les conditions de paiement de la Société sont à 30 (trente) jours, de la date de la facture, sans aucune réduction, sauf indication contraire accordée par écrit par la Société. Toute réclamation, demande reconventionnelle ou de compensation formulée par l´Acheteur ne pourra justifier un refus de paiement.
b. La Société sera en droit de percevoir de intérêts sur les montants facturés et demeurés impayés au-delà de 30 (trente) jours à compter de la date de facturation, et ce à un taux de 4% par an en sus de taux de base de la Barclays Bank plc pour la période comprise entre la date d´échéance et celle de réception du paiement par la Société.
c. Si l´Acheteur n´exécute pas son obligation de paiement conformément aux dispositions du présent article, la Société pourra suspendre toutes commandes en cours, ou résilier le Contrat ou toute autre convention avec l´Acheteur, sans préjudice de ses droits à dommages et intérêts.
d. Tous les règlements doivent être effectués dans la Devise indiquée sur la facture, au moyen d´un instrument de paiement tiré sur une banque établie en France ou tout autre instrument de paiement accepté par la Société.
Livraison
a. Les produits commandés sont expédiés à l´adresse indiquée par l´Acheteur sur le Bon de Commande (" Adresse de livraison "). La livraison s´effectuera CPT à l´Adresse de livraison.
b. La Société mettra en œuvre tous les moyens raisonnables pour livrer les Produits conformément aux dates spécifiées, mais un manquement au respect de ces dates ne constituera pas une violation du Contrat.
c. Le transfert des risques et de la propriété à l´Acheteur intervient lors de la livraison des Produits au transporteur.
d. L´Acheteur devra examiner les Produits lors de la livraison, pour tout dommage apparent ou livraison partielle, et toute réclamation pour avaries ou manquants doit être notifiée à la Société dans un délai de 10 jours à compter de la date de livraison.
e. Le défaut de livraison doit être notifié à la Société dans un délai de 14 jours suivant le premier des dates suivantes, date de facturation ou date indiquée pour la livraison.
f. A défaut de réserves émises par l´Acheteur conformément au présent article, les Produits livrés sont réputés conformes en qualité et en quantité à la Confirmation de Commande ; l´Acheteur est alors déchu de tout droit de réclamation concernant les Produits livrés, et est tenu de payer le prix.
Fiche de données techniques
a. A la livraison des Produits, la Société fournit à l´Acheteur une Fiche de données techniques. La Société garantit que chaque Produit sera conforme aux caractéristiques indiquées dans la Fiche de données techniques du Produit, et remplacera tous les Produits non conformes aux caractéristiques, sous réserve que la Société ne sera pas tenue de cette garantie si le défaut résulte du fait que l´Acheteur a modifié le Produit, et ce de quelque manière que ce soit, ou qu´il n´a pas suivi les instructions jointes au Produit lors de la livraison.
b. Retour de Produits
Toute réclamation relative à la non-conformité des Produits aux caractéristiques doit être notifiée à la Société dans un délai de 14 jours à compter de la date de la première utilisation. Cette réclamation devra mentionner obligatoirement le numéro de facture et le numéro de lot du Produit. La Société aura le droit d´examiner toutes les réclamations concernant un Produit qui ne présente pas les caractéristiques requises, avant qu´un retour du Produit ne soit autorisé.
c. Lorsque l´Acheteur notifie à la Société une réclamation, en application des articles 7 et 9, la Société est exclusivement tenue au remplacement des Produits manquants ou défectueux ou au remboursement du prix intégral de vente, le choix entre l´une de ces options étant laissé à la libre appréciation de la Société.
Annulation
Le Contrat ne peut être annulé, sauf avec l´accord de la Société, et selon des conditions qui indemniseront la Société de toutes les pertes qu´elle pourrait subir.
Contrôle des exportations
Il vous appartient de respecter les lois, règles, traités, règlements et accords internationaux en vigueur au Royaume Uni et aux USA s´appliquant aux Produits. Vous reconnaissez et acceptez expressément que les Produits ne peuvent être exportés, réexportés, transférés, vendus, réputés avoir été exportés, détournés ou en quelque façon cédés (i) dans (ou à un ressortissant ou résident de) tout pays soumis à un embargo ou à des restrictions commerciales britanniques ou américains ; ou (ii) à toute personne figurant sur la liste de ressortissants expressément désignés du Ministère des Finances américain ou la liste de personnes ou d'entités refusées, non vérifiées ou interdites du Ministère du commerce américain ; ou (iii) dans tout pays où les USA ou le Royaume Uni ou un de leurs organismes exigent une licence d´exportation ou l´approbation gouvernementale lorsqu´une telle licence ou approbation n´ont pas été obtenues au préalable.
En utilisant les Produits vous acceptez ce qui précède et vous déclarez et garantissez que (i) vos privilèges d´exportation n´ont été suspendus, révoqués ou interdits par aucune agence britannique ou américaine, (ii) que vous n'êtes pas situés dans, ni sous le contrôle d´un ressortissant ou résident d'un tel pays ou que vous ne figurez pas sur ce type de liste, et (iii) vous n´exporterez ni ne réexporterez les Produits vers des pays, personnes, entités ou utilisateurs finaux interdits, tel que cela est précisé par les organismes de contrôle de l'exportation et les sanctions commerciales britanniques et américains.
Limitation de responsabilité
a. Les présentes Conditions Générales ne peuvent avoir pour effet d´exclure ou de limiter la responsabilité de la Société en cas de décès ou de dommages corporels résultant de la faute lourde de la Société, ou en cas de fraude ou de violation des dispositions de l´article 20.
b. Sous réserve des dispositions des articles 11.a et d, la Société ne peut en aucun cas être responsable des pertes de bénéfices, pertes commerciales, pertes de données, manque à gagner ou pertes de temps pour le personnel de l´Acheteur, ou tout autre dommage direct ou indirect, prévisible ou imprévisible, futur ou actuel, résultant d´une négligence, d´une inexécution du Contrat, ou de tout autre évènement, même si l´Acheteur était averti ou avait connaissance de la probabilité de la survenance de ce dommage ou de ce type de dommage.
c. Sous réserve des dispositions des articles 11.a et d, dans le cas de mise en cause de la r esponsabilité tant contractuelle que délictuelle de la Société, sa responsabilité sera limitée au prix des Produits visés par la réclamation.
d. Les dispositions des articles 11.b et c ne trouveront pas à s´appliquer lorsque l´Acheteur aura notifiée à la Société par écrit les risques dont l´Acheteur exige la couverture du dommage par une assurance et que l´Acheteur paie à la Société le montant de la prime correspondant (à déterminer par la Société).
e. Sauf stipulation contraire dans les présentes Conditions Générales de Vente, toutes les conditions et garanties prévues expressément ou implicitement, par écrit ou verbalement, par la loi, la jurisprudence, la coutume, le courant d´affaires ou autre, ne sont pas applicables au Contrat, sauf accord exprès et écrit de la Société.
Force majeure
La Société ne sera pas tenue responsable en cas de mauvais fonctionnement des Produits ou de retard dans la fabrication, la fourniture ou la livraison des Produits, résultant de causes indépendantes de sa volonté, à l´inclusion et sans limitation aucune de cas de force majeure, Faits du Prince, lois, guerres, incendies, inondations, sécheresse, actes de terrorisme, défaut d´approvisionnement en énergie, lock-out, grèves ou toute autre action mise en œuvre par les salariés faisant valoir des revendications sociales ou impossibilité de s´approvisionner en matériaux nécessaires à l´exécution du Contrat.
Renonciation et Nullité partielle
a. Le fait que la Société ne se prévale pas d´une application stricte des dispositions des conditions générales ne pourra être interprété comme valant renonciation par elle-même à se prévaloir de ses droits et recours et ne saurait être considéré comme une renonciation par la Société concernant une future défaillance de l´Acheteur.
b. Dans le cas où l´une des dispositions des conditions générales serait déclarée nulle ou sans effet, cette disposition serait réputée non écrite, sans que cela n´affecte la validité des autres dispositions.
Cession
Le Contrat ne peut être cédé à un tiers sans l´accord écrit de la Société et de l´Acheteur.
Résiliation du ContratLa Société pourra immédiatement résilier le Contrat, par une notification écrite à l´Acheteur, sans encourir de responsabilité à l´égard de l´Acheteur et sans préjuger les droits de la Société acquis jusqu´à la date de résiliation, dans l´hypothèse où l´Acheteur :
1) viole le Contrat, et lorsque la violation peut être remédiée, ne l´a pas fait un délai de 7 jours après notification par la Société précisant la violation et exigeant qu´il y soit remédié ; ou
2) sous réserve des dispositions légales du pays de l´Acheteur, est insolvable, qu´un administrateur est désigné pour gérer tout ou partie de son activité ou de son actif, qu´une résolution de dissolution anticipée est adoptée, qu´un accord amiable est conclu avec ses créanciers ou toute procédure similaire aux précédents démarre dans toute juridiction ou s´il cesse ou menace de cesser son activité.
Droits des tiers
Un tiers au Contrat ne saurait faire obstacle à sa modification, annulation ou résiliation, ni pour exiger l´exécution d´une obligation à son profit, sauf stipulation expresse contraire.
Droit applicable
L´interprétation et l´exécution des Conditions Générales sont soumises au droit anglais. Les parties acceptent de se soumettre à la compétence exclusive des Tribunaux anglais, sous réserve de la saisine par l´une des parties d´un Tribunal compétent pour traiter des procédures d´urgence ou en référé.
Désignation des articles
L´intitulé des articles des présentes conditions générales est indiqué dans le seul but de faciliter la lecture du document et n´a aucune incidence sur l´interprétation des clauses.
Notification
Toute notification ou document requis ou autorisé par les conditions générales devra être adressé par courrier pré-affranchi, par télégramme ou télécopie à l´adresse de la partie concernée figurant au Contrat. Toute notification envoyée par la voie postale sera considérée, en l´absence de preuve de réception antérieure, avoir été reçue deux jours ouvrables après l´envoi. Pour prouver la date d´envoi, il suffira de produire l´enveloppe contenant la notification correctement libellée, timbrée et oblitérée. Toute notification envoyée par télégramme ou télécopie sera considérée avoir été reçue le premier jour ouvrable suivant l´envoi. Pour les besoins du présent article, les " jours ouvrables " signifient : du lundi au vendredi à l´exclusion des jours fériés anglais.
Droit de la Société de vendre les Produits
a. La Société reconnaît que le Contrat est conclu sous la condition suspensive d´une autorisation de vendre les Produits à l´Acheteur.
b. La Société garantit que :
1) les Produits vendus sont libres de tout gage et nantissement et resteront libres lors du transfert de propriété à l´acheteur, conformément aux dispositions de l´article 8.
2) l´Acheteur aura la jouissance paisible des Produits.
Need help?
×
How can we help you?
Close
Start Chat
PRODUCT AVAILABILITY: Update Regarding the Evolving COVID-19 Situation
Bio-Techne appreciates the critical role that you and our products and services play in research efforts to further scientific innovation and discovery. We are continually assessing our manufacturing and supplier capabilities during the COVID-19 situation and are implementing precautionary measures to ensure uninterrupted supply of products and services. Currently, and as we abide by local shelter in place orders across the world, we are fully operational and do not anticipate any material supply disruptions across our Bio-Techne brands and product lines. As the situation evolves, our goal is to utilize preventive measures to reduce the threat that COVID-19 poses to our ability to meet the needs of our customers globally.
Bio-Techne
WHERE SCIENCE INTERSECTS INNOVATIONTM
Close
Please complete a customer inquiry form if you don't find the answer you are looking for.
Alternatively, please contact us for further information and assistance.
Tocris is a Bio-Techne brand. To find out more please visit our news page.
© Copyright 2020 Tocris Bioscience. All Rights Reserved. Privacy and Cookie Policy | Site Map