http://www.dhigroup.com/privacy
Toggle navigation
Areas of expertise
Our areas of expertise
Our expertise spans all water environments –
from rivers and reservoirs, to oceans and coastlines, to cities and factories.
We have a 50-year track record in developing and implementing solutions that meet real-life challenges in water environments worldwide.
So whether you need to save water, share it fairly, improve its quality, quantify its impact or manage its flow, we can help.
All our areas of expertise
Aquaculture
Agriculture
Energy
Climate change
Coast and marine
Surface and groundwater
Urban water
Industry
Environment and ecosystems
Product safety and environmental risk
Mining
Business Applications
Business Apps
One-stop solutions for your water challenges
Plan new flood protection measures, assess beach design ideas, forecast oil spills, manage a vessel’s biosecurity risk and more with specialised applications that truly put the power in your hands.
All Business Applications
ClimADAPT
Coastal Screener
FloodRisk
GlobalSEA Oil Spill
MUSE
NatCatEye
PlumeCast
Vessel-Check
Data Portals
Data Portals
On-demand data for water environments
Support your projects with easy access to high-quality water depth, metocean and marine animal movement data whenever you need it.
All Data Portals
Global Hydrological Model
MetOcean Data Portal
Marine Animal Movement Portal
Bathymetrics Data Portal
Current Sea API
Operational Services
Operational Services
Real-time optimisation and management platforms customised for your business
Make critical water-related decisions in real-time to optimise planning, operations and control through the powerful integration of data collection, analytics and modelling technology.
All Operational Services
Future City Flow
MIKE Mine
SeaPort OPX
TwinPlant
References
MIKE Software
Academy
Careers
About us
Contact us
News
Newsletters
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
Innovation
Home
privacy
Privacy policy
At DHI ("DHI",
"we" or “us”) data protection and confidentiality is a high priority.
This privacy policy sets out clear guidelines for how DHI processes your
personal data. Further, we explain how we use the personal data that you leave
and/or provide when you visit our websites or when you interact with us with
various business relations.
1. Data controller and contact information
This website is operated and owned by:
DHI A/S
Agern Alle 5
2970 Hørsholm
CVR no: 36466871
+45 4516 9200
info@dhigroup.com
2. Collection of personal data
You will always be
informed in connection with collection of personal data about you. The personal
data collected by us may include, for instance, your name, your email address, IP address and similar identification data, including information about your navigation on
the website.
In connection with
the submission of your data it will always be stated whether the submission is
voluntary or necessary for completing the desired action.
Your personal data is collected in one or several of the below cases:
When you sign up for DHI newsletter. The legal basis for such processing is the GDPR art.
6(1)(a).
When you use DHI’s websites. The
legal basis for such processing is the GDPR art. 6(1)(f). The legitimate
interest under (f) is for us to improve our websites and to understand how our
users use the websites.
When
you download our software or applications. The legal basis for such processing is the GDPR art.
6(1)(b).
When you sign up for an event. The legal basis for such processing is the GDPR art. 6(1)(b).
When you sign up for an online or physical
training course. The
legal basis for such processing is the GDPR art. 6(1)(b).
When you download our eBooks. The legal basis for such processing is the GDPR art.
6(1)(b).
When you create an account at DHI
webshops.  The legal
basis for such processing is the GDPR art. 6(1)(b).
When you buy products or services at our
webshops. The legal basis for such processing is the GDPR art.
6(1)(b).
When you contact us. The legal basis
for such processing is the GDPR art. 6(1)(b) and/or (f). The legitimate
interest under (f) is for us to be able to respond to your inquiry.
When DHI provides you or the company you represent with consultancy services. The legal basis for such processing is the GDPR art. 6(1)(b).
When you participate in voluntary follow-up interviews with the purpose of improvement, quality review, etc. of DHI’s products and services and thus following to the provision of such products and services to you or the company you represent. The legal basis for such processing is the GDPR art. 6(1)(f).
If you use your email address in more than one of the
above cases, your personal data will only be collected and registered in one
place. This way your information is already stored when you interact with us,
and you will not receive the same marketing material from DHI more than once.
3. Use of personal data
We will use personal information only in ways that are compatible with the
purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorised by you. DHI will
take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is relevant to its
intended use, accurate, complete, and current.
Please note, that we will only use your personal data
to send marketing material if you have given your explicit consent, unless legislation
allows us to contact you without your prior consent.
DHI keeps statistics about which areas of the site our
users visit. This information is used to improve the website. We do use data
about how our users navigate, to better understand how our users use our websites and from that we
try to improve the user experience. Furthermore, we collect information about
what our users, as a unit, prefer. This information is also used to improve the
website. We do not sell or otherwise disclose information about how our users
navigate and use our website.
4. Sharing of personal data
We do not transfer your personal data to any third parties, except for what
is described in this section, without your consent.
Your personal data may be disclosed to partners of DHI (providers who
deliver services on behalf of DHI), for example IT service providers, and in
relation to sending out newsletters. These partners only process the personal
data on behalf of DHI and in accordance with DHI’s instructions. Furthermore,
your personal data may be shared with business partners, e.g. freight
companies, for the delivery of goods you buy in our webshop.
Your personal data may also be shared within the DHI group with all DHI
affiliated companies. A list of all affiliated companies may be found on the
following link: https://www.dhigroup.com/privacy/sharing-of-personal-data#companies
Under specific circumstances and with reference to legislation, it might be
necessary to transfer information to public authorities or the police.  For example, information may be disclosed to
the police in case of suspicion of credit card fraud.
In the case of a
re-organization, full or partial sale of the company, any disclosure in such
connection will be in accordance with current legislation for the processing of
personal data.
If your personal data are transferred to data controllers or data
processors, which are located in countries outside the EU/EEA not ensuring an
adequate level of data protection, such transfers will be adequately
safeguarded by DHI, e.g. via the EU Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses. Please contact us if you wish further information.
5. Deletion of personal data
We will delete
your personal data when we no longer need to process them in relation to one or
more of the purposes set out above. However, the data may be processed and
stored for a longer period in anonymized form.
We take appropriate
measures to ensure that we process and store your personal data based on:
as a minimum for the
time period in which we deliver a service to you,
in accordance with
law, contract, or our legal obligations,
or as long as the
data are necessary in order for the purposes for which they are collected, or
longer if it is required by contract, applicable law, or for statistical
purposes governed by appropriate security measures.
6. Cookies
We use cookies on our website. You can read more about the use of cookies in our Cookie Policy, which you can find on the following link: https://www.dhigroup.com/cookie-page
7. Security
We have implemented security measures to ensure that our internal procedures meet our high security policy standards. For example, we use encryption. Further, we strive to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience when processing your personal data. In the event of physical or technical incidents, we make every effort to restore the availability and access to your personal data in a timely manner. We also have processes for assessing and evaluating the effectiveness in order to ensure that the security level is sufficient.
8. Your rights
You are at any time entitled to be informed of the personal data about you that we process, but with certain legislative exceptions. You also have the right to object to the collection and further processing of your personal data including profiling/automated decision-making. Furthermore, you have the right to have your personal data rectified, erased or blocked according to the rules. Moreover, you have the right to receive information about you that you have provided to us, and the right to have this information transmitted to another data controller (data portability).
9. Withdrawal of consent
You may, at any time, withdraw any consent you have given and we will delete your personal data, unless we can continue the processing based on another purpose. If you wish to withdraw your consent, please contact us at info@dhigroup.com or +45 4516 9200.
10.	Links to other websites etc.
Our website may contain links to other websites or to integrated sites. We are not responsible for the contents of the websites of other companies or for the practices of such companies regarding the collection of personal data. When you visit other websites, you should read the owners' policies on the protection of personal data and other relevant policies.
11.	Changes to our privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy based on material changes in legislation, new technological solutions, new or improved features, or to improve our websites.
12.	Amendment of data etc.
If you want us to update, amend or delete the personal data that we have recorded about you, or if you wish to get access to the data being processed about you, or if you have any questions concerning the above guidelines, you may contact us at info@dhigroup.com or +45 4516 9200. You may also write to us at the following address:
DHI, Agern Allé 5, 2970 Hørsholm, Denmark
13.	Complaints
If you wish to appeal against the processing of your personal data, please contact us by email, telephone or letter as indicated above. You may also contact the Data Protection Agency, Borgergade 28, 5., 1300 Copenhagen K, Denmark.
Read more
Contact(s)
For more information
contact us at
info@dhigroup.com
×
Contact QR