http://www.rpeptide.com/ordering/privacy
We understand these are trying times and we are here to help keep your research moving forward.As we closely monitor the situation at hand, rPeptide will remain fully operational and continue to practice all safety protocol while taking precautionary measures to ensure there are no interruptions to your research. From our catalog products to our laboratory services, please let us know how we can assist with your research needs.
Privacy Policy
ORDER ONLINE  •  CALL 866.753.0747  •  FAX
678.753.0746
OrderingOverviewOrder OnlineInternational DistributorsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy
Ordering>Privacy
Privacy Policy
rPeptide.com
Effective and Last Updated: June 26, 2012
This website is owned and operated by rPeptide, LLC.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors while they interact with the content, products and services on this site (the “Site”).
This Privacy Policy applies to the Site only. It does not apply to other websites to which we link.
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we want you to understand what information we collect about you, how we collect it, how that information is used, and how you can control our disclosure of it. You agree that your use of the Site signifies your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site.
1)
Information Collected
We collect two types of information from you: i) information that you voluntarily provide to us (e.g. through a voluntary registration process, sign-ups or emails); and ii) information that is derived through automated tracking mechanisms.
·
Voluntary Registration Information
In order to fully access this Site, you must first complete the registration process, during which we will collect personal information about you. The information will include your name, business name, address, phone number and email address. We do not collect personally identifiable information about you except when you specifically provide such information to us on a voluntary basis.
By registering with us, you consent to the use and method of disclosure as described in this Privacy Policy.
·
Voluntary Information for Services and Features
We also collect personally identifiable information when you choose to use certain other features of the Site, including: making purchases, and consenting to receive email. When you choose to use these additional features, we require you to provide your “Contact Information” in addition to other personal information that may be required to complete a transaction such as your phone number, billing and shipping addresses and credit card information.
·
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. rPeptide.com uses cookies to store visitor’s preferences and to record session information. We do not and will not use cookies to collect private information from any user that such user did not intentionally submit to us.
2)
How We Use Your Information
rPeptide.com only uses your personal information for the original purposes it was given. Your personal information will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without your approval at the time of collection.
rPeptide.com will not disclose, use, give or sell any personal information to third parties for any purposes other than to our suppliers and other third parties who need to know in order to deliver services on behalf of rPeptide.com unless required to do so by law. Further, rPeptide.com reserves the right to contact you regarding matters relevant to the underlying service provided and/or the information collected.
Please note that personally identifiable information is used only to provide you with a more enjoyable, convenient online experience and to help us identify and/or provide information, products or services that may be of interest to you. We use your personally identifiable information to support and enhance your use of the Site and its features, including without limitation: fulfilling your order; providing customer service; tracking email invitations you send; and otherwise supporting your use of the Site.
We may permit certain trusted third parties to track usage, analyze data such as the source address that a page request is coming from, your IP address or domain name, the date and time of the page request, the referring Web site (if any) and other parameters in the URL. This is collected in order to better understand our Web site usage, and enhance the performance of services to maintain and operate the Site and certain features on the Site. We may use third parties to host the Site; operate various features available on the Site; send emails; analyze data; provide search results and links and assist in fulfilling your orders.
Also, we may share personally identifiable or other information with our parent, subsidiaries, divisions, and affiliates.
We may transfer personally identifiable information as an asset in connection with a proposed or actual merger or sale (including any transfers made as part of an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding) involving all or part of our business or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock sale or other change in control.
rPeptide.com may disclose Contact Information in special cases where we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our terms and conditions of use or may be causing injury or interference with our rights, property, our customers or anyone who could be harmed by such activities.
You will receive notice when your personally identifiable information might be provided to any third party for any reason other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy, and you will have an opportunity to request that we not share such information.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and for business and administrative purposes. We may also use or share with third parties for any purpose aggregated data that contains no personally identifiable information.
3) How We Protect Your Information
We are committed to protecting the information we receive from you. We take appropriate security measures to protect your information against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we maintain appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information and data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures we have implemented reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved.
4) Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information and Preferences
We provide mechanisms for updating and correcting your personal information for most of our services. You may modify or remove any of your personal information at any time by logging into your account and accessing features such as edit and account.
5) Email Choice/Opt-out
If you no longer wish to receive updates or notifications may opt-out of receiving these communications by changing your “email notification” settings in your “account settings.”
6) Children's Privacy and Parental Controls
We do not solicit any personal information from children. If you are not 18 or older, you are not authorized to use the Site. Parents should be aware that there are parental control tools available online that can be used to prevent children from submitting information online without parental permission or from accessing material that is harmful to minors.
7) Disclaimer to Security
By consenting to the Terms and Conditions of the Site and hence the Privacy Policy, you consent that no data transmission over the Internet is completely secure. We cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you provide to us and you transmit such information to us at your own risk.
8) Notification of Changes
rPeptide.com reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion. If at some point in the future, there is a change to our Privacy Policy, unless we obtain your express consent, such change will only apply to information collected after the revised Privacy Policy took effect. Your continued use of the Site indicates your assent to the Privacy Policy as posted.
9) Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy please contact:
rPeptide.com
1050 Barber Creek
Bldg. 300, Suite 103
Watkinsville, GA 30677, USA