http://www.dnaplus.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
Our commitment to you
DNA Plus and its family of affiliated companies are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers. We want you to understand how we protect your privacy when we collect and use information about you, and the measures we take to safeguard that information. Keeping customer information secure and private is a priority for us.
What types of non-public personal information about you do we receive?
In the course of providing service to you, we receive nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information provided by you on contact forms sent through this website (e.g., name, address, etc.)
Information provided by you on paternity testing forms and other standard forms (e.g., name, address, etc.)
Information provided by you on when we receive payment (e.g., your credit number, checking account number, etc.)
This information is never collected for any use other than to provide our products and services to you.
How do we protect the confidentiality and security of your non-public personal information?
Keeping your information secure is one of our most important responsibilities. We restrict access to non-public personal information about you to those employees and agents who need to know that information in order to provide products or services to you.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your non-public personal information.
Do we disclose to any non-affiliated third parties your non-public personal information?
No. We never sell, share or disclose your non-public personal information to non-affiliated third party marketing companies.
Do we disclose within our family of affiliated companies your non-public personal information?
No. In the course of providing services to you, we are do not share within our family of affiliated companies information about our transactions.
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time and you will be notified via this website if any changes occur.