http://www.bioassay.de/privacy/
Home
Privacy
I. Name and address of the data controller
The data controller within the meaning of the basic data protection regulation and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is:
Stegmann Systems GmbH Raiffeisenstraﬂe 2 63110 Rodgau Germany Tel .: +49 (6106) 77010-0 E-Mail: info@stegmannsystems.com Website: www.stegmannsystems.com
II. General information about data processing
1. Scope of processing of personal data
In principle, we process personal data of our users only insofar as this is necessary to provide a functioning website and our content and services. The processing of personal data of our users takes place regularly only with the consent of the user. An exception applies to cases in which prior consent cannot be obtained for reasons of fact and the processing of the data is permitted by law.
2. Legal basis for the processing of personal data
Insofar as we obtain the consent of the data subject for processing personal data, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) serves as legal basis.
In the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR serves as legal basis. This also applies to processing operations required to carry out pre-contractual actions.
Insofar as processing of personal data is required to fulfill a legal obligation that is subject to our company, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR serves as legal basis.
In the event that vital interests of the data subject or another natural person require the processing of personal data, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. d GDPR serves as legal basis.
If processing is necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of our company or a third party, and if the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not prevail over the first interest, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR serves as legal basis for processing.
3. Data deletion and data retention
The personal data of the data subject will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of the storage is no longer valid. In addition, such storage may be carried out, if required by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, or by laws or other regulations to which the responsible body is subject. Blocking or deletion of the data also takes place when a storage period prescribed by the standards mentioned expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for conclusion of a contract or fulfillment of the contract.
III. Provision of the website and creation of logfiles
1. Description and scope of data processing
Each time our website is accessed, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer.
The following data is collected:
Information about the browser type and version used
The operating system of the user
The IP address of the user
Date and time of access
Websites from which the system of the user reaches our website
Websites accessed by the user's system through our website
The data is also stored in the log files of our system. A storage of this data together with other personal data of the user does not take place.
2. Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the temporary storage of data and log files is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
3. Purpose of the data processing
The temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary to allow delivery of the website to the computer of the user. To do this, the user's IP address must be kept for the duration of the session.
Storage in log files is done to ensure the functionality of the website. In addition, the data is used to optimize the website and to ensure the security of our information technology systems. An evaluation of the data for marketing purposes does not take place in this context.
For these purposes, our legitimate interest in the processing of data is according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
4. Data retention
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection. In the case of collecting the data for providing the website, this is the case when the respective session is completed.
In the case of storing the data in log files, this is the case after no more than seven days. An additional storage is possible. In this case, the IP addresses of the users are deleted or alienated, so that an attribution to the calling client is no longer possible.
5. Objection and removal possibility
The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of the data in log files is essential for the operation of the website. There is consequently no possibility to object for the user.
IV. Use of cookies
a) Description and scope of data processing
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in the internet browser or by the internet browser on the user's computer system. When a user visits a website, a cookie may be stored on the user's operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic string that allows the browser to be uniquely identified when the website is reopened.
We use cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some elements of our website require that the calling browser be identified even after a page change. The following data is stored and transmitted in the cookies:
Confirmation that we may store cookies on your computer.
In addition, we use cookies on our website that allow an analysis of users' browsing behavior. In this way, the following data can be transmitted:
Entered search terms
Frequency of page views
Length of stay on the website
Use of website functions
Used device
The user data collected in this way are pseudonymized by technical precautions. Therefore, an attribution of the data to the calling user is no longer possible. The data will not be stored together with other personal data of the users.
When accessing our website, users are informed by an information banner about the use of cookies for analysis purposes and referred to this privacy policy. In this context, there is also an instruction of how the storage of cookies can be prevented through the browser settings.
b) Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies is Article 6 (1) lit. f GDPR.
c) Purpose of the data processing
The purpose of using technically necessary cookies is to facilitate the use of websites for users. Some features of our websites cannot be offered without the use of cookies. For these, it is necessary that the browser is recognized even after a page change.
The user data collected through technically necessary cookies will not be used to create user profiles.
The use of the analysis cookies is done for the purpose of improving the quality of our website and its contents. Through the analysis cookies, we learn how the website is used and allows us to constantly optimize our offer. For these purposes, our legitimate interest in the processing of personal data pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
e) Data retention, objection and disposal options
Cookies are stored on the computer of the user and transmitted by this on our side. Therefore, you as a user, have full control over the use of cookies. By changing the settings in your internet browser, you can disable or restrict the transmission of cookies. Already saved cookies can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are disabled for our website, it may not be possible to use all the functions of the website to the full.
V. Newsletter
1. Description and scope of data processing
On our website you can subscribe to a free newsletter. This data from the input mask are transmitted to us when registering for the newsletter.
Name
E-mail address
In addition, the following data is collected upon registration:
IP address of the calling computer
Date and time of registration
For sending the newsletter we use:
rapidmail GmbH Augustinerplatz 2 79098 Freiburg i.Br. Deutschland
Privacy Police Rapidmail: https://www.rapidmail.de/datenschutz
For the processing of the data, your consent is obtained during the registration process and reference is made to this privacy policy.
If you purchase goods or services on our website or download software for free and deposit your e-mail address here, this e-mail address can subsequently be used by us to send a newsletter. In such a case, the newsletter will only contain information about related goods and services.
In connection with the processing of data for the sending of newsletters, there is no disclosure of the data to third parties. The data will be used exclusively for sending the newsletter.
2. Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of the data with the consent of the user after the user has registered for the newsletter is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
The legal basis for sending the newsletter after the sale of goods or services is ß 7 Abs. 3 UWG.
3. Purpose of the data processing
The collection of the user's e-mail address serves to deliver the newsletter.
The collection of other personal data in the context of the registration process serves to prevent misuse of the services or the email address used.
4. Data retention
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection. The e-mail address of the user is therefore stored as long as the subscription to the newsletter is active.
The other personal data collected during the registration process will normally be deleted after a period of seven days.
5. Opposition and removal possibility
Subscription to the newsletter may be terminated at any time by the user. For this purpose, there is a corresponding link in each newsletter. Unsubscribing from the newsletter usually does not affect other communication via e-mail with the affected user.
VI. Registration
1. Description and scope of data processing
On our website, we offer users the opportunity to register by providing personal information. The data is entered into an input mask and transmitted to us and stored. A transfer of data to third parties does not take place. The following data is collected during the registration process:
Title
Name
E-mail address
Company
Department
At the time of registration, the following data is also stored:
The IP address of the user
Date and time of registration
As part of the registration process, the consent of the user to process this data is obtained.
2. Legal basis for data processing
Legal basis for the processing of the data is in the presence of the consent of the user Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
If the registration serves the fulfillment of a contract of which the user is a party or the implementation of pre-contractual measures, an additional legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
3. Purpose of the data processing
User registration is required for the provision of certain content and services on our website. In particular, a registration of the user to carry out pre-contractual measures is required.
4. Data retention
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection.
This is the case during the registration process for the performance of a contract or for the performance of pre-contractual measures if the data are no longer necessary for the performance of the contract. Even after the conclusion of the contract, there may be a need to store personal data of the contracting party in order to comply with contractual or legal obligations.
5. Opposition and removal possibility
As a user, you have the option of canceling the registration at any time. You can change the data stored about you at any time. Please send an e-mail to info@stegmannsystems.com.
If the data is required to fulfill a contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures, premature deletion of the data is only possible, unless contractual or legal obligations preclude deletion.
VII. Contact form and e-mail contact
1. Description and scope of data processing
Contact forms are available on our website, which can be used for electronic contact. If a user uses this option, the data entered in the input mask will be transmitted to us and saved. These data are depending on the input mask:
Title
Name
Company
Department
Address
City
State or province
Zip Code
Country
E-mail
At the time of sending the message, the following data is also stored:
The IP address of the user
Date and time of registration
For the processing of the data in the context of the sending process your consent is obtained and referred to this privacy statement.
Alternatively, contact via the provided e-mail address is possible. In this case, the user's personal data transmitted by e-mail will be stored.
In this context, there is no disclosure of the data to third parties. The data is used exclusively for the processing of the conversation and for the purposes stated in the course of obtaining the consent of the user.
2. Legal basis for data processing
Legal basis for the processing of the data in the presence of the consent of the user is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
The legal basis for the processing of the data transmitted in the course of sending an e-mail is Article 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. If the e-mail contact aims to conclude a contract, then additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
3. Purpose of the data processing
The processing of the personal data from the input mask serves us only to process the contact. In the case of contact via e-mail, this also includes the required legitimate interest in the processing of the data.
The other personal data processed during the sending process serve to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of our information technology systems.
4. Data retention
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection. For the personal data from the contact form and those sent by e-mail, this is the case when the respective conversation with the user has ended. The conversation has ended when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the relevant facts have been finally clarified.
The additional personal data collected during the sending process will be deleted at the latest after a period of seven days.
5. Opposition and removal possibility
The user has the possibility at any time to revoke his consent to the processing of the personal data. If the user contacts us by e-mail, he may object to the storage of his personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation cannot continue.
In order to make use of the possibility of cancellation, please send an e-mail to info@stegmannsystems.com.
All personal data stored in the course of contacting will be deleted in this case.
VIII. Applicants at Stegmann Systems
The provision of your personal data is voluntary. The provided data will be used for your application process and in a potential future† contract, this is legitimized by ß 88 GDPR and ß 26 BDSG (Federal Data Protection Act). A transfer to a third party† or to a third country† does not take place. Your data will not be transferred to any third party or country. We may process public job related information (e.g. social media networks).
The data will be deleted after completion of the application process, except to the extent required by law.
You have the right to request which personal data we have collected, as well as to correct, delete or restrict the processing of your personal data. Those rights cannot be excercise with retrospective effect and may have an influence on the application process (e.g. deletion of data).
There are no decisions based only on automated processing.
IX. Support Portal
1. Description and scope of data processing
On our support portals, we offer users the opportunity to register by providing personal information and to subsequently request support. The data is entered into an input mask and transmitted to us and stored. A transfer of data to third parties does not take place. The following data is collected during the registration to the support portal:
Name
E-mail address
If the user requests support, we will in all likelyhood require further information, such as:
Software version
License number
Hardware used
Company name and location
Furthermore the Support Portal will log the following information with each support request:
Date
Time
Browser of user
Operating system of the user
As part of the support request, the consent of the user to process this data is obtained.
2. Legal basis for data processing
Legal basis for the processing of the data is in the presence of the consent of the user Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
If the registration serves the fulfillment of a contract of which the user is a party or the implementation of pre-contractual measures, an additional legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
3. Purpose of the data processing
User registration is required for the provision of certain content and services on our website. In particular, a registration of the user to carry out pre-contractual measures is required.
4. Data retention
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection.
This is the case during the registration process for the performance of a contract or for the performance of pre-contractual measures if the data are no longer necessary for the performance of the contract. Even after the conclusion of the contract, there may be a need to store personal data of the contracting party in order to comply with contractual or legal obligations.
5. Opposition and removal possibility
As a user, you have the option of canceling the registration at the support portal at any time. You can change the data stored about you at any time. Please send an e-mail to†info@stegmannsystems.com.
If the data is required to fulfill a contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures, premature deletion of the data is only possible, unless contractual or legal obligations preclude deletion.
X. Web analytics by
Google Analytics
1. Scope of processing of personal data
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc, (1600 Amphitheater Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google";). Usage includes the ìUniversal Analyticsì mode. This makes it possible to assign data, sessions and interactions across multiple devices to a pseudonymous user ID, thus analyzing the activities of a user across devices.
Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, in the event of activation of IP anonymization on this website, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. The IP address provided to Google Analytics by your browser will not be merged with other Google data. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. In these purposes lies our legitimate interest in the data processing.
2. Legal basis for the processing of personal data
The legal basis for processing users' personal data is Article 6 (1) lit. f GDPR.
3. Purpose of the data processing
The processing of users' personal data enables us to analyze the surfing behavior of our users. By analyzing the obtained data, we are able to compile information about the use of the individual components of our website. This helps us to constantly improve our website and its user-friendliness. In these purposes lies our legitimate interest in the processing of the data according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The anonymization of the IP address sufficiently takes into account the interest of users in the protection of their personal data.
4. Data retention
The data sent by us and linked with cookies, user IDs (eg user ID) or advertising IDs will be automatically deleted after 50 months. The deletion of data whose retention period has been reached is done automatically once a month. For more information about terms of service and privacy, please visit https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/en.html or https://policies.google.com/?hl=en.
5. Opposition and removal possibility
Cookies are stored on the computer of the user and transmitted from there to our side. Therefore, as a user, you have full control over the use of cookies. By changing the settings in your internet browser, you can disable or restrict the transmission of cookies. Already saved cookies can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are disabled for our website, it may not be possible to use all the functions of the website to the full.
You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the features of this website to the fullest extent possible. In addition, you may prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by using the Browser Add-on. Opt-out cookies prevent future collection of your data when you visit this website. To prevent Universal Analytics tracking across devices, you must opt-out on all systems you use.
LinkedIn Analytics
We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag that enables the collection of data regarding visits to our website, including URL, referrer, IP address, device and browser characteristics, timestamp, page views.
Find more information direct into the LinkdIn Privacy Police: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
As a LinkdIn Member you can deactivate the use of your personal data: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/advertising/actions-that-showed-interest
YouTube
We use YouTube on our website. This is a video portal operated by YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, 94066 San Bruno, CA, USA, hereinafter referred to as "YouTube".
YouTube is a subsidiary of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as "Google".
Through certification according to the EU-US Privacy Shield
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Google and its subsidiary YouTube guarantee that they will follow the EU's data protection regulations when processing data in the United States.
We use YouTube in its advanced privacy mode to show you videos. The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in improving the quality of our website. According to YouTube, the advanced privacy mode means that the data specified below will only be transmitted to the YouTube server if you actually start a video.
Without this mode, a connection to the YouTube server in the USA will be established as soon as you access any of our webpages on which a YouTube video is embedded.
This connection is required in order to be able to display the respective video on our website within your browser. YouTube will record and process at a minimum your IP address, the date and time the video was displayed, as well as the website you visited. In addition, a connection to the DoubleClick advertising network of Google is established.
If you are logged in to YouTube when you access our site, YouTube will assign the connection information to your YouTube account. To prevent this, you must either log out of YouTube before visiting our site or make the appropriate settings in your YouTube account.
For the purpose of functionality and analysis of usage behavior, YouTube permanently stores cookies on your device via your browser. If you do not agree to this processing, you have the option of preventing the installation of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your browser. Further details can be found in the section about cookies above.
Further information about the collection and use of data as well as your rights and protection options in Google's privacy policy found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Model Data Protection Statement for Anwaltskanzlei Weiﬂ & Partner
Social Media
We offer you to interact with us through our social media channels. User data can be processed outside of the European Union area.
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Plaza, Wilton Pl, Grand Canal Dock, Dublin, 2, Irland | Privacy Police https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy | Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000L0UZAA0&status=Active
Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA) | Privacy Police: https://twitter.com/de/privacy | Privacy Shield: www.privacyshield.gov/participant
XING SE, Dammtorstraﬂe 30, 20354 Hamburg, Deutschland | Privacy Police privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung
Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland | Privacy Police:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy | Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active
XI. Rights of the data subject
When personal data is being processed, you are a data subject in the sense of the GDPR and you have the following rights with regard to the data controller:
1. Right to information
You may ask the data controller to confirm if personal data of you is processed by us. If such processing is done, you can request information from the data controller about the following:
(1) the purposes for which the personal data are processed;
(2) the categories of personal data being processed;
(3) the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data relating to you have been disclosed or are still being disclosed;
(4) the planned duration of the storage of your personal data or, if specific information is not available, criteria for determining the duration of storage;
(5) the existence of a right to rectification or erasure of personal data concerning you, a right to restrict the processing by the data controller or a right to object to such processing;
(6) the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;
(7) all available information about the source of the data if the personal data is not collected from the data subject;
You have the right to request information about whether your personal information is transmitted to a third country or an international organization. In this regard, you can request to be informed about the appropriate guarantees in accordance with. Art. 46 GDPR in connection with the transfer.
2. Right to rectification
You have a right to rectification and / or completion to the data controller, if the personal data of you is incorrect or incomplete. The data controller must make the correction without delay.
3. Right to restriction of processing
You may request the restriction of the processing of your personal data under the following conditions:
(1) if you contest the accuracy of your personal information for a period of time that enables the data controller to verify the accuracy of your personal information;
(2) the processing is unlawful and you refuse the deletion of the personal data and instead demand the restriction of the use of the personal data;
(3) the data controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing, but you need it to assert, exercise or defend legal claims; or
(4) if you have objected to the processing according to Art. 21 (1) GDPR and it is not yet certain whether the legitimate reasons of the data controller outweigh your reasons.
If the processing of personal data concerning you has been restricted, this data may only be used with your consent or for the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims or protecting the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or a Member State.
If the limitation of the processing according to the previously mentioned conditions is restricted, you will be informed by the data controller before the restriction is lifted.
4. Right to delete
a) Duty to delete
You may require the data controller to delete your personal information without delay, and the data controller is required to delete that information immediately if one of the following is true:
(1) The personal data concerning you are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
(2) You revoke your consent to process the date according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. GDPR and there is no other legal basis for processing.
(3) You object to the processing according to. Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR and there are no prior justifiable reasons for the processing, or you object according to. Art. 21 para. 2 GDPR to the processing.
(4) Your personal data have been processed unlawfully.
(5) The deletion of personal data concerning you shall be required to fulfill a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the Member States to which the data controller is subject to.
(6) The personal data concerning you were collected in relation to information services offered according to Art. 8 (1) GDPR.
b) information to third parties
If the data controller has made the personal data concerning you public and is obligated to delete them according to. Article 17 (1) of the GDPR, he or she shall take appropriate measures, including technical means, taking into account available technology and implementation costs, to inform persons responsible who process the personal data that you as the person being affected, requests deletion of all links to such personal data or of copies or replications of such personal data.
c) exceptions
The right to erasure does not exist if the processing is necessary
(1) to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information;
(2) to fulfill a legal obligation required by the law of the Union or of the Member States to which the data controller is subject to, or to carry out a task which is in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority, which has been conferred on the data controller;
(3) for reasons of public interest in the field of public health pursuant to Art. 9 (2) lit. h and i and Art. 9 (3) GDPR;
(4) for archival purposes of public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes according to Article 89 (1) GDPR, to the extent that the law referred to in subparagraph (a) is likely to render impossible or seriously affect the achievement of the objectives of that processing, or
(5) to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
5. Right to information
If you have claimed the right of rectification, erasure or restriction of processing to the data controller, he / she is obliged to notify all recipients to whom your personal data have been disclosed of this correction or deletion of the data or restriction of processing, unless: this proves to be impossible or involves a disproportionate effort.
You have a right to the data controller to be informed about these recipients.
6. Right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personally identifiable information you provided to the data controller in a structured, common and machine-readable format. In addition, you have the right to transfer this data to another person without hindrance by the data controller for providing the personal data, provided that
(1) the processing is based on a consent according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a GDPR or on a contract according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR and
(2) the processing is done by automated means.
In exercising this right, you also have the right to obtain that your personal data relating to you are transmitted directly from one person to another, insofar as this is technically feasible. Freedoms and rights of other persons may not be affected.
The right to data portability does not apply to the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority delegated to the data controller.
7. Right to object
You have the right at any time, for reasons that arise from your particular situation, to object against the processing of your personal data, which is done pursuant Art. 6 para. 1 lit. e or f GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
The data controller will no longer process the personal data concerning you unless he can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the purpose of enforcing, exercising or defending legal claims.
If the personal data relating to you are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with such direct marketing.
If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, your personal data will no longer be processed for these purposes.
Regardless of Directive 2002/58 / EC, you have the option, in the context of the use of information services, of exercising your right to object through automated procedures that use technical specifications.
8. Right to revoke the data protection consent declaration
You have the right to revoke your data protection declaration at any time. The revocation of consent does not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
9. Automated decision on a case-by-case basis, including profiling
You have the right not to be subjected to a decision based solely on automated processing - including profiling - that will have legal effect or similarly affect you in a similar manner. This does not apply if the decision
(1) is required for the conclusion or performance of a contract between you and the person respnsible,
(2) is permitted by Union or Member State legislation to which the data controller is subject to, and where such legislation contains appropriate measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or
(3) with your expressed consent.
However, these decisions must not be based on special categories of personal data under Art. 9 (1) GDPR, unless Art. 9 (2) lit. a or g GDPR applies and reasonable measures have been taken to protect the rights and freedoms as well as your legitimate interests.
With regard to the cases referred to in (1) and (3), the data controller shall take appropriate measures to uphold the rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests, including at least the right to obtain the intervention of a person by the data controller, to express his / her own position and to challenge the decision.
10. Data Protection Officer
You can reach our Data Protection Officer at datenschutz@stegmannsystems.com
11. Right to complain to a supervisory authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you shall have the right to complain to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement, if you believe that the processing of the personal data concerning you violates the GDPR.
The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been submitted shall inform the complainant of the status and results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Article 78 of the GDPR.
go to the Top of this page