http://www.sbmasystems.com/privacy/
Skip to content
The contents of this site are created with great care. The provider does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of the content. The use of any content is at your own risk. The provider reserves the right to modify or discontinue service at any time.
Privacy PolicyProtecting your privacy while using our website is important to us. Please note the following information:Anonymous data collectionWe do not use any analytical web statistics on this website. We do not track visitors and so you can visit our website without telling us who you are. You as an individual user remain anonymous.Collection, processing and use of personal dataPersonal data is only collected if you provide it voluntarily, when filling out the contact or quotation form s. This information is kept secure and used only to provide the output requested corresponding to the provision of the data.Export and processing of data to countries outside the European Economic AreaThere is no export of data to any countries inside or outside the EEA.External LinksFor your information, our website contains links to other sites. If this is not obviously recognizable, we point out that this is an external link. We have no control over the content and design of other providers.
Further information and contactsIf you have further questions about “privacy”, please contact the below email address. There you can find out which data is stored. In addition, you can get information, deletion and correction of your data, sales@fserosioncontrol.com.
Cookies
This website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites.
Our cookies help us:
Make our website work as you’d expectImprove the speed/security of the site
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)Pass data to advertising networksPass personally identifiable data to third partiesPay sales commissions
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below:
Website Function Cookies
We use the following cookies to make our website work:
Session cookies – Session cookies allow websites to link the actions of a user during a browser session. Session cookies expire after a browser session so would not be stored longer term. Our session cookies are for the basic functioning of the site and not for mapping visitor behavior.
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are happy with this. Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from  our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies. Doing so however may limit the functionality of our website.
The cookie information text on this site was derived from content provided by Attacat Internet Marketinghttp://www.attacat.co.uk/. If you need similar information for your own website you can use their free cookie audit tool.
YouTube
Copyright © 2019 SBMA Ltd