http://www.tagasoft.com/privacy-policy/
Introduction
TAGA Engineering Software Limited (we, us, our) complies with the New Zealand Privacy Act 1993 (the Act) when dealing with personal information.  Personal information is information about an identifiable individual (a natural person).
This policy sets out how we will collect, use, disclose and protect your personal information. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
This policy does not limit or exclude any of your rights under the Act.  If you wish to seek further information on the Act, see www.privacy.org.nz.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should first contact us at info@TAGAsoft.com.
Changes to this policy
We may change this policy by uploading a revised policy onto the website.  The change will apply from the date that we upload the revised policy.
Who do we collect your personal information from
We collect personal information about you from:
you, when you provide that personal information to us, including via the website and any related service, through any registration or subscription process, through any contact with us (e.g. telephone call or email), or when you buy or use our services and products
third parties where you have authorised this or the information is publicly available.
If possible, we will collect personal information from you directly.
We collect the following personal information from you
Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number
Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number, password
Preferences Information such as product lists, order history,
Information about your business such as company name, business type.
We may use your personal information:
Fulfill your order
Send you order confirmation
Send you requested product or service information
Send product updates or warranty information
Respond to customer service requests
Administer your account
Send you a newsletter
Send you marketing communications
Respond to your questions and concerns
Improve our Website and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis
Display content based upon your interests
Choice/Opt-Out
for any other purpose authorised by you or the Act.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by contacting us at info@TAGAsoft.com.
Disclosing your personal information
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We may disclose your personal information to:
another company within our group
any business that supports our services and products, including any person that hosts or maintains any underlying IT system or data centre that we use to provide the website or other services and products
a credit reference agency for the purpose of credit checking you
other third parties (for anonymised statistical information)
a person who can require us to supply your personal information (e.g. a regulatory authority)
any other person authorised by the Act or another law (e.g. a law enforcement agency)
any other person authorised by you.
A business that supports our services and products may be located outside New Zealand.  This may mean your personal information is held and processed outside New Zealand.
Protecting your personal information
We will take reasonable steps to keep your personal information safe from loss, unauthorised activity, or other misuse.
Accessing and correcting your personal information
Subject to certain grounds for refusal set out in the Act, you have the right to access your readily retrievable personal information that we hold and to request a correction to your personal information.  Before you exercise this right, we will need evidence to confirm that you are the individual to whom the personal information relates.
In respect of a request for correction, if we think the correction is reasonable and we are reasonably able to change the personal information, we will make the correction.  If we do not make the correction, we will take reasonable steps to note on the personal information that you requested the correction.
If you want to exercise either of the above rights, email us at info@tagasoft.com.  Your email should provide evidence of who you are and set out the details of your request (e.g. the personal information, or the correction, that you are requesting).
We may charge you our reasonable costs of providing to you copies of your personal information or correcting that information.
Internet use
Transfer of personal data abroad
If you utilize our Services from a country other than the country where our servers are located, your communications with us may result in transferring your personal data across international borders. Also, when you call us or initiate a chat, we may provide you with support from one of our global locations outside your country of origin. In these cases, your personal data is handled according to this Privacy Policy.
PayPal
If you choose to use PayPal to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number directly to PayPal. PayPal’s privacy policy will apply to the information you provide on the PayPal Website.
Third Party E-Commerce Solutions Provider
Our shopping cart is hosted by our e-commerce solutions provider. They host our ordering system and collect your billing information directly from you for the purpose of processing your order. This company does not use this information for any other purpose.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We may use cookies, for example to keep track of your preferences and profile information. Cookies are also used to collect general usage and volume statistical information that does not include personal information.
Web beacons
Our Web pages contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used and may be used in some of our emails to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns.
We use a third party to gather information about how you and others use our Web site. For example, we will know how many users access a specific page and which links they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our site is used.
HomeAbout About TAGAsoft Geotechnical Insights Blog ContactTSLOPE Technical Support Videos FAQ Case Studies Verification examples 3D Example TSLOPE Features PricingShop CartLogin
Want to know more?
Contact Ian Brown and the TAGAsoft team.
Contact us