http://www.efpa.be/privacy.htm
Search
Key Information
Popular EFPA Resources
EFPA Home Page
Psychology Associations and Governing Bodies in Europe
Mental Health in Europe
EFPA Publications
EFPA Information Sections
Ethics of Psychology
Marriage Counseling
Find a Psychologist
Getting Started
Getting started in Psychology
How to Become a Psychologist
Online Psychology Degree: Accrediation, Schools & Tuition
Setting up a Psychologist Practice
Psychology Jobs - Careers in Psychology
Psychology Graduate Programs
Privacy Policy
EFPA is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. When you contact EFPA we ask you to provide certain information. You can be assured that this information will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
EFPA may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from March 1, 2012.
What we collect
We may collect the following personal information:
contact information including your name and email address
other information relevant to personalising your search results
What we do with the information we collect
Possible uses of the information include:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Contact
Please contact us with any questions regarding this Privacy Policy.
General Information
Things You Should Know
Psychology Degree
Psychologist vs Psychiatrist
Counseling Degree
Psychologist Directory
Find Psychologists in European Cities
Aberdeen
Amsterdam
Barcelona
Belfast
Berlin
Birmingham
Brussels
Cologne
Dublin
Dusseldorf
Geneva
Glasgow
Leeds
Liverpool
London
Lyon
Madrid
Manchester
Milan
Munich
Newcastle
Nottingham
Paris
Prague
Rome
Rotterdam
Stockholm
Stuttgart
Vienna
Warsaw
Zurich
This website and all original contents are copyright © EFPA
EFPA Home    About EFPA    Feedback    Privacy   Disclaimer
All rights Reserved, unless otherwise stated. You must abide to all additional copyright notices or restrictions contained in this website.