http://www.planningofficers.org.uk/terms-conditions
Cookies
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website.
Accept All Cookies
Find out more
Cookie Portal
Manage and find out more about the cookies used on this website.
View Cookie Settings
Read Cookie Policy
Accept All Cookies and Close
Close Without Saving
< Back
This website has 3 types of cookies:
Your preferences will not take affect until the next page loads or this page is reloaded.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Feature Cookies
Performance Cookies
Save and Close
< Back
< Back
Cookie Policy
< Back
HomeTerms & Conditions
Terms & ConditionsWelcome to the Planning Officers Society website (the "Site"). By using the Site, you agree to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions concerning your use of the Site ("Terms of Use") and our Privacy Policy. We may revise the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you.Areas of the Site may have different terms of use posted. If there is a conflict between the Terms of Use and terms of use posted for a specific area of the site, the latter shall have precedence with respect to your use of that area of the Site.1. Use of Web Site InformationYou may download, view, copy and print documents and graphics incorporated in these documents (the "Documents") from the Site subject to the following: (a) the Documents may be used solely for personal, informational, non-commercial purposes; and (b) the Documents may not be modified or altered in any way. Except where your use constitutes "fair use" under copyright law, you may not otherwise use, download, upload, copy,print, display, perform, re-produce, publish, license, post, transmit or distribute any information from this Web Site in whole or in part without the express authorisation of the Planning Officers Society.2. Termination of UseYou agree that the Planning Officers Society may, in its sole discretion, at any time terminate your access to the Site and any account(s) you may have in connection with the Site. Access to the Site may be monitored by the Planning Officers Society.3. Third Party Web Sites, Content, Products, and ServiceThe site may provide links to Web sites and access to content, products and services from third parties, including users, advertisers, affiliates and sponsors of the Site. You agree that the Planning Officers Society is not responsible for the availability of, and content provided on, third party Web sites. You should refer to the policies posted on other Web sites regarding privacy and other topics before you use them. You agree that the Planning Officers Society is not responsible for third party content accessible through the Site, including opinions, advice, statements and advertisements, and understand that you bear all risks associated with the use of such content.If you choose to purchase any products or services from a third party, your relationship is directly with the third party. You agree that the Planning Officers Society is not responsible for: (a) the quality of third party products or services; and (b) fulfilling any of the terms of your agreement with the seller, including delivery of products or services and warranty obligations related to purchased products and services. You agree that the Planning Officers Society is not responsible for any loss or damage of any sort you may incur from dealing with any third party.4. DisclaimerExcept where expressly provided otherwise, the site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. The Planning Officers Society expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. The Planning Officers Society makes no warranty that: (a) the site will meet your requirements; (b) the site will be available on an uninterupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the site or any services offered through the site will be accurate or reliable; or (d) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the site will meet your expectations.Any content, materials or information downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the site is done at your own discretion and risk. The Planning Officers Society shall have no responsibility for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information.The Planning Officers Society reserve the right to make changes or updates to the site at any time without notice.5. Limitation of LiabilityIn no event shall the Planning Officers Society be liable for direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, or damages for loss of profits, revenue, data or use, incurred by you or any third party, whether in an action in contract or tort, arising from your access to, or use of, the site.6. IndemnityYou agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Planning Officers Society, its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses or expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with your access to or use of the Site.7. Privacy PolicyThe Planning Officers Society is concerned about your privacy and has developed a policy to address privacy concerns. Please click here to view our Privacy Policy.8. Law and JurisdictionBy use of this website you agree to the application of the laws of England and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
back Back    Top top