https://www.casesystems.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
At Case Systems we are committed to the protection of your privacy. This privacy policy applies to every way you interact with us, including all solutions we offer, our website contact page and email.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES CASE SYSTEMS COLLECT AND HOW DO YOU USE IT ?
In order to provide our full range of services and to provide the best experience for our clients, we may collect the following types of information :
User-provided information: Areas of our web site allow you to submit personal information to us (such as your name, email address, telephone number and mailing address) via Internet browser-based (‘contact us’) forms or by sending us an e-mail. In addition, areas of our web site may require that you register for email newsletters or to access your personal account. We may retain and use those communications in order to process your requests, respond to communications or to improve the quality of your experience.
Web Logs: By accessing our web site, our Internet servers automatically record information your Internet browser sends when you visit a web site. These logs may contain information such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, browser version, domain name, language, date and time, and the referring web site. We use log analysis to improve the user experience of our website.
We will only use your personal information
(i) to provide our services or information about our services to you,
(ii) for analysis in order to improve our services and operations,
(iii) to develop solutions and services,
(iv) to comply with applicable law, rules and regulations and
(v) for the specific reasons outlined on our web site when we collect your information.
If we use your information for a purpose different from those outlined above, we will ask for your consent prior to such use. You may choose to opt-out of such use at such time. You may also request we remove your personal information from our active systems at any time by contacting us by email or letter at the addresses shown above.
WITH WHOM DOES CASE SYSTEMS SHARE MY INFORMATION?
We will not share your personal information with third parties outside of our fulfillment partners unless we have your consent or unless we have a good faith belief we are required to share such information to satisfy applicable law, including the prevention of fraud. We may share certain aggregated, non-personal information collected from you (such as your browser type) with third parties in order to improve our services, but such information is not sufficient to individually identify you. If you wish to revoke your consent to our sharing of your personal information, you may contact us by email or letter at the addresses shown above. You may not revoke your consent to our sharing of your information when such revocation would violation applicable law or a directive from a court of competent jurisdiction.
We do not share or sell your information to third parties for marketing purposes
DOES CASE SYSTEMS ALLOW ME TO REVIEW MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
You may review and request changes to your personal information stored on our active systems by contacting us at the email or street address above.
HOW DOES CASE SYSTEMS PROTECT MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Security: We take reasonable measures to identify and to prevent unauthorized access to our systems and disclosure of your personal information. We also restrict access to your personal information to only those persons who need to know the information in order to perform the services we offer. Your personal information may be stored on computer systems maintained by an agent or service provider of our company, each of which will be bound by agreement to protect the confidentiality of your personal information. Our computer systems are located in the United States of America, but the computer systems of our service providers may be located in another country. Your submission of personal information constitutes your consent to the transfer and storage of your information across international borders.
Data Integrity:We only store and process your information for the purpose we collected such information or as otherwise described in this policy. We take reasonable steps to verify the information we collect is complete and accurate, but our ability to maintain the accuracy and completeness of such information is dependent on the users of our web site providing updated and corrected information to us as necessary. We review our information use practices as necessary in order to improve the services we offer.
DOES THIS POLICY APPLY TO LINKS ON YOUR WEB SITE?
We may provide hyperlinks to third-party-controlled web sites on our web site. This privacy policy does not govern the use of such web sites. We may update this policy from time to time to reflect changes in our use of your personal information and/or applicable law. Any changes made to our policy will be reflected in an updated Privacy Policy posted on this page of our website.