https://www.robsonscientific.co.uk/privacy-cookies
Currency
€
£
$
Your Basket
0 item(s) - £0.00
Your basket is empty!
Welcome login or create an account
Price List
My Account
My Basket
Checkout
Home
Glassblown Products
Quartz Tubing
Quartz Rod
Quartz Wool
Quartz Sintered Discs
Quartz Spherical Joints - Balls
Quartz Spherical Joints - Cups
Quartz Conical Joints - Cones
Quartz Conical Joints - Sockets
Quartz Screwthreads
Quartz Stopcocks
Quartz Graded Seals
Quartz Round Bottom Flask With or Without Sockets
Quartz Flat Bottom Flask With or Without Sockets
Quartz Conical Flask With or Without Sockets
Quartz Beakers - Wide Form
Quartz Beakers - Tall Form
Optical Products
Quartz Polished Discs - Natural
Quartz Polished Discs - Synthetic
Quartz Polished Plate - Natural
Quartz Polished Plate - Synthetic
Sapphire Polished Discs
Sapphire Polished Plates
Magnesium Fluoride Polished Discs
Magnesium Fluoride Polished Plates
Calcium Fluoride Polished Discs
Calcium Fluoride Polished Plates
Services
Ordering
Enquiries
Contact Us
Home
» Data Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Policy
Robson Scientific is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. If we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will
be used strictly in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
It is important that you read this Privacy Policy carefully. together with our Terms and Conditions as they govern our relationship with you regarding your use of this website and any purchase you make from it.
The information we collect
When you register an account, place an order, or use our online enquiry form, we collect some or all of the following information:-
Name, job title and organisation
Contact information including your email address and phone number
Your address and post code
Your product interests and preferences
Your order history
What we do with this information
We collect this information so that we can provide you with an efficient service, to better understand your needs as a customer, and specifically for the following reasons:-
To be able to contact you regarding orders and respond to enquiries
So that we can process and dispatch your orders efficiently
For internal accounting and record keeping
Your Rights
We will never sell, distribute or release your personal information to third parties unless we are required to do so by law.
You may request details of all personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information we hold on you, or if you believe that this information is incorrect or incomplete, or if you want us to remove your information then please
contact us.
How we use Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website. We use cookies to help identify your computer so that we can tailor your user experience, track your shopping basket contents and remember where you are in the order process. You can disable cookies, or delete any cookies already stored on your computer, but this may stop our website from functioning properly.
This website uses cookies in the following ways:-
To remember what is in your shopping basket
To remember where you are in the order process
To ensure that you are logged in and that your session is secure
Any Questions?
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or our use of cookies, please
contact us.
Home
Products
Technical Data
Services
Delivery Information
Data Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Enquiries
Contact Us
Unit 4c, Clarklands Industrial Estate, Parsonage Lane, Sawbridgeworth, Hertfordshire, CM21 0NG, United KingdomTel:
+44 (0)1279 724324 – Email:
sales@robsonscientific.co.ukCopyright © 2020 Robson Scientific – website by 					eg