http://www.hydro.gov.au/privacy.htm
Privacy Statement
When you look at this web site, our server makes a
record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical
purposes:
the user's server (IP) address and machine name
the date and time of visit to the site
the pages accessed and documents downloaded
the number of bytes transmitted and received for each request
the address of the referring page visited
search terms used
the type of browser used
No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing
activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a
law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the Internet
Service Provider's logs.
The Australian Hydrographic Office examines this
information to determine the traffic through the server, and to specific
pages or applications, and in order to deliver better services.
Email
We will only record your email address if you send
us a message, or if you subscribe to an e-mail list. Your email address
will only be used for the purpose for which you provided it. We will not
use your email address for any other purpose, and will not disclose it,
without your consent.
Any personal details submitted via the Australian
Hydrographic Office website will only be used for the purpose for which
they are provided. We will not use your personal details for any other
purpose, and will not disclose them, without your consent except, in the
unlikely event of an investigation by a law enforcement agency.
If you have concerns about sending information over the web, please contact us for alternative methods of submitting information (mail, fax etc).
Links
This site contains links to other sites. The
Australian Hydrographic Office is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of such web sites.
Feedback
We seek feedback from our users in order to improve the service offered by our site. You can do so by emailing using our Feedback Forms.
About Us
Products & Services
Digital Charts
Publications
Paper Charts
Maritime Safety Info
Copyright & Licensing
Customised Services
Fact Sheets
Contact Us