http://www.nist.gov/srm/ordering-policies-and-pricing/pricing-policy
Skip to main content
Official websites use .gov
A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A lock (
LockA locked padlock
) or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
https://www.nist.gov/srm/ordering-policies-and-pricing/pricing-policy
Standard Reference Materials
About NIST SRMs
Expand or Collapse
SRM Frequently Asked Questions
How to Cite a NIST SRM
Ordering Policies and Pricing
Expand or Collapse
Sales and Customer Service
SRM Price List
Terms and Conditions
Pricing Policy
Payment Policy
Licensed Distributors
Ordering Policies
Required Ordering Information
Measurement Services Policy Letter
Shipping Information
Registration and Surveys
Expand or Collapse
Register Your SRM
Product Survey
Customer Service Survey
SRM Order Request System
Using the Online Catalog
SRM Exhibits
SRM Definitions
Publications (SP260s)
Archived SRM/RM Certificates/Reports of Investigation
SRM Shoutouts Newsletter
Standard Reference Instruments
Standard Reference Materials Pricing
Share
Facebook
Linkedin
Twitter
Email
Standard Reference Materials Pricing
As an agency of the U.S. Government, NIST establishes the prices of its measurement services in accordance with Federal statutes. Accordingly, the prices of Standard Reference Materials (SRMs) are determined by the actual costs incurred in their production, including all applicable surcharges and overheads. Production costs, overhead and surcharge rates are used to calculate the price for each new or renewal SRM upon its placement into inventory. Therefore, prices for new lots and renewal issues of SRMs can be significantly different from previous issues. These individual re-pricings can occur any time a new lot or renewal is produced.
Twice each calendar year SRMs may be re-priced taking into account the updates for overhead and surcharge rates as determined by NIST and the Department of Commerce. On these occasions (approximately January and July) SRM prices are adjusted to reflect these changes.
The next price change is scheduled on or about January 14, 2021.
For further information please contact:
Office of Reference Materials
NIST
100 Bureau Drive, Stop 2300
Gaithersburg, MD 20899-2300
Phone: (301) 975-2200Email: srminfo@nist.gov
Contacts
Office of Reference Materials
(301) 975-2200
100 Bureau Drive
Mail Stop 2300
Gaithersburg,
MD 20899-2300
Created April 27, 2016, Updated November 10, 2020