http://www.rti.org/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
RTI uses cookies to offer you the best experience online. By and clicking “accept” on this website, you opt in and you agree to the use of cookies. If you would like to know more about how RTI uses cookies and how to manage them please view our Privacy Policy here. You can “opt out” or change your mind by visiting: http://optout.aboutads.info/. Click “accept” to agree.
Accept
Privacy Policy
Home Privacy Policy
Effective: May 25th, 2018
Updated: September 30th, 2020
RTI International takes your privacy seriously and is committed to protecting your Personal Information. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) sets out the ways in which Personal Information provided to us by you is used, disclosed and kept secure by RTI. This policy applies whenever and wherever we collect your Personal Information through our relationship with you.  This includes when you use our website, mobile applications, electronic services, social networking sites or other digital platforms, so please read this Policy carefully. By continuing to use this site, you agree to the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, please do not provide us with your Personal Information or interact with this site.
About RTI International
RTI International is an independent, non-profit research institute dedicated to improving the human condition. We combine scientific rigor and technical expertise in social and laboratory sciences, engineering, and international development to deliver solutions to the critical needs of clients worldwide. This Policy applies to all companies owned by RTI International.
About this Policy
This Policy explains what Personal Information we collect about you, how we may use it, when we may disclose the information, and the steps we take to ensure that your Personal Information is kept secure. We also explain your rights with respect to your Personal Information
Please note that RTI’s websites and other digital platforms may contain links to third party websites / digital platforms which are provided for your convenience. RTI is only responsible for the privacy practices and security of our own digital platforms. We recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of each and every other website / digital platform that you visit.
How to contact us about your Personal Information  or this Policy
If you have any additional questions about this Policy or about how your Personal Information is used, disclosed or secured by RTI, please email us at privacy@rti.org or write to us at the following address:
Data Protection Officer
RTI International
P.O. Box 12194
Research Triangle Park, NC 27709
How we use and collect your Personal Information
Your Personal Information may be collected when you access or use this site, open or respond to our emails, enter your information into a form on this site and submit that form, visit any page online that displays our content; and link to the site via a social networking site.
RTI defines Personal Information as any information that identifies you either directly, such as name, address, email address, telephone number, internet protocol (IP) address, geolocation, etc. or indirectly such as gender, race, ethnicity or location that, when combined may identify you. We may also infer your country of location from the IP address you have used to access our digital platforms.
All Personal Information that we collect about you will be recorded, used, and protected by us in accordance with applicable data protection legislation and this Policy. We may supplement the Personal Information that you provide with other information that we obtain from our dealings with you or which we receive from other organizations, for example, our sponsors and partners.
We use your Personal Information for the following purposes:
to operate, maintain and improve the Sites;
to assess Internet activity, such as your browsing activity on Sites, IP address, cookies, and geolocation data;
to provide information to you in response to inquiries about RTI, our projects, conferences, or workshops should you request information either via email or through an online website portal;
to perform analytics including the use of third-parties vendors and conduct client research;
to communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to you about RTI, sometimes by combining your information with information from other sources;
to allow you to apply for a job with RTI including job search criteria and preferences, your availability to work, your employment experience, current job title, educational history, your skills, reference information, background check information, pay / compensation expectations, ability to work in the United States, whether you now or in the future require sponsorship to continue work authorization, languages spoken, and other information contained in your resume.  We may ask you Characteristics of protected classifications under applicable law when you apply for a job with us such as gender (optional), ethnicity (optional), and whether you are a veteran (optional);
to enable us to complete any pre-employment screenings such as background checks (although we will seek your consent in addition and at the time of screening); employment applications using an online process, verification of education, review of any potential conflicts using third-party vendor.
Collection of Data from Individuals’ Outside the United States and California
Please note that RTI is headquartered in the United States of America. If you are located outside the United States and provide your data to RTI, we will take proper steps to ensure that your information is protected in accordance with this Policy. In addition, RTI recognizes that the European Union has established a data protection policy effective May 25th, 2018 known as General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). This regulation applies to countries within the European Union (“EU”) and governs the transfer of data outside of the EU.  GDPR restrict companies in the EU from transferring personal data about individuals to the United States, unless there is “adequate protection” for such personal data when it is received in the United States. To create such “adequate protection” and allow our Vendors to overcome the restriction on international data transfers established by GDPR and the FADP by adopting standard contractual clauses.  Transfers of data can also occur when RTI has your consent or the transfer is necessary for RTI to perform requirements under a contract that you have entered into with RTI.  RTI has implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures so that the use of your Personal Data meets the requirements of the GDPR.
Under GDPR, individuals located in the EU/EEA are allowed the following protections with respect to your Personal Data:
The right to access – You have the right to request RTI for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that RTI correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request RTI International to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that RTI erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to RTI’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that RTI transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email: privacy@rti.org
Or write to us:
Data Protection Officer
RTI International
P.O. Box 12194
Research Triangle Park, NC 27709
If you reside in Canada, you may have the right to be provided with access to Personal Information that we have collected about you and written information about our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your Personal Information to vendors outside Canada. To find out more, please email us at listen@rti.org
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, resident of California can obtain certain information about the types of Personal Information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. The law provides that companies must inform consumers about the categories of Personal Information that have been shared with third parties, the names and addresses of those third parties, and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties. To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by RTI pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, please contact us at listen@rti.org or the address stated above. Please allow thirty (30) days for a response.
In all instances where we disclose your information to third parties, we will ensure that your information is appropriately protected.
Notification of a Disclosure of Your Information
Cookies
In common with many other website operators, we use standard technology called 'cookies' on our website. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive and they are used to record how you navigate this website on each visit. We do use a service provider, “DemandBase,” to perform analytics services.  Demandbase is a member of the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”). You may wish to visit optout.aboutads.info, which provides information regarding targeted advertising and offers an opt-out for DAA-participating companies.
Security of information
We take the security of your Personal Information seriously and use commercially reasonable security procedures to protect Personal Information you provide to RTI. When you submit your information to us, we use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology to guard your information. In addition, we have security procedures in place to protect our paper-based systems and computerized databases from loss and misuse, and only allow access to them when it is necessary to do so, and then under strict guidelines as to what use may be made of the Personal Information contained within them.
Where a password is required to access certain areas of our digital platforms, you are responsible for keeping your password secure and confidential. Please do not share or disclose your password to any other person.
While RTI believes these security measures to be adequate, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of storage is completely secure. Please know that while we will make every effort keep your information secure, there is still a risk that your Personal Information could be misappropriated, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Monitoring/Analytics
We do not monitor users of our site beyond the above-mentioned cookie tracking.  We do use a service provider, “DemandBase,” to perform analytics services.  Demandbase is a member of the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”). You may wish to visit optout.aboutads.info, which provides information regarding targeted advertising and offers an opt-out for DAA-participating companies.
Children’s Online Privacy
RTI’s does not collect data from children and do not intend that any portion of the site will be accessed or used by children under the age of thirteen (13), and such use is prohibited. This site is designed and intended for use by adults. By using the sites covered by this Policy, you represent that you are at least eighteen (18) years old.
More about your information—your rights
You may correct or update your Personal Information at any time by emailing us at privacy@rti.org. Please include your name, address, date of birth and email address when you contact us as this helps us to ensure that we accept amendments only from the correct person. We encourage you to promptly update your Personal Information if it changes.
We will securely retain your information for as long as is reasonably necessary and in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to submit a request that your data be deleted, please write to us at privacy@rti.org. You have the right to receive a copy of the Personal Information that we hold about you. Please write to us at the address above if you wish to exercise this right.
Changes to this Policy
We aim to meet high standards and so our policies and procedures are constantly under review. From time to time we may change this privacy policy. Accordingly, we recommend that you check this page periodically in order to review the latest version.
Where to make a complaint
If you have a complaint regarding any aspect of your Personal Information or this Policy, please write to us at the above address.  For individuals located in the European Union, you may contact the appointed Data Protection Authority (DPAs) for your country.
A list of DPAs is available here: http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080