http://www.fondriest.com/privacy-policy
Fondriest Environmental
Menu
Search
My Account
Cart
Search
My Account Sign InCreate an Account
Skip to Content
Call Toll Free: 888.426.2151
Fondriest Environmental
Menu
Products
Wireless Data
Data Buoys
Data Loggers
Data Management
Field Computers
GPS Receivers
Integrated Systems
Soil Sensors
Water Level Sensors
Water Quality Sensors
Weather Sensors
All Wireless Data >
Water Quality
Colorimeters
Conductivity Meters
Dissolved Oxygen Meters
Fluorometers
Ion Selective Electrodes
Multi-Parameter Sondes
pH Meters
Portable Laboratories
Test Kits
Turbidity Meters
All Water Quality >
Hydrology
Flow Meters
Interface Meters
Piezometers
Pressure Sensors
Staff Gauges
Velocity Sensors
Wading Rods
Water Level Loggers
Water Level Meters
Well Caps
All Hydrology >
Weather
Barometers
Humidity Sensors
Light Sensors
Multi-Parameter Sensors
Precipitation Gauges
Soil Moisture Sensors
Temperature Sensors
Weather Stations
Wind Meters
Wind Sensors
All Weather >
Sampling
Augers
Automated Samplers
Bailers
Bladder Pumps
Controllers
Peristaltic Pumps
Plastic Submersible Pumps
Soil Sampling Kits
Steel Submersible Pumps
Tubing
All Sampling >
Inspection
Electrical Testers
Light Meters
Moisture Meters
Multimeters
Portable Gas Detectors
Sound Meters
Thermometers
Underwater Cameras
Vibration Meters
Video Inspection Systems
All Inspection >
Field Gear
All-Weather Paper
Batteries
Cleaning Supplies
Field Cases
Gloves
Mooring Hardware
Rain Gear
Reflective Clothing
Solar Panels
Stopwatches
All Field Gear >
Brands
Eos
Fondriest Rental
Geotech
Hach
NexSens
OTT
PME
Seametrics
Solinst
YSI
All Brands >
Rental
Field Computers
Hydrology
Sampling
Survey & Navigation
Water Quality
Weather
News
Earth
Wetlands
Lakes
Oceans
Rivers
Technology
Fish Science
Learning Center
Parameters
Measurements
Equipment
Monitoring Applications
References
Field StationCompany
Company
Privacy Policy
Why Buy From Fondriest?
Contact Us
Ordering
Shipping Information
Return Policy
Security
International Orders
Support
Field Services
Guides
Service & Repair
Privacy Policy
Fondriest's Customer Privacy Policy covers the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that may be collected as you interact with our company, such as when you visit our website, when you purchase products and services, or when you call our sales or support associates. Please take a moment to read the following to learn more about our information practices, including what type of information is gathered, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information, and how we safeguard your personal information. Your privacy is a priority at Fondriest, and we go to great lengths to protect it.
Why We Collect Personal Information
We collect your personal information because it helps us deliver a superior level of customer service. It enables us to give you convenient access to our products and services and focus on categories of greatest interest to you. In addition, your personal information helps us keep you posted on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers, and events that you might like to hear about.
If you do not want Fondriest to keep you up to date with news, software updates and the latest information on products and services click My Account and update your personal contact information and preferences.
What Information We Collect & How We May Use It
There are a few situations in which your personal information may help us serve you better. For example, we may ask for your personal information when you're discussing a service issue on the phone with an associate, downloading a software update, or purchasing a product. We may collect personal information relevant to the situation, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and contact preferences; your credit card information and information about the Fondriest products you own, such as their serial numbers and date of purchase; and information relating to a support or service issue.
Fondriest Environmental takes your privacy very seriously. We do not sell or rent your contact information to other parties. Additionally, Fondriest does not store your personal credit card information.
Your Fondriest ID & Related Information
The Fondriest website, as well as some Fondriest services, allows you to create a "Fondriest ID" based on your personal information. This convenient service saves you time and allows for easier use of our web services. Here's how it works: You create a personal profile - providing your name, phone number, email address, and in some cases your mailing address - and choose a password. The system saves your information and assigns you a personal Fondriest ID - in many cases simply your email address, because it's unique and easy to remember. The next time you order from the Fondriest Store, all you need to do is enter your Fondriest ID and password; the system looks up the information it needs to assist you. In addition, if you update the information associated with your Fondriest ID it will be available for all your transactions.
With Our Service Providers, Vendors & Strategic Partners
There are also times when it may be advantageous for Fondriest to make certain personal information about you available to companies that Fondriest has a strategic relationship with or that perform work for Fondriest to provide products and services to you on our behalf. These companies may help us process information, extend credit, fulfill customer orders, deliver products to you, manage and enhance customer data, provide customer service, assess your interest in our products and services, or conduct customer research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are also obligated to protect your personal information in accordance with Fondriest's policies.
At times we may be required by law or litigation to disclose personal information. We may also disclose information if we determine that for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Fondriest may update this privacy policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated privacy policy.
Our Company-Wide Commitment To Your Privacy
Fondriest takes protecting your privacy very seriously. To make sure your personal information is secure, we communicate these guidelines to Fondriest employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company. In addition, Fondriest supports industry initiatives to preserve privacy rights on the Internet and in all aspects of electronic commerce.
Questions & Suggestions
If you have questions, concerns or suggestions, please email us at customercare@fondriest.com or you can contact us at:
Fondriest Environmental, Inc.
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
2091 Exchange Ct
Fairborn, OH 45324
Phone: 937-426-2151
Fax: 937-426-1125
Products  |
Rental  |
News  |
Learning Center  |
Field Station  |
Company
© 2020 Fondriest Environmental, Inc. | Questions? Call 888.426.2151 or email customercare@fondriest.com