http://www.as-g.it/privacy-policy
Home (current)
Company
Units
Magnets & Systems Unit
Columbus Mgb2 Unit
Paramed Mri Unit
News
People
Contacts
Privacy Policy
Information note on privacy and cookie policies pursuant to Article 13
of EU General Data Protection Regulation 679/2016 (GDPR)
PRIVACY POLICY & COOKIES
1. Privacy Policy
Information on privacy and cookie policies pursuant to Article 13 of EU General Data Protection Regulation 679/2016 (GDPR)
ASG SUPERCONDUCTORS S.P.A., with registered office at C.so Perrone 73/r, Genoa (province of Genoa) (hereinafter “ASG”), undertakes at all times to protect the on-line privacy of users.
1. A) Source of the personal data and data controller
The purpose of this document, in compliance with Article 13 of EU Regulation 679/2016 (hereinafter: “Regulation”), is to make you aware of ASG’s privacy policy. The document sets out the general procedures for processing the personal data of website users and the cookies and how the personal information is handled during your utilisation of our website www.asgsuperconductors.com (hereinafter: “Website”). The information and data provided by you or otherwise acquired in connection with utilisation of ASG services, such as for example: access to the reserved area of the website, the newsletters, etc. (hereinafter the “Services”), will be processed in observance of the Regulation provisions and the confidentiality obligations. According to the rules contained in the Regulation, the processing carried out by ASG will be based on principles of lawfulness, fairness, transparency, purpose and storage limitation, data minimisation, accuracy, integrity and confidentiality. In relation to the data processing carried out through the Website, the data controller is ASG, with registered office in Genoa (province of Genoa) as defined above, to whom you may address any requests for information concerning the handling of personal data. The Data Protection Officer (hereinafter: “DPO”) may be contacted at the following address: ..................... This information note is valid only for this Website and not for any other websites that may be consulted by the user via links. Reference is made to any explicit sections of the Website, where you can find the specific information notes and requests, if any, for consent to individual handling procedures.
1. B) Types of data
You are informed that, as a result of Website navigation, ASG will process personal data (Article 4 (1) of the Regulation), hereinafter just “Personal Data”. In particular, the following Personal Data are processed via the Website:
1) Navigation data
The computer systems and software procedures involved in the running of the Website, in the course of their normal operation, acquire certain Personal Data whose transmission is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols. The information in question is not gathered for the purpose of association with specific parties concerned, but for their very nature might, via elaborations and associations with data held by third parties, permit the identification of users. Coming within this category of data are IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilised by users when connecting to the Website and other parameters relating to the user’s operating system and IT environment. The said data are used only to obtain anonymous statistical information regarding the use of the Website and to check the correctness of its operational status (see the paragraph below concerning cookies), to identify anomalies and/or misuse, and are deleted immediately after elaboration. The data may be used by the competent authorities in order to ascertain responsibilities in the event of hypothetical cybercrimes against the website.
2) Data furnished on a voluntary based by the party concerned
Apart from what is specified with regard to navigation data, the user is free to provide personal data as indicated on the request forms, if any, present on the website (for example, to activate newsletters, gratuitous registration, purchases, etc.). Failure to provide the same could imply impossibility to supply the service. In such cases, only the information necessary for the service in question will be requested (see specific information notes for details). When utilising some Website services, the need may arise to process third party Personal Data transmitted by you to ASG. In such circumstances, you will appear as independent data controller, assuming all legal obligations and responsibilities. In this respect, on the point you agree to fully indemnify ASG with respect to any dispute, claim, request for compensation of damage arising from processing, etc. that might be raised against the same by third parties whose Personal Data has been processed through your utilisation of the Website functions in breach of the applicable personal data protection rules. In any case, should you supply or otherwise process third party Personal Data through your utilisation of the Website, you hereby guarantee – assuming any and all responsibility connected therewith – that the particular case of processing is founded on an appropriate legal basis in accordance with Article 6 of the Regulation which legitimises the processing of the information in question.
1. C) Data furnished on a voluntary based by the party concerned
The processing of personal data that we intend to carry out, with your specific consent insofar as required, serves the following purposes: to enable the supply of Website Services; the legal basis for processing is the performance of precontractual measures adopted at the request of the same (Article 6(1)(b) of the Regulation) since the processing is necessary to supply the Service. The conferral of Personal Data for the said purposes is optional, although any failure to confer the same would imply impossibility to activate the Services provided by the Website.
1. D) Recipients of Personal Data
Your Personal Data may be shared, for the above purposes, with:
1. persons authorised by ASG to process the Personal Data required to perform activities strictly related to the supply of the Services, who have committed to a confidentiality undertaking or have a suitable legal confidentiality obligation (for example, employees and system administrators).
2. possible third parties assigned to management of the Website who are usually acting in the capacity of Data Processors (the complete and updated list of Data Processors is available on the website at the following address: www.asgsuperconductors.com).
3. parties, organisations or authorities obliged to communicate their Personal Data under legal provisions or on the orders of the authorities.
4. E) Transfer of Personal Data
Some of your Personal Data are shared with Recipients who may be located outside the European Economic Area. ASG ensures that the processing of your Personal Data by the said Recipients takes place in observance of the Regulation. Indeed, the transfers can be based on an adequacy decision, on the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission or on another appropriate legal basis.
1. F) Your privacy rights pursuant to Articles 15 et seq.. of the Regulation
Pursuant to Articles 15 et seq. of the Regulation, you are entitled at any time to ask ASG for access to your Personal Data, or the correction or cancellation of the same or to oppose the processing thereof, you have the right to request restriction of processing in the cases set forth by Article 18 of the Regulation, as well as to obtain in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format the data concerning you, in the cases envisaged by Article 20 of the Regulation. Requests should be sent in writing to the Controller at the following address: ......................... In any case, you have the right at all times to submit a claim to the competent Control Authority (the Italian Data Protection Authority), in accordance with Article 77 of the Regulation, should you consider that the processing of your Personal Data is contrary to the regulations in force.
1. G) Amendments
This privacy policy came into effect on 25/05/2018. ASG reserves the right to partially or totally modify or simply update its contents, also following changes in applicable legislation. ASG will advise you of any such changes as soon as they are introduced and the said changes will be binding immediately after publication on the Website. ASG therefore invites you to regularly visit this section in order to take cognisance of the most recent and up-to-date version of the privacy policy, with a view to remaining constantly informed as regards the data collected and the use made thereof by ASG.
NEWSLETTER
STAY UP TO DATE
I agree to receive news and contents from ASG.
The information you share with us is kept confidential.
By sending my email address I authorise the processing of my personal data pursuant to articles 13 and 14, GDPR 2016/679.
To learn more about ASG's privacy policy, CLICK HERE