http://www.ams.usda.gov/about-ams/privacy
Privacy Statement | Agricultural Marketing Service
Skip to main content
An official website of the United States government
Here's how you know
The .gov means it’s official.
Federal government websites always use a .gov or .mil domain. Before sharing sensitive information online, make sure you’re on a .gov or .mil site by inspecting your browser’s address (or “location”) bar.
This site is also protected by an SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) certificate that’s been signed by the U.S. government. The https:// means all transmitted data is encrypted
— in other words, any information or browsing history that you provide is transmitted securely.
Menu
Agricultural Marketing Service
U.S. Department of Agriculture
Home
Market News
Market News
Cotton and Tobacco
Dairy
Livestock, Poultry, and Grain
Specialty Crops
Local & Regional Food Marketing
Organic
Retail
Run a Custom Report
Contacts
Search Market News
Rules & Regulations
Rules & Regulations
BE Disclosure
Cotton and Tobacco
Country of Origin Labeling (COOL)
Dairy Forward Contracting
Federal Seed Act
Food Quality Protection Act
Food Security Act
Hemp
Mandatory Market Reporting
Marketing Orders & Agreements
Organic Regulations
Packers and Stockyards Act
Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act (PACA)
Pesticide Record Keeping
Plant Variety Protection Act
Proposed Rules
Research & Promotion Programs
Section 8e & Imports
Shell Egg Surveillance
US Grain Standards Act
Rulemaking
Warehouse Act
Grades & Standards
Grades & Standards
Beef
Cotton
Dairy Products
Eggs
Fish & Seafood
Flowers & Plants
Fruits
Goat
Grain
Lamb
Nuts
Pork
Organic
Poultry
Rabbits
Rice and Pulses
Vegetables
Specialty Products
Tobacco
Wool & Mohair
Institutional Meat Purchase Specifications
Commercial Item Descriptions
Certified Meat and Poultry Programs
Services
Services
Auditing & Accreditation
Commodity and Inventory Marketing
Enforcement Activity
Food Purchasing
Grain Inspection
Grain Standardization
Grants & Opportunities
Import/Export Certificates
Laboratory Testing & Approvals
Local Food Research & Development
Market & Facility Design
Market Research & Analysis
Organic Certification & Accreditation
Packers & Stockyards
Plant Variety Protection
Pesticide Data Program
Quality Grading & Inspections
Seed Testing & Clearance
Transportation Research & Analysis
Warehouse Services
Resources
Resources
Data
Forms
Interactive Resources
Publications
Reports & Presentations
Commodity Procurement
Commodity Procurement
Selling Food to USDA
International Procurement and Sales
How the Process Works
Become a USDA Foods Vendor
Pilot Project: Unprocessed Fruits & Vegetables
Purchase Programs: Solicitations & Awards
Product Specifications & Requirements
Web-Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM)
Small Business Opportunities
Contact Commodity Procurement
Annual Industry Meeting
Search
Search
About AMS
News & Announcements
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Breadcrumb
Home
About AMS
Privacy Statement
Overview
Our Leadership
News & Announcements
Strategic Plan
Policies & Administrative Issuances
FACAs & Advisory Boards
Contact Us
Careers & Opportunities
Employee Resources
National Organic Program
Cotton & Tobacco Program
Commodity Procurement
Dairy Program
Fair Trade Practices
Federal Grain Inspection Service
Livestock and Poultry Program
Science & Technology Program
Specialty Crops Program
Transportation & Marketing Program
Information Technology
Management & Analysis
Office of Civil Rights
Legislative & Regulatory Review
Outreach
Public Affairs Office
USDA Farmers Market
Information presented on the AMS web site is considered public information and may be distributed or copied. Use of appropriate byline/photo/image credits is requested.
AMS is committed to maintaining a web site that protects the individual’s right to privacy. We do not require personal information from our visitors, nor do we collect any personally identifying information (name, email address, Social Security number, or other unique identifier) unless you knowingly provide it. Likewise, we do not give, sell, or transfer any personal information to a third party.
Data Collection for Statistics
This website uses Google Analytics Premium. Please refer to the following policies on Google’s website for more information:
Google’s main privacy policy
Cookies & Google Analytics on Websites
Opt out of Google Analytics Cookies
To aid in web site management, certain information is collected for statistical purposes. AMS uses Google Analytics to create summary statistics, which are used to make our website more useful and accessible to visitors.
We collect the following information about your visit:
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, "princeton.edu" if you are connecting from Princeton University’s domain, or "aol.com" if you are connecting from an America Online account);
The web site from which you linked directly to our web site, if you have used another web site to reach the AMS web site;
The operating system and web browser you use to view pages;
The date and time you access our web site;
The country from which you are connecting; and
The pages viewed during your visit.
Information Collected from E-mails and Forms
You may decide to send us personally identifying information through e-mail messages or through on-line forms. Electronic communication allows us to collect information that will improve our web site for you, and we encourage it. You should know that we use information provided in e-mails and forms only for the purposes provided, and the information will be destroyed after its purpose has been fulfilled, in accordance with the National Archives and Records Administration General Schedule 20.
Security Checks
For web site security purposes, and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, AMS employs software programs to monitor network traffic, identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this web site are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
Surveys
This web site may occasionally use voluntary on-line user surveys designed to provide information for the government to improve this web site. When using these surveys, this web site may also use technology known as “persistent cookies” to distinguish users that have previously completed the survey from those that have not. No personally identifying information is collected from the use of this technology, and its purpose is to present the survey invitations only to users that have not completed the survey. If you wish to opt-out from the use of the persistent cookie, you may do so by following the instructions at the following link: http://www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml. If you have any questions or comments about the information presented here, please forward them to AMSWebmaster@usda.gov.
Return to top
Home
Market News
Rules & Regulations
Grades & Standards
Services
Resources
Commodity Procurement
Site Map
Policies and Links
Our Performance
Careers
Visit USDA
FOIA
Civil Rights
Information Quality
Accessibility Statement
Privacy Policy
Non-Discrimination Statement
Anti-Harassment Policy
USA.gov
Whitehouse.gov
eGov
Feedback
Sign Up for Updates
Your email address
Agricultural Marketing Service
U.S. Department of Agriculture
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
GovDelivery
Instagram
Flickr
RSS