http://www.isograph.com/privacy-policy/
Products
Reliability Workbench
Modules
Prediction
FMECA
RBD
Fault Tree Analysis
Event Tree
Weibull
Markov
Reliability Growth
Reliability Allocation
System Safety Assessment
Parts Libraries
API
Availability Workbench
Modules
RCMCost
AvSim
Weibull
Life Cycle Cost
Process Reliability
SAP Portal
Maximo Portal
Accelerated Life Testing
API
NAP
AttackTree
Hazop
Training
AvSim Training Course
RCMCost Training Course
FaultTree+ Course
Reliability Workbench Training Course
Onsite Training Courses
Training Schedule
Support
Contact
Blog
Search
Free Trial
Customer Area
Home » Privacy Policy
This Privacy Statement is effective as of May 2018.
At Isograph we are committed to protecting your personal information and processing it responsibly in compliance with data protection laws.
This privacy policy describes Isograph’s practices that apply to the personal information we collect, use and share with our agents with whom Isograph has or has the potential to have a business relationship.
Isograph reserves the right to edit, remove or move this privacy policy at any time without prior notice or consent.
Who we are
This Privacy Notice applies to all products, applications and services offered by Isograph LTD (a company incorporated in England with company registration number 02062360 and whose registered office address is The Malt Building Wilderspool Park, Warrington, Cheshire, WA4 6HL), but excludes any products applications or services that have separate privacy notices which do not incorporate this Privacy Notice.
How we collect information
Within the fullest extent of the applicable laws we collect information about you when you:
Opt-in to receiving contact emails when you download a free trial of our software.  This may include your name (including business name), address, email address and telephone number.  We may also ask you to provide additional information about your business and your preferences.
Place an order with us, this will include a name, email address and business name
Complete an online support request wherein you provide contact details for us to deal with the support request as efficiently as possible
Interact with us using social media
Contact us offline, for example by telephone, fax, SMS, email or post.
With your consent, your habits and browsing paths on our website – including but not limited to – the time spent on our site, the page you exited and entered our site and the areas clicked or viewed the most.
We also collect but do not store information from your devices, including mobile devices, to ascertain which operating system the device is using to display relevant pages on our website.  This information is not stored on any Isograph server.
Providing us with information about others
If you provide us with personal information about someone else, you are responsible for ensuring that you comply with any obligation and consent obligations under applicable data protection laws in relation to such disclosure.  In so far as required by applicable data protection laws, you must ensure that you have provided the required notices and have obtained the individual’s explicit consent to provide us with the information and that you explain to them how we collect, use, disclose and retain their personal information or direct them to read our Privacy Notice.
How we use your information
To the extent permissible under applicable law, we use your information to:
Provide information, quotations, invoices or other sales related items for the software product you currently have or may be enquiring about
Provide support to further assist you with the use of our software or to troubleshoot any issues you may face
Monitor, measure, improve and protect our content, website, applications and services and provide an enhanced, personal, user experience for you
Undertake internal testing of our website, applications, systems and services to test and improve their security, provision and performance, in which case, we would pseudonymise any information used for such purposes, and ensure is it only displayed at aggregated levels which will not be linked back to you or any living individual
Provide you with any information that we are required to send you to comply with our regulatory or legal obligations
Detect, prevent, investigate or remediate, crime, illegal or prohibited activities or to otherwise protect our legal rights
Deliver targeted advertising, marketing or information to you which may be useful to you, based on your use of our applications and services
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we retain information about you after the closure of your business with Isograph.  This information will be held and used for as long as permitted for legal, regulatory, fraud prevention and legitimate business purposes.
Our website, applications (including mobile applications) and services may contain technology that enables us to:
Check specific information from your device or systems directly relevant to your use of the websites, applications or services against our records to make sure the websites, applications or services are being used in accordance with our end-user agreements and to troubleshoot any problems
Obtain information relating to any technical errors or other issues with our website, applications and services
Collect information about how you and users use the functions of the features of our website, applications and services and
Gather statistical information about the operating system and environment from which you access our applications or services.
We may monitor and record our communications with you, including e-mails and phone conversations.  Information which we collect may then be used for training purposes, quality assurance, to record details about our website, applications and services you order from us or ask us about, and in order to meet our legal and regulatory obligations generally.
Whenever we use your information for our legitimate interests, we will ensure that your information is processed on a pseudonymised basis and displayed at aggregated levels, which will not be linked back to you or to any living individual.
You have the right to object to processing based on our legitimate interests, and if you wish to do so, please contact us at privacy@isograph.com to discuss this further.  If you object, this may affect our ability to provide certain services and/or solutions for your benefit.
Sharing your information
We may share your information with:
Any division of Isograph including our US Branch, for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, (e. g.  global information and customer relationship management; software and service compatibility and improvements; and to provide you with any information, applications, products or services that you have requested)
Agents, resellers and distributors that help us to provide you with products, services and information you have requested or which we believe is of interest to you
Third parties where you have a relationship with that third party and you have consented to us sending information (for example social media sites or other third-party application providers)
Fraud prevention agencies
Regulators to meet legal and regulatory obligations
Law enforcement agencies so that they may detect or prevent crime or prosecute offenders
Any third party in the context of actual or threatened legal proceedings, provided we can do so lawfully (for example in response to a court order)
Our own professional advisors and auditors for seeking professional advice or to meet our audit responsibilities
Another organisation if we sell or buy (or negotiate to sell or buy) any business or assets
Another organisation to whom we may transfer our agreement with you and
government departments where reporting is mandatory under applicable law.
We may share non-personally identifiable information about the use of our website, applications, products or services with third parties but this will not include information that can be used to identify you.
Marketing
From time to time, we may use your information to contact you with details about our applications, products and services which we feel may be of interest to you for example software updates or new releases.  We may wish to contact you for this purpose by telephone, post, SMS or email.  You have the right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.  If you wish to exercise these rights you can do so by selecting your contact preferences at the point where you provide us with your information on our websites, applications or services or by sending us an email to privacy@isograph.com.  You can also unsubscribe from any email marketing using the links provided in the emails we send to you.
Third party platform advertising
Where you respond to communications we post on third-party platforms (such as Facebook, Google and Twitter), we may also share your information with those third parties in order to serve targeted advertising/content to you via the relevant third party platform based on your profile/interests.   Your information is used by the third-party platform provider to identify your account and serve advertisements to you.   You can control what advertisements you receive via the privacy settings on the relevant provider’s platform and you should consult the third party’s help/support centre for more information.
Your information and your rights
If you are based within the EEA or within another jurisdiction having similar data protection laws, in certain circumstances you have the following rights:
the right to be told how we use your information and obtain access to your information;
the right to have your information rectified or erased or place restrictions on processing your information
the right to object to the processing of your information e. g.  for direct marketing purposes or where the processing is based on our legitimate interests
the right to have any information you provided to us on an automated basis returned to you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, or sent directly to another company, where technically feasible (“data portability”)
where the processing of your information is based on your consent, the right to withdraw that consent subject to legal or contractual restrictions
the right to object to any decisions based on the automated processing of your personal data, including profiling and
the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority responsible for data protection matters (e.g.  in the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office).
If you request a copy of your information you may be required to pay a statutory fee.
If we hold any information about you which is incorrect or if there are any changes to your details, please let us know by so that we can keep our records accurate and up to date.
If you withdraw your consent to the use of your personal information for purposes set out in our Privacy Notice, we may not be able to provide you with access to all or parts of our website, applications, and services.
We will retain your personal information for the duration of our business relationship and afterwards for as long as is necessary and relevant for our legitimate business purposes, as permitted by applicable laws and regulations.  Where we no longer need your personal information, we will dispose of it in a secure manner (without further notice to you).
Security and storage of information
We will keep your information secure by taking appropriate technical and organisational measures against its unauthorised or unlawful processing and against its accidental loss, destruction or damage.  We will do our best to protect your personal information but we cannot guarantee the security of your information which is transmitted to our website, applications or services or to other website, applications and services via an internet or similar connection.
International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this policy.
Information that we collect may be transferred to the following countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area: including the United States of America.
Other sites and social media
If you follow a link from our website, application or service to another site or service, this Privacy Notice will no longer apply.  We are not responsible for the information handling practices of third party sites or services and we encourage you to read the privacy notices appearing on those sites or services.
Cookies, Analytics and Traffic Data
Cookies are small text files which are transferred from our website and stored on your device.  We use cookies to help us provide you with a personalised service, and to help make our websites, applications and services better for you.
Our cookies may be session cookies (temporary cookies that identify and track users within our websites, applications or services  which are deleted when you close your browser or leave your session in the application or service) or persistent cookies (cookies which enable our websites, applications or services  to “remember” who you are and to remember your preferences within our websites, applications or services  and which will stay on your computer or device after you close your browser or leave your session in the application or service).
We use the following cookies on our website:
Tracking Services
In addition to the above cookie list we also implement a series of tracking services to analyse your browsing habits on our website and to track, with your consent, the path you took to download our application.  These services are as follows:
Service Name
Description
Hotjar
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience.  Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e. g.  how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc. ) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback.  Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behaviour and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website).  Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile.  Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.  For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link.
You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.
Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.  ("Google").  The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers.  Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.  Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.   Further information about Google’s privacy policy may be obtained from http://www.google. com/privacy.html.
How to disable cookies
You may be able to configure your browser or our website, application or service to restrict cookies or block all cookies if you wish, however if you disable cookies you may find this affects your ability to use certain parts of our website, applications or services.  For more information about cookies and instructions on how to adjust your browser settings to accept, delete or reject cookies, see the www.allaboutcookies.org/ website.
Further information
If you have any queries about how we treat your information, the contents of this Privacy Notice, your rights under local law, how to update your records or how to obtain a copy of the information that we hold about you, please write to us, at Isograph LTD, The Malt Building, Wilderspool Park, Warrington, Cheshire, WA4 6HL or send an email to privacy@isograph.com
Isograph
+8016100041 (USA & Canada)
+441925437000
sales@isograph.com
Our Products
Reliability Workbench
Availability Workbench
NAP
AttackTree
Hazop
Company
Privacy Policy
Software Training
Latest News
Support
Useful Links
FAQ
Site Map
ISO9001 Accreditation
Fault Tree Analysis
Contact Us
Contact Us
Linked In
Twitter
YouTube