http://www.bite-back.com/privacy-and-cookies/
PRIVACY & COOKIES
Here at Bite-Back we take your privacy seriously. This policy explains how we use the information that you give us, and the ways in which we protect your privacy.
We may be required to change it from time to time, so we recommend that you check this policy periodically – it was last updated on 1st May 2018. Please note that this privacy policy only applies to our own website. Wherever we link to other sites not covered by this privacy policy, we will title links appropriately to ensure users are aware that they are being forwarded to a third-party site.
The General Data Protection Regulation
We treat all personal information (meaning any data from which you can be identified, including your name, address, email address, etc.) that you provide to us, or that we obtain from you, in accordance with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation.
Under the General Data Protection Regulation, we have a legal duty to protect any data we collect from you, inform you what we use it for, and provide you with access to the data we hold about you. We use leading technologies and encryption software to safeguard your data, and we maintain strict security standards to prevent any unauthorised access to it.
Any amendments to this policy will continue to be in accordance with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation which can be reviewed at the Information Commissioner’s Office website at https://ico.org.uk.
The information we collect and what we do with it
Your personal information will be used only for the purposes of communicating with you in relation to our goods or services, to enable us to review, develop and improve the services we offer, or for any other purposes for which you have given your explicit consent. For details about the types of data we collect and how it is used, please see below.
Information you voluntarily provide to us and how it is used
Signing up to our newsletter: we store your email address in a third-party system called Campaigner (http://campaigner.com/legal/privacy.aspx). We only access this data for the provision of sending out emails and viewing associated statistics, and we do not transfer or store it outside of the Campaigner system.
Filling in our contact forms: all the personal data you enter into the contact forms on our site is transmitted securely to us via email. This data is used solely to process your request or provide you with our services. We store your data until we have an outcome from your enquiry, when it is deleted.
Sending us a direct email enquiry: any personal data you send us by direct email will be stored in our secure email system, and it will only be used to process your enquiry or request.
Commenting on our blog: any personal data, such as names and email addresses, which you supply when commenting on a blog post or news article is held in our website database for the duration of the site’s life.
Purchasing online, making donations and memberships: we collect personal details such as names, an email address, telephone number and postal address during the e-commerce checkout process. This information is used solely for the purpose of providing you with the products and services you have purchased. We use this information for the following purposes:
To validate your payment details (via our secure payment partners, Sage Pay).
To enable us to mail your products to you.
To send you payment receipts, confirmations and delivery status reports.
To contact you or identify you in case of any issues or errors with your purchase.
To enable us to reclaim GiftAid on a donation where applicable.
This data is transferred and stored securely in our booking system until archived. It is shared solely with our secure payment partners (Stripe or PayPal) to enable them to validate your payment details (see below).
Submitting payment details: credit or debit card information you supply during the checkout process is handled and stored outside of the Bite-Back website by our secure payment providers, Stripe or PayPal. Bite-Back does not store, transmit or handle this information at any point. This information is covered by the appropriate privacy Policy of the payment provider:
Stripe (https://stripe.com/gb/privacy).
PayPal (https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full)
Creating an Account: We store Username/Email and password information that you supply for the sole purpose of allowing you to access and edit personal details we hold and information on purchases, donations and subscriptions. This data is transferred and stored securely in our booking system until removed or archived.
Information we collect automatically and how it is used
Via Google Analytics: this system uses cookies to collect anonymous IP data for monitoring visitor behaviour patterns on our site.
Via website security software: this software keeps our website safe from hacking attempts by processing anonymous IP data.
Use of cookies
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer or mobile device, and they are commonly used by websites to collect and store things such as user preferences. We only use essential cookies and anonymous web analytics cookies, provided by Google, Inc, in order to evaluate how visitors, use our site to help us provide you with a better online experience. This data is used for internal purposes only and is anonymous.
You can opt out of cookies through the settings in your browser. To find out more about cookies, including how to see which cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, please visit https://www.aboutcookies.org. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Disclosure of users’ personal data to third parties
We do not disclose your personal data to any third parties without your express permission, except in so far as you have specifically consented to such disclosure. If this is the case, we will state who these carefully selected third parties are, so you can make an informed decision before granting your permission – you will always be offered the choice to opt out.
The only circumstance when we do not seek your permission is when we are required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Keeping your data secure
We have put in place appropriate physical and electronic measures, security policies and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the personal data that we have under our control from unauthorised access, improper use, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction or accidental loss.
Any data provided by you via our website is encrypted during transmission, and the encryption details can be viewed by clicking the padlock icon in your browser. All personal data we subsequently hold is stored on secure drives that can only be accessed by our own authorised staff, either internally or via a VP, and any data or back-ups taken off-site are only ever stored on secured drives. At the same time, all employees who have access to your personal data are contractually obliged to respect the confidentiality of that data.
We do not transmit your data outside our own internal systems and web servers or share it with any third parties other than those involved in collecting and processing web data for us. Where data is stored by a third party, please refer to the individual privacy policies provided by each third-party provider.
Contacting us and access to personal data
You have the express right to access, alter or request that we delete the data we hold on you. To request a copy of your personal data, contact us using the details below – please note that you will be expected to provide proof of identity.
If you have any other questions or concerns about our privacy policy and practices, please contact us at info@bite-back.com.
Share this…
We use your email address for the sole purpose of providing you with email news and updates from Bite-Back. Your information is transferred and stored securely at all times. You can unsubscribe from this service at any time – and of course, we never, ever, share your information with any third parties. For more details, please read our privacy policy.
Copyright © 2017 Bite-Back Shark and Marine Conservation. All rights reserved.   Registered Charity Number 1137772.   Designed by Drive Creative Studio.Privacy & Cookies | Terms & Conditions
Top