https://www.danoneinstitute.org/legal-information
Legal information
Legal information
The publisher of this site is the Danone Institute International.
The Danone institute international is a not-for-profit organization aiming at contributing to promote human health, internationally (including in countries where the Danone Institute International is not established) by developing and disseminating knowledge about the links between food and human health and to highlight the importance of nutrition in human health with a focus on yogurt among other food groups.
The www.danoneinstitute.org  has received the institutional support of:
Danone Institute International-128 Avenue de la Vauve – RD – 91767 Palaiseau Cedex France
The owner of the website is:
Danone  – 15 rue du Helder – 75439 Paris Cedex 09 France
RCS Paris 552.032.534
The website is hosted by Gandi
The website is managed by Honeycom, 13 rue Jules Guesde, 92130 Issy les Moulineaux.
Intellectual Property
Access to www.danoneinstitute.org bestows the right to private and non-exclusive use of the site.
The elements edited on this site, including texts, pictures, computer graphics, logos… establish a work in the sense of the term used by the Intellectual Property code. Consequently, any representation or reproduction, complete or partial, that could take place without the consent of the authors or assignees, is illegal.
Site unavailability
The owner is committed to making utmost efforts to ensure users with accessibility at all times. The owner cannot, in any case, be held responsible of the site unavailability.
Terms and conditions of use of the Danone Institute international website
All the information contained in this website is subject to French and international copyright and intellectual property laws. All reproduction rights are reserved, including those concerning documents that may be downloaded and the photographic and iconographic representations.
Copyrights of the texts, images and other elements appearing on this website are owned by https://www.danoneinstitute.org, or have been included with the consent of the respective owner.
The reproduction of the web content, either in whole or in part, on any electronic support is formally forbidden unless expressly authorized by the publisher.
The reproduction on paper of texts contained in this website is authorized, in particular for educational purposes, subject to the fulfillment of the following conditions:
• Free diffusion;
• Respect of all the reproduced documents;
• Clear and readable attribution of the source as follows: “this document is originated by the website: https://www.danoneinstitute.org”
All rights deriving therefrom are reserved and strictly limited. The internet address must in all cases appear in such a reference.
For any other use, the express prior consent of the publisher is required. The trademarks and/or logos that appear on this website are trademarks registered worldwide and protected by trademark laws. Any reproduction made without the prior and express authorization of the publisher shall constitute counterfeit and is subject to criminal punishment.
The publisher grants you the right to use, record, reproduce, copy and print the visuals contained in https://www.danoneinstitute.org for your own need and exclusively for non-professional purposes. To such effect, you accept to respect the laws related to copyright protection and also those related to the right to one’s own image and, in general, to any other law or regulation, at a national, community or international level, which may be applicable.
Consequently, you shall refrain mainly from:
• Reproducing, either in whole or in part, for sale, distribution, issue, publication and communication on any means whatsoever, the visuals without a specific prior written authorization of the copyright holder and, if it were the case, of the persons appearing on the visuals;
• Using the visuals for commercial or advertising purposes;
• Using the visuals in a way that could harm the image and reputation of the copyright holder or of the persons appearing on the visuals or of any third party that could be harmed by such use. To such effect, you hereby agree to refrain mainly from using the visuals in an insulting, denigrating or defamatory way or in a way that could harm the image and reputation of the copyright holder or of the persons appearing on the visuals or of any third party that could be harmed by such use;
• Modifying in any manner whatsoever the visuals and, in general, harming the integrity of the visuals.
The copyright legal notices shall be visible on each reproduction of the visuals. For any information concerning the photography credits, we thank you to refer to the corresponding page.
You hereby undertake to respect all the instructions that may be given by the holder of intellectual property rights concerning the use of visuals and their reproduction.
You hereby acknowledge that the use of visuals granted to you hereby, does not grant you any property or right to use such visuals for purposes other than those stated herein.
You hereby undertake not to create any confusion as regards third parties of such use.
Privacy Policy
©Danone Institute International-2014
By scrolling this page or clicking on any of its element, you consent to our use of cookies in order to build traffic statistics. For more information and to learn how to change your settings, please click here. Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.