http://www.astronomyboy.com/privacy
Search AstronomyBoy with Google:
Getting Started
CG-5/LX70 Mount Fixes
Solar Eclipse — 2017
SAA 100 Deep Sky List
Constellation Portraits
Barn Door Tracker
Comet Hale-Bopp
Homemade Eyepieces
EQ Mount Tutorial
Millennium Rant
Who Is Astronomy Boy?
Contact Astronomy Boy
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
, Astronomy Boy
This web site (AstronomyBoy.com) and content is an online information and communication service
provided by DeTray Associates.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using this site. By using this web site,
you signify your agreement with these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with any of the
below Terms of Use, do not use this site. AstronomyBoy.com reserves the right, in its sole
discretion, to modify, alter or otherwise update these Terms of Use at any time without
notice. Such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified
Terms of Use. By using this service after we have posted notice of such modifications,
alterations, or updates, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. AstronomyBoy.com retains
the right to deny access to anyone at its complete discretion for any reason including for
violation of any of these Terms of Use.
This web site provides links to many other web sites not affiliated with AstronomyBoy.com
that may have a Terms of Use Policy different from, or in addition to,
the Terms of Use specified herein, particularly in the case of web sites hosting third-party
content or that allow postings by third-parties. By accessing such web sites through links
provided on this web site, you agree to abide by each applicable Terms of Use policy as
therein specified.
Copyright and Trademark
All documents and information on this site are copyrighted materials of AstronomyBoy.com and its approved content providers and licensors.
These documents and information may not, under any circumstances, be copied, resold or
redistributed for any kind of compensation without prior written consent of AstronomyBoy.com
and/or the appropriate licensor. Requests for permission to reproduce or redistribute any
materials found on this site should be sent to .
AstronomyBoy.com welcomes links to AstronomyBoy.com. Users are free to establish hypertext
links to this site so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of users' sites
by AstronomyBoy.com.
No framing. Without the prior written consent of AstronomyBoy.com, users may not "frame"
any of the content of this site or incorporate into another Web Site or other service any
intellectual property of AstronomyBoy.com or any of its licensors. Requests for permission to
frame any AstronomyBoy.com site content may be emailed to
or mailed via United States Postal Service to:
DeTray Associates
815 Lynne Avenue
Napoleon, OH
43545
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on this site without the prior
written consent of the owner of the mark. You may not use the "AstronomyBoy.com" logo appearing on this site without the prior
written consent of AstronomyBoy.com.
PRIVACY POLICY
AstronomyBoy.com is very respectful about the privacy concerns of the visitors to its site
on the Internet. As a general policy, no personal information is automatically collected from
visitors to this site. However, certain non-personal information of visitors is recorded by the
standard operation of AstronomyBoy.com Internet servers.
This information is primarily used to provide an enhanced online experience for the visitor.
Information tracked includes the type of browser being used by the visitor (e.g., Chrome,
Internet Explorer, FireFox, etc.), the type of operating system (e.g., Macintosh, Windows) in use by the
visitor and the domain name of the visitor's Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast,
AT&T, Verizon, etc.). By having this information, web pages optimized for a particular
visitor's computer may be automatically made available to that visitor.
Other use of this information may include internal review of the number of visitors to
this site but only in an aggregate and non-personally-identifiable form. E-mail addresses
and other personally identifiable data about visitors to this site are known to AstronomyBoy.com
only when voluntarily submitted by the user. AstronomyBoy.com affiliated web sites that are
linked to this site and that engage in any additional information practices will explain those
practices at that site.
Use of IP Addresses
An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever
you're surfing the Web. Web servers — the big computers that "serve up" Web pages —
automatically identify your computer by its IP address.
AstronomyBoy.com collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, report
aggregate information, and to audit the use of our site. When visitors request pages from
AstronomyBoy.com, our servers log the visitors' IP addresses. We do not normally link IP
addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a user's session will be
logged, but the user remains anonymous to us. We can and will use IP addresses to identify
a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Acceptable Use Policy or
Terms of Service or to protect our service, site, customers, or others.
Use of Cookies
What are cookies? Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an
individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make Web-surfing easier for
you by saving your preferences while you're at our site. We never save passwords or credit
card information in cookies. The use of cookies is an industry standard — you'll find them at
most major Web sites.
By showing how and when visitors use a site, cookies can help us to see which areas are
popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on such
data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked
with cookies. We use the information from cookies to provide services better tailored to our
users needs. Visitors to AstronomyBoy.com always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse
all cookies or to prompt you when a cookie is being sent. However, note that some parts of
the site may not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies.
Links to Other Sites
Visitors should be aware that when they are on AstronomyBoy.com, they could be
directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from our
pages that take you outside our service. These other sites may send their own cookies to
users, collect data, or solicit personal information.
Please keep in mind that whenever you give out your personal information online —
for example, via message boards, Twitter, Facebook or other services — that information can be collected and used
by people you don't know. While AstronomyBoy.com strives to protect their users' personal
information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose
freely online and you do so at your own risk.
AstronomyBoy.com policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the
Internet, and therefore beyond AstronomyBoy.com's control, and is not to be applied in any
manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation.
Security
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our
visitors is of utmost concern to us. We exercise great care in providing secure transmission
of your information from your PC to our servers. Unfortunately, no data transmission over
the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect
your personal information, AstronomyBoy.com can't ensure or warrant the security of any
information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at
your own risk.
A Special Note To Parents
Children must get permission from their parents before sending any information about
themselves (such as their names, E-mail addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet,
to AstronomyBoy.com or to anyone else. AstronomyBoy.com will not knowingly allow anyone under
the age of 13 to register with our sites, to order services or
products online, or to access any features that require registration. AstronomyBoy.com believes
that parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider using parental
control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a
kid-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing online
their name, address, and other personal information without parental permission.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability
The materials on AstronomyBoy.com are provided "as is" and without warranties
of any kind either express or implied. AstronomyBoy.com disclaims all warranties, express or
implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a
particular purpose, other than those warranties which, under the laws applicable to this
agreement, are implied by law and are incapable of exclusion, restriction, or modification.
Neither AstronomyBoy.com, nor its affiliated or related entities, nor any person involved in
the creation, production, and distribution of AstronomyBoy.com warrant that the
functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be
corrected, or that AstronomyBoy.com or the server that makes them available are free of
viruses or other harmful components. The material and info that you read on our web site
is provided solely for instructive and educational purposes. AstronomyBoy.com does not
warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the
materials on AstronomyBoy.com in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.
You expressly agree that use of AstronomyBoy.com is at your
sole risk. You (and not AstronomyBoy.com) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing,
repair or correction. You expressly agree that neither AstronomyBoy.com, nor its affiliated or
related entities, nor any of their respective employees, or agents, nor any person or entity
involved in the creation, production, and distribution of AstronomyBoy.com are
responsible or liable to any person or entity whatsoever for any loss, damage (whether
actual, consequential, punitive or otherwise), injury, claim, liability or other cause of any
kind or character whatsoever based upon or resulting from the use of AstronomyBoy.com. By way of example, and without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, AstronomyBoy.com and related persons and entities shall not be responsible or liable
for any claim or damage arising from failure of performance, error, omission, interruption,
deletion, defect, delay in operation, computer virus, theft, destruction, unauthorized access
to or alteration of personal records, or the reliance upon or use of data, information,
opinions or other materials appearing on this site. You expressly acknowledge and agree
that AstronomyBoy.com is not liable or responsible for any defamatory, offensive or illegal
conduct of other users or third parties.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless, AstronomyBoy.com, its officers, directors,
employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party information providers to the
Service from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable
attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these Terms of Use.
If you have anything you'd like to see or pass along to AstronomyBoy.com, let me know! After all, YOU are the reason that makes this site great! E-mail me at .
We're an anti-spam website, so you won't get any junk mail from us, and I want you to
know that your name and email is never sold, shared, bartered, or otherwise given away to
any other person or mailing list. Ever.
If you have received junk e-mail or spam that appears to come from AstronomyBoy.com, please click here.
Getting Started | CG-5 Mount | SAA 100 List | Constellation Portraits | Barn Door TrackerComet Hale Bopp | Homemade Eyepieces | EQ Mount Tutorial | Millennium Rant | Biography | Home
Web site by DeTray Associates
www.DeTray.com
Privacy Policy