http://www.airoflo.com/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
About Us
Product InformationFloating Brush Rotors1600 Series FBR
2200 Series FBR
Floating Directional MixersMaxflo FDM
Anoxic Zone Mixing
Mechanical Info
Optional Features
EZ Access
BIOFLO
LITERATURE
ApplicationsAerobic Digesters
Ammonia Polishing
Anoxic Mixing
Lagoons
Orbals
Oxidation Ditches
Performance
Case Histories OverviewFoley, AL
Design Application PDFs
Downloads
Testimonials
Technical PapersEnhanced Aerobic Digestion
Advanced Oxidation Ditches
Improved Activated Sludge
Winery Improvements
Photos/ VideosPhoto Gallery
Video Gallery
LITERATURE & NEWS
Contact
Request a Quote
Privacy Policy
airoflo.com is committed to protecting the rights of all visitors to airoflo.com. We are committed to keeping your personal information secure and have created this privacy statement to share our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
Information Collection and Use
We will protect your information, and will not release your name, email address or other personal information to any advertiser, merchant, or other third parties not related to airoflo.com without your permission. We will not give, sell, share, rent, or trade information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. airoflo.com stores its records in the United States. airoflo.com is the owner of the information collected on this website.
Links to Other Sites
The airoflo.com website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. When leaving our website, be sure to read the privacy statements of each website that collects personally identifiable information. Our privacy statement applies solely to information collected on the airoflo.com website.
Security
airoflo.com has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of customer information stored on our systems. We use industry standard procedures and processes, such as firewalls, encryption, token authentication, application proxies, and monitoring technology to track abuse of our network and its data. When you submit information about yourself to airoflo.com over the internet, the information may travel over many systems that are not under the control of airoflo.com. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate and typical physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. All employees, contractors and other companies engaged by airoflo.com for work that involves access to personal information are contractually required to keep the information confidential and not to use it in any way other than what is necessary to perform their work for airoflo.com.
Cookies
The use of cookies is an industry standard, and most websites use them to provide useful features for you, such as saving your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit a website. airoflo.com may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, for statistical purposes, or to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Most internet browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can set your internet browser to refuse cookies, but you may not be able to take full advantage of a website if you do.
IP Address
An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the internet. All computer identification on the internet is conducted with IP addresses, which allow computers and servers to recognize and communicate with each other. Your IP address does not contain your name but does provide additional demographic information. airoflo.com does not release IP addresses to advertisers or third parties. We use your IP address to help diagnose or detect problems with our server, for security reasons, to conduct system administration and site analysis, and to administer our website. Any demographic information collected from your IP address is separated from your name and email address to protect your privacy.
Notification of Changes to the Privacy Policy
The airoflo.com privacy policy may be updated to increase our users' privacy protection or to improve our information practices. If there are changes made in the future, the changes will not affect information already collected. Any changes to the airoflo.com privacy policy will be available on this page for users to review.
Web design and hosting by U.S.NEXT