http://www.pds-europe.com/privacy
PRODUCTS
TranSEND™
Ascentos™
SERVICES
Data Transformation Services
SEND Express™
SEND Guidance
Validation
Training
SEND
What is SEND - A Primer
Our Differentiation
TranSEND - SaaS Platform
SEND Services
SEND Dataset
GLP Certification
LIMS
LIMS For Preclinical
LIMS For CRO
LIMS For Chemical Industry
Enhanced with AI
Ascentos™ - SaaS Platform
GLP Certification
SECTORS
Life Sciences
Chemical
CRO
EVENTS
MORE
Who We Are
Leadership Team
Technology
News
Posters
Video Channel
Our Thinking
Strategic Alliances
Support
Careers
Media
Contact Us
privacy
PDS Life Sciences Privacy Policy
Introduction
PDS Life Sciences is committed to the protection of the privacy rights of individuals. This Privacy Policy (“PDS Life Sciences Privacy Policy”) explains how PDS Life Sciences handles information relating to an identified or identifiable individual (“Personal Information”) that is provided to PDS Life Sciences or that PDS Life Sciences collects when you visit www.pdslifesciences.com (the “Site”). More specifically, this Privacy Policy informs you as to the categories of Personal Information that we collect or process, why such Personal Information is processed, how it is used and what rights you have. This Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Information collected on any third-party site or application (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from our websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or data collection, use and disclosure practices of those sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of each site you visit.The terms “you,” “your,” and “yours” refer to anyone utilizing the Site. The terms “PDS Life Sciences,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to PDS Life Sciences, LLC. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. By using the Site, you consent to the practices set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may periodically make changes to this Privacy Policy that we will include on this page. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy frequently and remain informed about any changes.
How and what personal information is collected
a. Essential Cookies. Essential cookies facilitate your use and navigation of the Site. Essential cookies include session cookies, which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you close the browser.b. Analytics Cookies. We and our service providers use analytics cookies that collect aggregated and / or anonymous information to analyze the performance of the Site and how it is used. For example, analytics cookies show us which areas of the Site are most frequently visited. An example of a third-party analytics cookie is the Google Analytics cookie. Users may obtain information on how to opt out of Google Analytics cookies at the following URL: https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads.c. Third Party Marketing Cookies. These cookies collect information on your activities on the Site and other sites to display targeted marketing based on your interests.Some browsers offer a “do not track” (“DNT”) option. Because no common industry or legal standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators, we do not respond to DNT signals. We will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard. However, you may elect not to accept cookies by changing the designated settings on your web browser. Please note that some features of our Site may not function without the essential cookies.
How information is used.
We may use the Personal Information in one or more of the following ways:•	Sending information or materials you request•	Responding to your questions and concerns posted via the Site•	Providing a newsletter or other marketing communications•	Operating and improving the Site•	Improving our products and services and our marketing efforts•	Conducting research and analysis•	Processing and delivering contest entries and rewards•	Evaluating your job application if you have submitted it through the Site•	Linking or combining your information with other information we may receive from third parties to help better serve you.3.	LEGAL BASIS FOR THE PROCESSING.We will only process your Personal Information if we have one of the following legal bases to do so:a. the processing is necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, such as tax reporting or regulatory requirementsb. we have obtained your prior consent for processing your Personal Information for a specific purpose, such as evaluating your job applicationc. the processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of PDS Life Sciences, which are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms
How do we receive information about you?
We receive your Personal Information from various sources:
When you voluntarily provide us your personal details in order to register on our Site;
When you use or access our Site in connection with your use of our services;
From third party providers, services and public registers (for example, traffic analytics vendors).
User Rights
We will only process your Personal Information if we have one of the following legal bases to do so:a. the processing is necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, such as tax reporting or regulatory requirementsb. we have obtained your prior consent for processing your Personal Information for a specific purpose, such as evaluating your job applicationc. the processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of PDS Life Sciences, which are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms
Retention
We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide our services, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies. Retention periods will be determined taking into account the type of information that is collected and the purpose for which it is collected, bearing in mind the requirements applicable to the situation and the need to destroy outdated, unused information at the earliest reasonable time. Under applicable regulations, we will keep records containing client personal data, account opening documents, communications and anything else as required by applicable laws and regulations.
We may rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion.
Cookies
We and our trusted partners use cookies and other technologies in our related services, including when you visit our Site or access our services.
A "cookie" is a small piece of information that a website assign to your device while you are viewing a website. Cookies are very helpful and can be used for various different purposes. These purposes include allowing you to navigate between pages efficiently, enable automatic activation of certain features, remembering your preferences and making the interaction between you and our Services quicker and easier. Cookies are also used to help ensure that the advertisements you see are relevant to you and your interests and to compile statistical data on your use of our Services.
The Site uses the following types of cookies:
a. 'session cookies'
which are stored only temporarily during a browsing session in order to allow normal use of the system and are deleted from your device when the browser is closed;
b. 'persistent cookies
' which are read only by the Site, saved on your computer for a fixed period and are not deleted when the browser is closed. Such cookies are used where we need to know who you are for repeat visits, for example to allow us to store your preferences for the next sign-in;
c. 'third party cookies'
which are set by other online services who run content on the page you are viewing, for example by third party analytics companies who monitor and analyze our web access.
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but Personal Information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. You may remove the cookies by following the instructions of your device preferences; however, if you choose to disable cookies, some features of our Site may not operate properly and your online experience may be limited.
We also use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about your use of the Site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users access the Site, what pages they visit when they do so, etc. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our Site and services. Google Analytics collects the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit sites, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use
and the Google Privacy Policy.
Third party collection of information
Our policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent you disclose your information to other parties or sites throughout the internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. Accordingly, we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third party that you choose to disclose information to.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals whom we do not employ or manage, including any of the third parties which we may disclose information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
How do we safeguard your information?
PDS Life Sciences takes seriously the security of your Personal Information. In order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction, we implement technical and organizational measures that we consider appropriate in light of the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of processing as well as the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons. However, you should be aware that we cannot ensure that your Personal Information will never be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed in ways not described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications.
Transfer of data outside the EEA
Please note that some data recipients may be located outside the EEA. In such cases we will transfer your data only to such countries as approved by the European Commission as providing adequate level of data protection, or enter into legal agreements ensuring an adequate level of data protection.
Advertisements
We may use a third-party advertising technology to serve advertisements when you access the Site. This technology uses your information with regards to your use of the Services to serve advertisements to you (e.g., by placing third-party cookies on your web browser).
You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") and the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA"). For more information about this practice by NAI and DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by NAI and DAA members, please visit their respective websites:
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/ and http://optout.aboutads.info/#!/.
Marketing
We may use your Personal Information, such as your name, email address, telephone number, etc. ourselves or by using our third party subcontractors for the purpose of providing you with promotional materials, concerning our services, which we believe may interest you.
Out of respect to your right to privacy we provide you within such marketing materials with means to decline receiving further marketing offers from us. If you unsubscribe we will remove your email address or telephone number from our marketing distribution lists.
Please note that even if you have unsubscribed from receiving marketing emails from us, we may send you other types of important e-mail communications without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. These may include customer service announcements or administrative notices.
Corporate transaction
We may share information in the event of a corporate transaction (e.g. sale of a substantial part of our business, merger, consolidation or asset sale). In the event of the above, the transferee or acquiring company will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy Policy.
Minors
This Site is not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 13. Any person who provides their information to PDS Life Sciences through any part of the Site represents to PDS Life Sciences that they are 13 years of age or older.
Updates or amendments to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to periodically amend or revise the Privacy Policy; material changes will be effective immediately upon the display of the revised Privacy policy. The last revision will be reflected in the "Last modified" section. Your continued use of the Platform, following the notification of such amendments on our website, constitutes your acknowledgment and consent of such amendments to the Privacy Policy and your agreement to be bound by the terms of such amendments.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the way we collect or handle your information, please contact us at privacy@pdslifesciences.com We will take every privacy concern seriously and will assess it in a reasonably timely manner.
Last Modified Jun 2, 2019
SEND
TranSEND™
SEND Express™
What is SEND - A Primer
SEND Guidance
Training
Validation
TranSEND™ Demo
GLP Certification
LIMS
Ascentos™
Training
Validation
Ascentos™ Demo
GLP Certification
ABOUT
Meet The Team
Technology
Events
Posters
News
Support
Contact Us
Our AssociationWe actively participate with:
Button
Button
Button
© 2020
PDS Life Sciences
Privacy
Terms
Share by: