https://www.bspp.org.uk/privacy/
Skip to content
Contact us
Log InBecome a member
News
Latest News
Blogs
Video Content
Newsletters (PDFs)
Audits & BSPP Published Documents
MPP Opinion Pieces
Crosswords
Our Journals
Overview of our 3 journals
Plant Pathology
Molecular Plant Pathology
New Disease Reports
Funding
Undergrad (Summer Student) Bursary
Undergraduate ‘Lockdown’ Bursary Fund
Student Infographics Competition 2020
MSc/MRes Bursary
Short study awards
Fellowship Funding (4 Opportunities)
Travel Funding
Event Organisation Fund
Promotion of Plant Pathology Fund
Education
BSPP Outreach
BSPP Best Student Paper Prizes
Primary School (up to 11 yrs UK)
Secondary School (up to 14 yrs UK)
GCSE and A-levels (14-18 yrs UK)
University Level (18 yrs+ UK)
Careers and Educational Courses in Plant Pathology
Conferences
Conferences – View Full List
J Colhoun Poster Prize
P.H. Gregory Talk Prize
RKS Wood Prize
Previous BSPP Sponsored Conferences
About us
The Society and Board
Current Board Members
Honorary Members
Equality, Equity, Diversity and Inclusion (EEDI)
Audits & BSPP Published Documents
Publicity Resources
Links to Other Societies
Search
Latest Tweets10th December 2020#Fusarium oxysporum - an endophyte and #plantpathogen
How does Plant Immunity impact Endophyte Mediated Resistance?
#openaccess #biocontrol
10th December 2020Researchers discover how bean plants fend off famished foes http://ow.ly/Rkc750CHTxb 10th December 2020LRR-RLK mediated immunity - Ruling out SGT1 in bacterial PAMP-triggered immunity @GangYuPlant @AlbertoPMacho @MPPjournal
Load More... New Disease ReportCercosporella unguis-cati, the causal agent of the leaf spot of Dolichandra unguis-cati, reported from Paraguay
8th December 2020
Latest Publications in Plant PathologyIdentification of fungal pathogens and analysis of genetic diversity of Fusarium tricinctum causing root rots of alfalfa in northeast China
Population genetic structure of four regional populations of the barley pathogen Pyrenophora teres f. maculata in Iran is characterized by high genetic diversity and sexual recombination
Phloem and xylem modifications of Vitis vinifera L. stems in response to Flavescence dore phytoplasma infection
Latest Publications in Molecular Plant PathologyVmmilR37 contributes to pathogenicity by regulating glutathione peroxidase gene VmGP in Valsa mali
Plasmopara viticola effector PvRXLR111 stabilizes VvWRKY40 to promote virulence
The conserved aromatic residue W122 is a determinant of potyviral coat protein stability, replication, and celltocell movement in plants
…
Privacy Policy
23rd October 2018
Introduction
Welcome the British Society for Plant Pathology’s privacy notice. The British Society for Plant Pathology respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice is to inform:
our members; and
non-members, such as persons visiting our website;
as to how we look after your personal data and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This privacy notice is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below.
1. Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy notice
This privacy notice aims to give information on how the British Society for Plant Pathology collects and processes personal data of:
our members; and
non-members, such as a person visiting our website whether or not applying for membership or persons attending one of our meetings.
(References to “you” in this privacy notice refer to both our members and non-member visitors to our website).
Controller
The British Society for Plant Pathology is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as “British Society for Plant Pathology”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice).
We have appointed Dr William Kay as our Membership Database Administrator at the British Society for Plant Pathology who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice and compliance with privacy and data protection laws. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, please contact Dr William Kay using the details set out below.
Contact details
British Society for Plant Pathology
Dr William Kay Membership Database Administrator webmanager@bspp.org.uk
C/O Professor Mahmut Tör School of Science and the Environment University of Worcester Henwick Grove Worcester WR2 6AJ
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues  (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Third-party links
Our website, at www.bspp.org.uk, may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
2. The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes your name and title.
Contact Data includes your postal address, your email and your telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes details of:
any grants, bursaries, fellowships or other funding we have provided to you or are considering providing to you;
your payment method for membership i.e. direct debit or cheque, and whether you pay for membership monthly or annually. If you pay for membership electronically we do not collect any bank or payment card details as payment is made through a third party payment process service provider, for example GoCardless or Sage.
Membership Data includes information about:
the journals you subscribe to;
meetings we organise that you attend;
any awards you have such as our P.H. Gregory Prize and J Colhoun Prize;
your professional or academic status;
Profile Data includes information about:
your professional interests;
other relevant information such as your reasons for joining the British Society for Plant Pathology.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
If you do not let us have the personal data about you that we request then you will not be able to be or remain a member, for example without your email address we will be unable to deliver journals to you or include you on our newsletter to inform you of upcoming meetings.
3. How is your personal data collected?
We may collect data from and about you when you fill in forms on our website or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise.
4. How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. For example:
Where we need to perform a contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
For Membership administration and accounting purposes. For example in order to check if membership fees have been paid and to contact you if payment has not been made.
To contact you by e-mail or post about our activities. For example, sending you journals, newsletters and details about our meetings and events.
Where you have opted-in to any searchable member database we may operate from time to time. For example, where members are able to search for contact details of other members based on other members contact details and professional interests.
Providing relevant Identity Data and Contact Data to our journal publishers. For example, to confirm your entitlement to a publishing discount that may be available from our journal publisher as part of your membership with the British Society for Plant Pathology, or your entitlement to receive access to a journal. However, we do not otherwise disclose your information to any third parties. Our present journal publisher is Wiley Blackwell (Wiley).
For including on our website. For example, including your Identity Data and research papers on our website where we have provided funding or any other award to you.
For administering honorary memberships. For example, in relation to our honorary members for including your name on our website, providing a website link to your published biographical information published in our journal Plant Pathology and providing all the benefits of membership to the British Society for Plant Pathology without charge.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
In some cases our journals may be published by a third party publisher such as Wiley. At the time of writing our journals Plant Pathology and Molecular Plant Pathology are published by Wiley. If you subscribe to these journals direct with Wiley, without also being a member of the British Society for Plant Pathology, then we will not hold or have access to your personal data that you have provided to Wiley.
You can learn more about Wiley’s policies relating to protecting the personal information they collect from users of their services such as subscribers, reviewers and authors of journals at https://authorservices.wiley.com/statements/data-protection-policy.html and athttps://www.wiley.com/en-gb/privacy.
Our journal New Disease Reports is presently published internally by the British Society for Plant Pathology but if we transfer this to Wiley in the future, in which case your Identity Data and Contact Data will be passed to them.
Third-party marketing
We will not disclosure your data to any third parties.
Opting out
In relation to:
Our members and honorary members, if you would like us to delete the personal data we hold about you then you can request that we do so by contacting us at any time. However, by deleting your personal data your membership will also be cancelled as it is a membership requirement that we have your permission to process your personal data as stated in this policy.
Our searchable members database, from time to time, if we make available a searchable members database via our website which you have expressly opted-in to be included on, then you may opt-out of this searchable database by contacting us at any time.
5. Disclosure of your personal data.
Your personal data will only be accessible by third parties as follows:
In relation to your Contact Data, your email or postal address with our journal publishers in order for them to fulfil the delivery of a journal to you or our website publishers in order for them to deliver emails relating to our newsletters or meetings.
In relation to your Financial Data (such as bank account and payment card details) for the purposes of your membership fee when joining and renewing your membership with us and meeting fees for attending our meetings. However, your Financial Data will not be held by us, and instead be held by our payment process service provider GoCardless, Sage or similar third party payment service provider who process such payments on our behalf.
6. Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
7. Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Typically the retention criteria varies as follows:
for members, we keep data for two years after the cessation date of a membership.
for members who have received any funding, we keep data for a minimum of 7 years following the time of the funding.
for members who have received an award, we keep the Identity Data and details of the award on our website as a permanent record.
for honorary members, we keep the Identity Data of the honorary member on our website as a permanent record.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data. For example, see below under section 8 at “Request erasure” for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights).
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
8. Your Legal Rights
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below),  where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Please contact us at anytime if you like to make any such request.
19th December 2018
Post navigation
This is the post popupThe BSPP edit 3 international journals
Right
The British Society for Plant Pathology
Registered office:
c/o Professor Mahmut Tör
School of Science and the Environment
University of Worcester
Henwick Grove
Worcester
WR2 6AJ
InformationContact us
Login
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Latest News
Become a member
Latest Tweets10th December 2020#Fusarium oxysporum - an endophyte and #plantpathogen
How does Plant Immunity impact Endophyte Mediated Resistance?
#openaccess #biocontrol
10th December 2020Researchers discover how bean plants fend off famished foes http://ow.ly/Rkc750CHTxb 10th December 2020LRR-RLK mediated immunity - Ruling out SGT1 in bacterial PAMP-triggered immunity @GangYuPlant @AlbertoPMacho @MPPjournal
Load More...
×
[ Placeholder content for popup link ]
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close