http://www.fluidimaging.com/privacy-statement?hsLang=en
Read our Blog
Products
FlowCam® + LO
FlowCam® Nano
FlowCam® 5000
FlowCam® 8000
FlowCam® ALH
FlowCam® Cyano
FlowCam® Macro
VisualSpreadsheet 4®
VisualSpreadsheet 5®
Aquatic Applications
Phyto & Zooplankton
HAB Monitoring
Drinking Water Monitoring
Microalgae Cultivation
Other Aquatic Apps
Particle Analysis
Biopharmaceuticals
Nanoparticles
General Industry
Lab Services
Support
FlowCam Services
Customer Training
How-to Videos
FlowCam University
Order Supplies
Resources
About
Blog
FlowCam in the News
Event Calendar
Our Team
History
Careers
Press Page
Contact
Privacy Statement
We Take Your Privacy Very Seriously
Updated October 14, 2020
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Yokogawa Fluid Imaging Technologies, Inc. (www.fluidimaging.com). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
What information is collected from you on this website
We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, through submission forms on our website or other direct contact from you.
What information we collect and why
Here’s a list of the information we collect from you and how we use it:
Name, email address, phone number, address, country and other contact information
To provide information, promotions, product offers, and new products and services
To connect you with representatives and distributors in your region to provide you with local FlowCam services
To deliver your purchases to you
To provide ongoing support to help you with your purchased products and services
To answer your inquiries or requests
Topics of interest (market, application)
Produce and provide content that is interesting and relevant to you
Contact history
So we can pick up where we left off! We talk to a lot of people every day so we keep track of our correspondence with you to ensure we provide you with the best service and support
Purchase history
To keep track of what services we provided to you, and identify what services we may need to provide to you in the future
Your IP address and device type used to access our website (mobile phone, or computer), as well as what pages you visited on our website and any form submissions
Improve our website to best deliver you information that you are interested in and that is relevant to you
To prevent fraud and other legal requirements imposed upon us
Sharing your information
We do not and will not sell or rent any of your personal information to any third parties. However, we share necessary information with the following categories of companies to provide you with our services:
Representatives, agents in your country/region; our parent company Yokogawa Electric Corporation; and subcontractors to fulfill our purposes.
Professional service providers, such as our website host and Customer Relationship Management system, who help us run our business
Outside shipping companies to ship orders, and our bank’s credit card processing service to bill users for goods and services. Note that payment information is destroyed immediately following the processing of a payment.
Public authorities when required to make such disclosure pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.
Retention of your information
Once you submit your information to us, we will hold onto it for the duration of our business relationship - as long as needed to provide services to you, or for as long as is necessary to provide support-related reporting and trend analysis.
If reasonably necessary or required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, enforce our terms and conditions, or prevent fraud and abuse, we may also hold on to some of your information as required.
Your access to and control over your information
You can do the following at any time by contacting us at info(at)fluidimaging.com or calling us at +1-207-289-3200:
See what data we have about you, if any
Change/correct any data we have about you
Have us delete any data we have about you
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Marketing messaging
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, and changes to this privacy policy. You can opt out of our marketing messaging at any time by contacting us at info(at)fluidimaging.com or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in any marketing email.  You can also use the link in the marketing email footers to manage your subscriptions.
Your rights include the following:
The right to be informed about what information we collect and how we use it
The right of access- you have the right to obtain a copy of your personal data, a confirmation that we are processing your personal data, and any other supplementary information
The right to rectification- you have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified or completed if incomplete.
The right to erasure- you have the right to have your personal data erased.
The right to restrict processing- you have the right to request the restriction or suppression of processing your personal data.
The right to data portability- you have the right to obtain the personal data you provided to us to use for your own purposes across different services where technically feasible.
The right to object- you have the right to object to processing your personal data in certain circumstances
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
California Consumer Privacy Act
We provide Californian consumers the categories of third-parties with which the information is shared or sold to in the preceding 12 months of the verifiable request. We may share data with third-parties, but they are not allowed to sell to another party without receiving explicit written notice from that consumer and giving that consumer a chance to opt-out from the sale of their data. In any case, we cannot assume responsibility for that third-parties handling of data. Californian consumers have the option to opt-out of the sale of their personal data by us by a verifiable request. Our Californian clients can also request to know what third-party their information has been sold or disclosed to.
Unsubscribe at any time
You can unsubscribe from our communications at any time by clicking the link in the footer of every marketing email. You can also email us directly at info(at)fluidimaging.com.
If you have any questions about our policy please contact us directly, or call (877) 412-1770.
If you are concerned about the compliance of your legal rights in relation to your privacy, you may also contact your local privacy data protection authority.
Our website may contain links to third party websites. We are not responsible for the (privacy) practices or the content of those other websites.
We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. You will find the date of the last update on the top of this page and you will be informed of any changes when you visit our website next time.
Products
FlowCam Nano
FlowCam 8000
FlowCam 5000
FlowCam ALH
FlowCam Cyano
FlowCam Macro
VisualSpreadsheet
Aquatic Applications
Phyto & Zooplankton
HAB Monitoring
Drinking Water Monitoring
Microalgae Cultivation
Other Aquatic Apps
Particle Analysis
Biopharmaceuticals
Nanoparticles
General Industry
Lab Services
Support
Resources
About
Contact
Privacy