http://www.marwell.org.uk/zoo/misc/privacy-notice
Home
Privacy Notice
We take your privacy seriously!
At Marwell Wildlife, all personal data that we collect about you will be recorded, used, and protected by us in accordance with data protection legislation and the following Privacy Notice. This Notice was updated in May 2018; make sure you check back for updates from time to time.
Marwell Wildlife is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office and conforms to the General Data Protection Regulation 2018. Marwell Wildlife is also registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 and all personal data submitted is treated in accordance with the Act. Information about your entitlements under the Data Protection Act is available on www.gov.uk/data-protection.
The following Notice is issued by Marwell Wildlife hereinafter referred to as “Marwell”. Registered charity no. 275433, Company No. 1355272, registered office: Marwell Wildlife, Colden Common, Winchester, Hampshire. SO21 1JH.
Marwell is the Data Controller under the GDPR for the purposes of this Notice.
This Privacy Notice explains our data processing practices and your options regarding the ways your personal data is used by us. Please contact us at marwell@marwell.org.uk if you have any requests regarding your personal data or any questions with regards to our processing and methods.
Personal Data Collected
Marwell respects the need to maintain online privacy and the protection of personal data. We make every effort to ensure that the personal data received and the use of our website is secure and non-intrusive.
When you register for membership
Marwell Wildlife collects the personal data provided by you during registration or booking on our site.  Personal data includes names, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses, dates of birth, bank and credit card details.  We have a lawful basis and legitimate interest to process this personal data so that we can administer your membership with us.  You may also provide us with personal information relating to a third party, if the membership is bought as a gift for example.  We have a lawful basis and legitimate interest to process this personal data so that we can administer their membership with us.  In both situations, our legitimate interest to process the personal data is not outweighed by your rights and freedoms as a data subject.
When you book online or ask for marketing communications (including our e-newsletter)
If you opt into communications from us, you will receive updates from us, only in connection with specific activities (e.g. confirmation, transactions, monthly newsletter updates, other Zoo news, events, adoptions and competitions). None of your personal data will be used for other purposes without your specific approval.
When you book online, please tick the box provided if you would like us to contact you via email and/or SMS regarding all the latest Marwell animal news, special offers and event information. If you do not wish to receive any further information simply leave the relevant box un-ticked. Personal data submitted on forms through our website is transmitted securely. Personal data sent from your machine to our web server is encrypted using the latest SSL technology.
We may use personal information stored in our databases to promote, via email, Marwell activities but we do not supply personal information to any other organisations without specific agreement from the individual. You may opt out of mailings when you initially submit your personal information on the website, or you may decide to do this at a later date by emailing us at marwell@marwell.org.uk or opt out at https://www.marwell.org.uk/zoo/keep-in-touch/register, you can also easily un-subscribe at the bottom of Marwell Wildlife emails.
When you subscribe to the Marwell Wildlife E-Newsletter, sign up to a competition or complete an online booking form, or at any other point provide us personal information, we will use this to personalise and improve your user experience as well as creating a custom profile for you.
When you use our website
You give us personal data when you register to use our website, enter a competition, promotion or survey and when you report a problem with our site. The personal data you give us may include your name, address, email address, phone number, date of birth, gender, personal description and photograph.
Using our app
If at any point during your visit, or before/after, you use any of our digital platforms, including the Marwell Zoo website or our free PUBLIC WiFi around the park, we may collect the following information from you. We may use this information to improve user experience and also to allow us an insight into how our guests use and navigate our digital facilities and park. This also includes the use of the Marwell Zoo app where we may record pages you view and your location when you view them; however this data is not personal.
Non-personal Information
Non-personal information is also collected on this website, this information does not identify you as an individual, but allows us to monitor and improve our digital services. Non-personal information includes records on the pages accessed on our site and files downloaded.
The following are not personalised and are available through our web analytics platform only:
How you navigated, or were referred, to our site.
How you use our digital presence. This includes any links you click on an individual page, resource downloads or website searches. We can also see how much time is spent on a page.
If you have interacted with any videos or other media, including how long you watch a video for and how many times.
Any information you have submitted to complete online forms.
Your device type, including browser, versions and plug-ins, and your operating system. This can also include the location you view our website or e-newsletters from.
The device used to download and explore the Marwell app. This allows for location tracking around the park to tailor tours and push notifications.
How We Use Your Personal Data
If you’re curious, we use your personal data for the following purposes:
To administer your membership with us.
To provide you with products and services in the usual course of our business.
So we can update you on any products or events linked to (or similar to) your past purchases, as well as products you may have expressed interest in.
So we can personalise any marketing communications you receive from us, once you have consented these emails of course.
To ensure you are aware of any upcoming competitions or promotions, including any competitions you may have already entered.
We store your booking details securely for our record keeping purposes; this includes our ability to claim Gift Aid.
To enable us to improve our service by carrying out Market Research.
By collecting data about the pages you view on our website, this allows us an insight into your ‘profile’, so we can monitor your interests for the future and tailor our re-marketing correspondence.
To receive donations from you and thank you for your donation.
Our Legal Grounds for Processing Your Personal Data
We are processing your personal data on the following grounds:
The processing is necessary for the performance of the contract (your membership) between you and us;
The processing is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations;
The processing is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another person;
The processing is necessary for achieving our legitimate interest. In accordance with data protection law, we have carefully weighed your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms against our interest to process your information and are satisfied that we are justified in processing your information for this purpose
Stay Up To Date
As the majority of our information, updates, competitions and news is sent straight to your inbox (if you have opted in to correspondence from us), we want to ensure you don’t miss a thing. If you wish to unsubscribe from emails from Marwell Wildlife, please contact us on marwell@marwell.org.uk or opt out on https://www.marwell.org.uk/zoo/keep-in-touch/register. You can keep up to date with our Zoo News on the website if you do not wish to receive information from us to your email.
If you opt in to SMS communications during your online day ticket booking, we may use your mobile number to contact you with updates before, throughout and up to 14 days after your visit. As stated above, if you do not wish to receive these communications simply leave the opt-in box blank when completing the form.
Disclosure
There are occasions that we may assign other agencies or organisations to process your personal data on our behalf. Some examples of these may be payment processing organisations or select marketing agencies who carry out campaigns for us. We have a legitimate interest to share your personal data in this manner .  We are always careful who we share your data with and can guarantee our partners will not share your information or contact you to market their own services. They will only contact you if you have agreed to receive communications from us, or agreed to share your data. This will not result in communications from third parties or other organisations.
The agencies who we may share your data with are:
Campaign Monitor - Secure emails and newsletters
MERAC - Order fulfilment
Supersaas - Education bookings only
Semantic - Temporary online order processing
Yieldlify - Online conversion optimisation
Raiser’s Edge - Customer Relationship Management
APBooth - Annual Membership order processing
Feefo - online review generation
Sky - TV advertising evaluation
To the best of our knowledge, understanding and belief, your information will not be transferred outside of the European Economic Area unless there are adequate safeguards in place.
Personal Data Retention
We only keep your personal data for so long as it is reasonably necessary. When setting our data retention periods, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data we hold, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of the personal data and the purposes for which we process the personal data (including whether we can achieve those purposes by other means). We also take into account our other legal obligations to keep or securely dispose of personal data.
Generally speaking, we retain your information for the following periods of time:
Members: Duration of membership + 6 years or until HMRC audit whichever is the longer.
Interactions through our website: Up to 10 years.
Cookie Policy
Cookies are small pieces of data given to your browser by a website which may be stored as text files in the cookie directory of your computer. Cookies are not programs and cannot collect information from your computer. They do not damage your computer and are defined as "a piece of text stored on a user's computer by their web browser. A cookie can be used for authentication, storing site preferences, shopping cart contents, the identifier for a server-based session, or anything else that can be accomplished through storing text data" (source: Wikipedia, 2011). You can find out more about the way cookies work here. (https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/)
Each website may send cookie data to your browser which may save it if your browser's preferences allow it to do so. To protect your privacy your browser only returns a cookie to the website that sent you the cookie and does not send it to any other website. A website cannot access your cookie directory or information on your computer, instead relevant cookies are included by your browser within each request you make to the website. A website can only obtain cookie data that your browser sends to it. If you want to turn off all cookies please see the following links:
Safari
Chrome
IOS
Android
You can also delete cookies at any time; please check your browser settings.
Cookies are only used on this site to hold data from one page to another. They are not used to store personal information. You do not have to accept cookies and you can change the settings within your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, reject cookies from certain websites, notify you if a site is requesting to set a cookie, and various other options.
Switching off cookies will still allow you to view the majority of content on our site, however, it will prevent you logging in (e.g. for adopters) and so accessing additional information. It will also stop us remembering you if you ask us to do so, and may restrict your use of our interactive tools and of some services available through linked sites.
Security of Information
We always make sure your personal data is safe and secure with us at Marwell. When you make an online booking and submit your credit card details to us, we use a secure payment gateway with encryption technology to guard your information. With regards to any paper-based systems that remain intact at Marwell, we ensure the highest security systems are in place to keep your information secure.
Web Links
We have a page for links as well as various other links around the Marwell Zoo website. These links and websites are out of our control and are not covered or included in this Privacy Notice. Their policy may not be the same as ours and we cannot control what information is stored and used by them.
Your Rights
Under data protection law you have the following rights:
The right to access a copy of your personal data which we hold. This is called a 'subject access request';
The right to prevent us processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing or to withdraw your consent by using any of the methods explained above;
The right to object to us processing your personal data in certain other situations;
The right, in certain circumstances, to have your personal data rectified, blocked, erased or destroyed if it is inaccurate; and
The right, in certain circumstances, to claim compensation for damages caused by us breaching data protection law.
From 25 May 2018 you will have the following additional rights under data protection law:
Enhanced rights to request that we erase, rectify, cease processing and/or delete your personal data; and
In certain circumstances, the right to request the personal data we hold on you in a machine readable format so that you can transfer it to other services.
You also have the general right to complain to us (in the first instance) and to the Information Commissioner's Office (if you are not satisfied by our response) if you have any concerns about how we hold and process your information. Our contact details are set out below. The Information Commissioner's Office website is www.ico.org.uk.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Any material changes we may make to our privacy notice in the future will be uploaded to our website.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to our Data Protection Officers at Marwell Wildlife, Thompsons Lane, Colden Common, Winchester, SO21 1JH or email marwell@marwell.org.uk.