http://www.foundrax.co.uk/legal-disclaimer/
Legal Disclaimer - Foundrax
Skip to content
Login
UserName
Password
Remember Me
Enquire Online Now
×
""
1
Enquire Online Now
Nameyour full name
Emaila valid email
Numberyour full name
Enquirymore details0 /
Enquire Now
Previous
Next
Foundrax Finance   |
Video Tutorials   |
Newsletter
Legal Disclaimer
Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd. uses reasonable care to make sure that the information appearing on this Site is accurate and up-to-date. However, errors and omissions do occur and the user should not take the accuracy of the information for granted but should check directly with Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd. None of the material contained in this Site is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact.
Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd. shall not be liable for any loss of profits or contracts or any direct, indirect or consequential loss, business interruption or loss of data or programs arising out of or in connection with the use of the information either contained within this site or from any of its Hyper link connections, other than death or personal injury to the extent that this is caused by the negligence of Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd.
Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd. may also make improvements and/or changes to the content of this information at any time without notice. All services, product and product price specifications contained within the Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd. website are subject to change without notice.
INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE WWW.FOUNDRAX.CO.UK WEB SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AS SUCH EXCLUSIONS OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES SHALL APPLY PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS.
Links to Third Party Sites Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd. cannot and has not reviewed all pages of the sites linked to this Site and therefore cannot be liable for their content. Users link to other sites at their own risk and use such sites according to the terms and conditions of use of such sites. Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd. provides links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd. or the site.
Copyright No part of this website may be copied or imitated in whole or in part. No logo, graphic, sound or image from this website may be copied or re-transmitted unless expressly permitted in writing by Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd. (These prohibitions are without limitation to the legal rights of Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd.)
Any information provided to Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd. in connection with its Web Site shall be provided by the submitter and received by Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd. on a non-confidential basis. Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd. shall be free to use such information on an unrestricted basis. In particular, we may transfer information between our subsidiary companies in different countries both inside and outside the European Economic Area.
Trademarks The trade marks and logos (the Trademarks) used and displayed on this Site are registered and unregistered trademarks of Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd. and others. They may not be used in any advertising or other publicity materials in relation to the distribution of any information or materials obtained from this Site without the prior written consent of the Trademark owner. (These prohibitions are without limitation to the legal rights of Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd.)
Governing Law
Any dispute or claim concerning or arising from this website shall be determined in accordance with the law of England and Wales, and the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction in determining such disputes or claims.
Privacy Policy
Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd. Privacy Policy provides information regarding accuracy, access, security and how it manages visitor, supplier and client information collected from its website(s).
Inquiries referring to the accuracy of information on the Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd. website may be directed to the editor.
Security and PasswordsIn order to register with this site and to sign in when you visit the passworded area, you will need to use a user name and password. You are solely responsible for the security and proper use of your password, which should be kept confidential at all times and not disclosed to any other person. You must notify us immediately if you believe that your password is known to someone else or if it may be used in an authorised way. We accept no liability for any unauthorised or improper use or disclosure of any password.
Interruptions and Omissions in Service Whilst we try to ensure that the standard of this website remains high and to maintain the continuity of it, the Internet is not an inherently stable medium, and errors, omissions, interruptions of service and delays may occur at any time. We do not accept any liability arising from any such errors, omissions, interruptions or delays or any ongoing obligation or responsibility to operate this website (or any particular part of it) or to provide the service offered on this website. We may vary the specification of this site from time to time without notice.
What are ‘cookies’ and why do we use them? ‘Cookies’ are ways of saving a small amount of personal information. We only use them to save your user name or password to allow easy access to our site. We advise you not to use ‘cookies’ if your computer is shared by other people. For more information on ‘cookies’ see our Cookies page.
Information Submitted by You We will process any data which you provide in completing the online registration or application forms and any further forms containing company and personal details which you complete or provide to us when using this site in accordance with UK data protection legislation.
How is this data safeguarded The security of your data is extremely important to us. Access to your company and your personal data is only provided to our staff. We do not pass information about you or your company to any third parties.
Your Use of our Web Site You may only use this Site for lawful purposes when seeking information. You must not under any circumstances seek to undermine the security of the Site or any information submitted to or available through it. In particular, but without limitation, you must not seek to access, alter or delete any information to which you do not have authorised access, seek to overload the system via spamming or flooding, take any action or use any device, routine or software to crash, delay, damage or otherwise interfere with the operation of this Site or attempt to decipher, disassemble or modify any of the software, coding or information comprised in the Site.
Information on our Web Site
Whilst we make every effort to ensure that the information on this site is accurate and complete, some of the information is supplied to us by third parties and we are not able to check the accuracy or completeness of that information. We do not accept any liability arising from any inaccuracy or omission in any of the information on our web site or any liability in respect of information on our web site supplied by you, any other site user or any other person.
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction The use of this website and any agreements entered into through this website are to be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the use of this website or any agreement made through this website.
Terminology
Data – information which is being processed by equipment operating automatically in response to instructions given for that purpose, is recorded with the intention that it should be processed by means of such equipment, is recorded as part of a relevant filing system or with the intention that it should form part of a relevant filing system or forms part of an accessible record.
Data Protection Acts 1984 and 1998 – these are the Acts of Parliament which set out principles relating to the use of data to ensure that the rights of the person who is the subject of the data are protected under the law.
Personal data – data which relates to a living individual who can be identified from those data, or from those data and other information which is in the possession of, or is likely to come into the possession of, Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd.
Privacy policy – this is a statement by Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd. which explains the ways that we try to protect our users’ privacy.
Third Parties – these are companies and people other than Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd. and the group of companies of which it is part.
Users – people who use our website and register their details with us for the purposes of commenting about our site, gain more information and general business use.
If you have any queries about our privacy policy, please get in touch with us.
© Foundrax 2018
Designed and built by GMA
Back to top
Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd, Wessex Park, Somerton, Somerset, England, TA11 6SB
Registered in England and Wales No. 00460583  |  Legal Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy  |  Cookie Policy  |  Sitemap
Call Now
Menu
Hardness Testing MachinesBrinell MicroscopesBrinell Reference BlocksCustomer Case StudiesServices and TrainingContactBlog