http://www.eartheasy.com/policies-f-a-q/
arrow-right
arrow-left
chevron-down
close
basket
account
search
wishlist
star
spinner
check-mark
grid
list
plus
minus
ee-leaf
checkmark
video
help
icon-expand
cart
user
search
tree
bulb
balance
family
icon-search-ee
icon-basket-ee
icon-user-ee
icon-eartheasy-badge
icon-instagram
icon-new-close
This website uses cookies for analytics, marketing, advertising and functional purposes in line with our Privacy Policy. To change your cookie settings, or find out more, click here. If you continue browsing our website, you accept these cookies.
Got it
Shop our eco-friendly gift category, with Free Shipping over $75
Customer Service
Contact Us
Gift Certificates
Shipping Information
Satisfaction Guarantee
Returns
Privacy & Security
F.A.Q.
Affiliate Program
Product Questions
Have a specific product question? See if it has already been answered by clicking on the Q & A tab of the products page. If your question has not yet been asked and answered there, feel free to contact us by one of the methods below.
Email
If you have a question regarding your order, you may email our customer service staff at: service@eartheasy.com.
Phone
Order by phone or contact Customer Service, call Toll Free: 1-888-451-6752 (Weekdays, 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific Standard Time)
Live Chat
To chat live via instant messaging with a product expert, click the Live Chat icon at the bottom right of the page. (Weekdays, 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific Standard Time)
Mail:
Eartheasy.com 605-55 E Cordova St.
Vancouver, BC V6A 0A5 Canada
How can I track my order?
To track your order, please click here to log into your Eartheasy Account. Your username is the email address you entered during checkout. Your automatically generated password will have been emailed to that same address.
How is my order secure?
Eartheasy is Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliant, which means we abide by industry regulated rules required to transact payments on our site. We also use a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to process customer details, and the actual processing of your credit card is done securely by our credit card processor, PayPal.com. Eartheasy does not retain any customer credit card information.
What currency is this site in? Where are the products shipped from?
All prices on this site are listed in US Dollars. All products are shipped from within the United States.
What information do you collect on site visitors?
We collect anonymous user data based on where people click on our website as a means to improve the layout and design of the site. Our goal is to develop the optimum user experience for site visitors.
Do you ever sell customer data?
We do not sell any customer information. To us, that’s bad business!
When will I get my order?
In most cases, your order will ship the day after it is placed. Some items take a few days (or longer) to be assembled and packaged. When shopping on Eartheasy, each product detail page has a notice regarding shipping times. The time it takes to receive your order also depends on your distance from the shipping origin. This varies between 1 to 5 business days. Your tracking email will provide you with specific information regarding delivery time.
What does shipping cost?
Add an item to your shopping cart, then click on the View Cart button, and look to the left of the screen. Enter your zip code in the Estimate Shipping box, and click submit.
What shipping methods do you use?
We use UPS, FedEx, Freight, and sometimes USPS. Most heavy items can only ship Ground. Shipping some of our light-weight items can be expedited by choosing the FedEx 2-day shipping option. During the checkout process you will be presented with all available shipping options and estimated costs.
What can I do if a product is out of stock?
If a product is temporarily out of stock, a link will appear which says “email me when this is back in stock". By clicking this link and providing your email, you will receive notice of product availability as soon as we are restocked.
How can I pay for my order?
You can pay using Visa, Mastercard, Discover, Amex, or PayPal. You are welcome to mail us a check, but please call us first.
Do you accept Purchase Orders from schools and businesses?
Yes we do. Please call us to place the order.
When is my credit card charged?
Your card is charged when you place your order. We follow the “Business Guide to the Mail, Internet and Telephone Order Merchandise Rule” published by the Federal Trade Commission. If you prefer to be charged when your order ships, please call us before ordering and we can make arrangements to manually process the transaction for you.
Where is Eartheasy located?
Eartheasy has an office in Vancouver, BC Canada. Products are shipped from within the Central United States to ensure the best average shipping prices across the US. Some oversize products are shipped directly from distributors to reduce shipping costs to our customers, while also reducing the environmental impact of shipping to and from our warehouse.
How can I be notified of upcoming sales?
Enter your email address in the Newsletter box at the bottom right corner of the page and you will receive our weekly email newsletter, which offers articles, new product information and any seasonal or product specific discounts which may be available.
How long has Eartheasy been in business?
Eartheasy was launched in October, 2000.
Satisfaction Guarantee
We want you to be completely satisfied with every purchase you make. If you are in any way dissatisfied with a product you ordered, we’ll exchange it, replace it or refund your money within 30 days of purchase. Simply email us the problem, and we’ll take care of you.
Certain products have extended warranties (up to 50 years!) that are listed on the particular product page.
Please see our Returns page for full details, and call us at 1-888-451-6752 if you'd like further clarification.
Terms & Conditions
In-stock orders normally ship within 1 business day of placing your order. Those items which are shipped directly from a manufacturer list the time frame in which they ship on the product page. If you are unsure, please call us. Out-of-stock orders will ship once the item is back in stock. We will send you the shipping notice once the item is back in stock and has been shipped. How soon you receive the product(s) depends on the shipping method you have chosen.
The total price of your order will be charged to your credit card when you place your order online. If you wish to cancel an order, you may request a cancellation by calling us at 1-(888) 451-6752. However, we may not receive and process your cancellation request before we accept and ship your order, in which case your cancellation request may not be effective. We reserve the right to limit quantities available for sale or sold. We reserve the right at any time to reject, correct, cancel or terminate any order for any reason whatsoever.
If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with a product you have purchased, we will give you a full refund or exchange within 30 days after you receive it in its original condition (including all packaging, accessories and manuals). In the event that a returned order has any packaging, manuals, accessories, or other items missing, the return may be refused, or we may deduct the value of any of the missing items. Shipping charges are non-refundable; however, we will refund your original shipping cost if you are returning an item because of an error on our part, or we have determined that the product is defective.
We rely on the information you provide through Eartheasy.com, including registration information, payment information, and transaction-related information, which must be accurate, current and complete. You will be solely responsible for any and all loss, damage, and additional costs that you, we or any other person may incur as a result of your submission of any false, incorrect or incomplete information.
You may contact us at: service@eartheasy.com or 1-888-451-6752.
Account
Login
Create
Search
search_icon
Home
Green Home
Kitchen & Dining
Bed & Bath
Laundry Room
Natural Home Cleaning
Non-Toxic Pest Control
Energy Conservation
Yard & Garden
Raised Garden Beds
Planters & Potting Tables
Complete Garden Kits
Composting
Greenhouses
Natural Lawn Care
Water Conservation
Non-Toxic Pest Control
Watering
Garden Supplies
Indoor Gardening
Chicken Coops and Sheds
Off-Grid & Outdoors
Camping
Camp Kitchen
Lighting & Energy
Off Grid & Emergency Supplies
Water Filtration
Lifestyle
Travel & Adventure
Health & Wellness
Baby & Kids
Zero Waste
Pets
Gifts
For the Home
For the Gardener
For the Chef
For Kids
Camping & Outdoors
Under $50
Stocking Stuffers
Gift Wrap & Cards
Best Sellers
Sale
Clearance
Learn
Our Story