http://www.nag.co.uk/content/privacy-notice-0
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Numerical Algorithms Group Ltd
The Numerical Algorithms Group Ltd (NAG) is a company limited by guarantee established as a global centre-of-excellence in numerical algorithms, software engineering and high performance computing. We are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of everyone we encounter. Our Privacy Notice explains how we use any personal information that you provide to us, or that we may collect about you. The information that we hold about you will only be used lawfully under the rules established by the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) that came into law on 25 May 2018. NAG's privacy policy statement specific to North America can be found here.
How the law protects you
GDPR state that we are only able to process personal data if we have valid reasons to do so. The reasons we process your personal data include, but are not limited to, your consent, performance of a contract, billing, and to contact you.
What information NAG may collect about you
We aim to keep the personal information that we collect about you to a minimum. This information is usually just your name, job title, mailing address, phone or e-mail address.
When and how NAG may collect information about you
Online registrations: when submitting one or more of the forms on the NAG website (newsletter subscription, trial request, price enquiry, webinar or training registration) you are sharing your information with us
Customer surveys: details of the responses of customer surveys
Becoming a customer: when a purchase of a NAG product or service is made
Collaborators/Voluntary contributors: when you enter into a collaborative or voluntary contribution agreement
Face-to-face: when we meet you at an event
Marketing activities: we select people, using data available publicly, who we think will be interested in our products and services
Telephone and written communications: when you contact us, we will store the minimum amount of information that enables us to service future requests
NAG suppliers/resellers: when you enter into a contract with NAG to supply services
How will we use the information about you?
Customers, Prospective Customers and Collaborators
The information you volunteer, or that we collect, will be used to send communications that we feel will be of interest to you and your work, and we aim to keep the frequency of messages to a minimum. Customers are sometimes contacted to invite feedback on our products and services. However, all contacts have the option to limit or stop communications from us at any time.
How we use customer data
To process orders that you have submitted to us;
To provide you with products and services;
To comply with contractual obligations we have with you;
To help us identify you and any accounts you hold with us;
To administer accounts, process payments and keep track of billing and payments;
Suppliers and Resellers
Supplier and Reseller information will only be used regarding the service being provided to NAG.
The lawful basis under which we are processing data
We believe that we have a legitimate interest to communicate with all the stakeholders identified in this notice (customers, prospective customers, collaborators, suppliers and resellers). Legitimate interest assessments have been carried out internally as required under the GDPR. We will continue to monitor our activities and how the legislation is implemented to ensure we adhere to best practice.
Sharing data with third parties
NAG does not try to profit from sharing your information with any third parties. Occasionally we may collaborate with third parties, for example, by organising jointly held events. In this instance we would not share your information unless it was stated in advance to you by email or otherwise.
Access to your information and correction or deletion
You have the right to ask us for a summary of the data that we hold on you. We have a legal obligation to respond within 30 days to your request. If you think we are holding incorrect information about you, or would like your data deleted, please contact us and we will process your request. To protect the personal data we hold, we will require proof of identity in these circumstances.
Our data retention time periods
We retain contact information for existing customers, collaborators and those that we believe have an interest in our products or services. ‘Profound respect for the individual’ is a key NAG value, and as such we do not want to continue contacting people who are not interested in our products and services. We make unsubscribing from some, or all our communications as easy as we can and will provide links to do this on all our communications, either directly, or via this Privacy Notice which is linked from direct emails.
We conduct an annual review of our database to try to identify contacts where there has been no interactive communication with a view to removing these contacts. Before removing anyone, we will email identified people asking if they wish communication to end.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to compile statistical reports. These analytics help us to assess the number of visitors, page views and followers to optimize future content. For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the websites mentioned above explain in detail how to remove cookies from your browser. Please note that in a few cases some of our website features may not function because of this.
Email marketing
We send some of our marketing communications using an email marketing service that helps us measure the popularity of subject links embedded in an email. This helps us make our marketing communications relevant to the recipient.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This Privacy Notice only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review and as such it may be subject to change. We advise that you regularly check it, so you are aware of any changes. This Privacy Notice came into effect on 10 May 2018.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our Privacy Notice or the information we hold about you: by email (info@nag.co.uk) with subject heading Attn: GDPR, or write to us at
GDPR, Numerical Algorithms Group Ltd, Wilkinson House, Jordan Hill Road, Oxford OX2 8DR, UK
NAG Head Office Address: Numerical Algorithms Group Ltd, Wilkinson House, Jordan Hill, Oxford, OX2 8DR, UK. See here for NAG’s other global locations. Registration number 1249803.
Your rights
You have the right to: object to our use of your personal data, ask us to delete, remove or stop using it if there is no need for us to keep it. This is known as your right to be forgotten. We may not be able to delete your data upon request due to our legal and/or accountancy obligations. If you think we are retaining or using your personal data incorrectly then please inform us via the methods outlined in the ‘How to contact us’ section above.
Data breaches
In the event of a data breach, we shall ensure that our obligations under applicable data protection laws are complied with as appropriate.
Your right to complain
If you would like to complain about the information or explanations contained within this Privacy Notice, please contact us using the methods outlined in the ‘How to contact us’ section above. GDPR legislation also gives you the right to complain to the Information Commissioners Office, the lead authority governing the application of GDPR in the UK.
Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF. Tel: 0303 123 1113
If you want to stop, or limit the amount of communications from NAG, please follow this link.
Learn more about NAG