http://www.generativenlp.com/privacy-policy.html
HomeAbout UsServicesResourcesStoreContact UsLinksGNLP NewsletterPlease leave your email to receive our newsletter. Get our free report  "10 Essential Things You Have To Know About Making Decisions" when you subscribe*Email:We value your privacyWhat do you want?GenerativeNLP Privacy PolicyGeneralGenerative Change Technologies respects the privacy of every individual who visits our website. This Privacy Statement outlines the information we will collect and how we will use that information. This Statement will also instruct you on what to do if you do not want your personal information collected when you visit our website.Personal InformationWe will not collect your name, address, telephone number, or email address unless you provide it to us voluntarily. However, we may attempt to collect such information if we believe your use of this website violates any laws. If you do not want this information collected, please do not submit it to us.If you have already submitted this information and would like for us to remove it from our records, please contact us at the email address listed at the bottom of this Statement. We will use reasonable efforts to delete your information from our existing files.When you do provide us with personal information, we may use that information in the following ways: we may store and process that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our services. We may also use that information to contact you. However, we will not provide that information to third parties.ChildrenWe have no intention of collecting any personal information (that is, name, address, telephone number, or email address) from individuals under eighteen years of age. Where appropriate, we will specifically instruct children not to submit such information on our website. If a child has provided us with personally-identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child should contact us at the email address listed at the bottom of this Statement to request that this information be deleted from our records. We will use reasonable efforts to delete the child's information from our existing files.Other Information Collected AutomaticallyIn some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally-identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet Browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the URL of the website from which you linked or clicked to our website.Information we May Place Automatically on Your Computer's Hard DriveWhen you view our website, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a "cookie" or similar file and will help us in many ways. For example, cookies allow us to tailor our website to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet Browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.Who to ContactIf you have submitted personal information through this website and would like that information deleted from our records, please contact us at the following email address: info@generativenlp.com  We will use reasonable efforts to delete your information from our existing files.| Back |
Home | About Us | Services | Resources | Store | Contact Us | Links Site Map | Privacy Policy | Legal Notices
Charles Moore • Uxbridge Road • Kingston • Surrey • KT1 2LL • UK •© 2001-2020 Generative NLP • All Rights Reserved. • info@generativenlp.comResource and Training Centre for the Mythoself Process and The Mythogenic Self Experience
info@generativenlp.comBOOK NOW +44-(0)20-8974-8974View Basket | New Account | Sign In