https://www.wenck.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, (Wenck collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that Web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how visitors use the website. From time to time, Wenck may release non-personally identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Wenck also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments. Wenck only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally Identifying Information
Certain visitors to our website choose to interact with Wenck in ways that require Wenck to gather personally identifying information. The amount and type of information that Wenck gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for our newsletter to provide a name and email address. In each case, Wenck collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Wenck. Wenck does not disclose personally identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Wenck may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. For instance, Wenck may monitor the most popular pages on the site. Wenck may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Wenck does not disclose personally identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally Identifying Information
Wenck discloses potentially personally identifying and personally identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf or to provide services available at our website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using our website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Wenck discloses potentially personally identifying and personally identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Wenck believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Wenck, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered for our newsletter and have supplied your email address, Wenck may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new services, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on. Wenck takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally identifying and personally identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Wenck uses cookies to help Wenck identify and track visitors, their usage of Wenck website, and their website access preferences. Wenck visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Wenck, with the drawback that certain features may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Wenck were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Wenck goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Wenck may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Wenck may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in our sole discretion. Wenck encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.