http://www.lrc.rpi.edu/privacy.asp
Advancing the effective use of light for society and the environment
News
Newsroom
Event Calendar
LRC in the News
Sign up for LRC News
Research
Light & Human Health
Illumination for Plant Health
Transportation & Safety
LEDs & 3D Printing
Energy & the Environment
Education
Graduate Education
Outreach Education
Admissions
Design
Lighting for Healthy Living
Design Demonstrations
Sponsors
About Us
Our Mission and Role
Staff Directory
Directions
Contact Info
Privacy Policy
The LRC respects your right to privacy, and we work hard to protect your privacy. We use physical and technical safeguards to protect your information and restrict access to LRC personnel who need it to maintain the Web site and programs featured on the site. Our Web site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Data Collection
The LRC gathers data on its Web sites. This is a standard industry practice and is used to find out how visitors use our site. We may collect information about you from different areas of our Web site, but we do not sell your information to anyone. We collect aggregate information on the public areas of our Web site. This information is used to analyze visitor needs and improve our Web site content and navigation.
The LRC may collect information you provide when you:
Register on our Newsroom for the LRC quarterly newsletter
Sign up for our LED Institute
Participate in one of our LIVE! From the LRC events
Purchase one of the Lighting Education online courses
Request a Graduate Education brochure
Join the Alumni section of our site
Logon to a secure section of our site
Download a publication from or register with the NLPIP section of our site
Participate in a survey or fill out an online form
We may collect the following data:
How many people visit our Web site
The pages they visit and the features they use
How long they stay on our site
The Web site visitors come from before reaching our site
Use of "Cookies"
We store a cookie on your computer when you visit the Partners Only section of our Web site. A cookie is a tiny piece of information that is required to create and maintain a secure session. Our cookies let you request information from this section of the Web site, but they do not contain confidential or personal information. Our cookies do not track a user after leaving our Web site.
What happens if the LRC changes its privacy policy?
If we change our privacy policy, we will post a notice of the changes on our home page. This way you always know what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Contacting the LRC
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this Web site, or your dealings with this site, please contact:
Dennis Guyon
Senior Communication Specialist
Lighting Research Center
21 Union Street
Troy, NY 12180
guyond@rpi.edu
Contact Us | Privacy
| © 1995-2020 Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, NY 12180 USA - All rights reserved