https://www.ukfsc.co.uk/statement-of-privacy-gdpr-compliance/
Click here for test
Sorry, But you are not approved as our Member. We will contact you ASAP.
UK Flight Safety Committee
Statement of Privacy and GDPR Compliance
The UK Flight Safety Committee (UKFSC) seeks to comply with the provisions and spirit of the General Data Protection Regulations, and has reviewed its internal procedures and data holdings accordingly.
Purpose for which UKFSC holds personal data:
UKFSC holds personal data in order to contact any person or organization that has expressed an interest in our work or has a contractual or business relationship with the UKFSC, its members and employees, for the purpose of enhancing aviation safety.
UKFSC makes the following declarations about personal data held within the organisation:
UKFSC will not share the personal data of any individual with another organisation (regardless of whether data is sold or exchanged for free). Email addresses of UKFSC members who have registered for and been granted access to the protected Members’ Area of the UKFSC website may be shared with other bona fide members of the UKFSC community for the purpose stated above.
Any person or organisation may request access to personal data held about them by UKFSC at any time.
Any person or organisation may request that all personal data pertaining to them is removed from UKFSC databases.
UKFSC does not use personal data to research or profile any individual or organization.
UKFSC does not store or use any personal data acquired from third parties.
UKFSC will maintain a list of people who have explicitly stated that they do not want to be contacted by UKFSC or wish to be contacted only by specific means.
In the event of a data breach, UKFSC will promptly inform those individuals affected.
Your rights:
Any individual may withdraw their consent to be contacted by UKFSC at any time, without specifying a reason. If you wish to know what personal data are held by UKFSC, or wish for your personal data to be removed from our databases, please contact admin@ukfsc.co.uk.
If you think that UKFSC’s collection or use of personal information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate, or have other concerns about UKFSC data processing, please contact the Chief Executive via admin@ukfsc.co.uk, putting ‘GDPR Enquiry’ in the subject line. You can also complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/, by calling 0303 123 1113, or in writing to: Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF
Updated 25 June 2018
Loading...
Loading...