http://www.gradschools.com/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
Skip to main content
Toggle navigation
Browse By Major All A-Z
Business
Criminal Justice & Legal
Education
Fine Arts & Design
Health & Medicine
Liberal Arts & Humanities
Math, Science & Engineering
Nursing
Psychology
Public Affairs & Social Sciences
Religious Studies
Technology
Masters
PhDs
Online
Browse Colleges
Browse By Location By State
By City
International Programs
For Canadian Students
Resources Degree Guide
Financial Aid
Student Loans
Get Informed
Blog
Search form
Search
Home
Terms of Use | GradSchools.com
Terms of Use | GradSchools.com
General Information
Please read these Terms of Use carefully as they govern your use of this site and create a legal agreement between you and GradSchools.com, a part of EducationDynamics, LLC ("GradSchools"). From time to time, these Terms of Use may be updated or modified by GradSchools.com. Accordingly, GradSchools recommends that you bookmark this page, visit regularly, and note any and all changes thereto. If you do not agree and accept without modification the notices, terms and conditions set forth herein, do not use this site.
Privacy
These Terms of Use include GradSchool’s privacy policy, located here, which is incorporated here by reference and, therefore, also governs your visit to the site.
Intellectual Property
All material on or available through this site, including text, images, data, and illustrations, (collectively, the "Material") is protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws, and is owned, controlled, or licensed by GradSchools.com. UNAUTHORIZED COPYING, REPRODUCTION, REPUBLISHING, UPLOADING, DOWNLOADING, POSTING, TRANSMITTING OR DUPLICATING THE MATERIAL, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IS PROHIBITED. Provided that you agree to and accept without modification the notices, terms and conditions set forth in these Terms of Use, GradSchools grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-assignable and non-transferable license to visit, view, and retain a copy of pages of this site for your own personal, non-commercial use only. You may not modify, copy (except as set forth in the preceding sentence), distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, create derivative works from, license or sublicense, assign, or otherwise transfer this license or any of the Material or any information, material, software, products or services from this site. You may not link to or frame the Material, the site, or any portion thereof, for any purpose unless specifically authorized in writing by GradSchools, provided that nothing herein grants you any license, express or implied, to use any of GradSchools’ federal or common-law trademarks except as such trademarks may be embedded in the link itself. Moreover, you may not visit or use the site to appropriate GradSchools’ trademarks or tradedress and/or to copy or imitate the "look and feel" of the site, or any portions thereof, for any reason.
Access and Interference
You will not use any robot, spider, crawling, scraping, or other automated device, process, or means to access this site. Nor will you use any manual process to monitor or copy the site or the content contained thereon for any unauthorized purpose without GradSchools’ prior written permission. You will not use any device, software, routine, or take any action that interferes with the proper working of the site.
Partner Sites and Third-Party Sites
GradSchools partners with a range of other sites by sharing its site content in the form of a co-branded education portal section of the partner's site. The content and data of the Co-Branded Sites are stored on GradSchools’ servers, and the Co-Branded Sites are covered by this Terms of Use. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for your convenience, this site may reference or link to other third-party sites throughout the Web ("Third-Party Sites"). GradSchools has no control over Third-Party Sites or the content within them. Accordingly, GradSchools cannot guarantee, represent, or warrant that the content contained on such Third-Party Sites is accurate, legal, and/or inoffensive. These Terms of Use do not extend to your use of Third-Party Sites, and your use of Third-Party Sites is solely at your own risk. By using the GradSchools.com site to search for or link to Third-Party Sites, you understand and agree that you may not make any claim against GradSchools for any damages or losses, whatsoever, resulting from your use of the GradSchools’ site to obtain search results or to link to Third-Party Sites.
Suspected Violation of these Terms of Use
Violations of these Terms of Use, including unauthorized use of this site, may be investigated and appropriate legal action may be taken, including civil, criminal and injunctive redress. You agree that monetary damages may not provide a sufficient remedy to GradSchools for violations of these Terms of Use and you consent to injunctive or other equitable relief for such violations. You understand and agree that in GradSchools’ sole discretion and for any reason whatsoever, or for no reason, and without prior notice, GradSchools may terminate your access to the site.
Forums and Public Communication
For your convenience, GradSchools may offer discussion forums and blog opportunities ("Forums") where you and other users can submit content for public viewing ("Forum Content") to facilitate your socializing and networking with others interested in distance, online or other learning. You agree that all Forum Content is the sole responsibility of the individual or entity from whom such Forum Content originated. This means that you (and not GradSchools) are entirely responsible for all Forum Content that you submit via the Forum or elsewhere on the site. GradSchools does not control or guarantee the accuracy, completeness, usefulness, integrity, or quality of Forum Content. You understand and agree that you may be exposed to Forum Content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable. Under no circumstances will GradSchools be liable in any way for any Forum Content, including any errors or omissions in any Forum Content or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Forum Content submitted via this site.
Registration and Account Security
You represent and warrant that the registration information you provide to GradSchools is and will remain true and accurate. You are solely responsible for the security and confidentiality of your password and account. Furthermore, you are solely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to immediately notify GradSchools of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security with regard to your use of the site of which you become aware.
Your Participation in the Forums
You agree that you will not use a Forum or this site to submit or otherwise make available Forum Content that:
Is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, racially or otherwise hateful, or otherwise objectionable;
Harms minors;
Impersonates any person or entity or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity;
Conflicts with any obligations you have under law including under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under non-disclosure agreements);
Infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade-secret, or other proprietary rights of any third party;
Constitutes or contains unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of unauthorized solicitation;
Constitutes or contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
Interferes with or disrupts the site, related services, or servers or networks connected thereto or disobeys any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of networks connected to this site or related services;
Violates any applicable local, state, national, or international law or any regulations having the force of law;
Is used to stalk or otherwise harass another.
Forum Content Posted to Forums
You acknowledge that GradSchools may or may not pre-screen Forum Content, but that GradSchools will have the right in its sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever (or for no reason) to pre-screen, refuse, move, or remove any Forum Content that is available via the site. Without limiting the foregoing, GradSchools may remove any Forum Content that violates the Terms of Use or is otherwise objectionable in GradSchools’ sole discretion.
GradSchools asserts no ownership rights over the Forum Content you post, transmit, or otherwise make available for inclusion on the Forums or elsewhere on the site. With respect to such Forum Content, however, you grant GradSchools a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive license to use such Forum Content on the Forums, anywhere on the site, or elsewhere and in any media for the purpose of providing, promoting, or advertising the site and related services; such license will survive the termination, for any reason, of these Terms of Use.
DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement ("Notice")
Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or — if multiple works are covered by this Notice — you may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.
Identify the material or link you claim is infringing and provide a description of where the infringing work is located on the site.
Provide your mailing address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address.
Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice:
I hereby state that I have a good-faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., fair use).
I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed.
Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.
Claims of Infringement
GradSchools respects the intellectual property of others and requires that you do the same. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), the text of which may be found on the U.S. Copyright Office site at http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf, GradSchools will respond expeditiously to notices of alleged copyright infringement that are duly reported to its Designated Copyright Agent identified in the notice below. GradSchools will disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who are repeat infringers. If you believe your content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide GradSchools Copyright Agent the following information:
Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to GradSchools at:
Compliance Department, c/o EducationDynamics, LLC, 111 River Street, 10th Floor, Hoboken NJ 07030
While GradSchools considers all such notices seriously, you may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that content or activity is infringing.  Accordingly, if you are uncertain whether material infringes your copyrights (including whether use of copyrighted material may constitute fair use) you may wish to seek the advice of an attorney.
General Legal
Warranty Disclaimers
YOUR USE AND BROWSING OF THIS SITE AND THE CO-BRANDED SITES ARE SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SITE, AND EVERYTHING ON THIS SITE, INCLUDING THE MATERIALS AND THE CO-BRANDED SITES, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. GRADSCHOOLS.COM, ITS AFFILIATES AND AGENTS, SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITATION, GRADSCHOOLS.COM, ITS AFFILIATES AND AGENTS MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS THAT THE SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE, OR ITS SERVER ARE OR WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. IN ADDITION, GRADSCHOOLS.COM, ITS AFFILIATES AND AGENTS MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE CONTENT ON THIS SITE OR ON ANY CO-BRANDED SITE. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Indemnification
You will defend, indemnify, and hold GradSchools, its affiliates and agents harmless from: (i) your use of and access of the site; (ii) your violation of any of these Terms of Use; (iii) your violation of any third-party right including any copyright, trademark, tradedress, trade secret, or privacy right of content available on the site. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Use and your use of the site.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL GRADSCHOOLS.COM OR ITS AFFILIATES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THIS SITE OR THE CONTENT OR MATERIALS THEREIN INCLUDING ANY CO-BRANDED SITE, WHETHER IN A CONTRACT ACTION OR BASED ON NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER TORT ACTION, OR ANY OTHER CLAIM WHATSOEVER, EVEN IF GRADSCHOOLS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT WILL GRADSCHOOLS’ TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, IN ACCESSING THIS SITE.
Termination
The Terms of Use and/or site may be terminated by GradSchools for any reason (or for no reason) at any time without notice. In the event of termination, you are no longer authorized to access the site and all limitations on GradSchools’ liability regarding your use of the site and any Forum Content you post will survive.
General
These Terms of Use will be governed by the laws of the state of New Jersey without respect to its conflict of laws provision. Any claim or dispute between you and GradSchools that arises in whole or in part from this site will be decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Hoboken, New Jersey. Use of this site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give full effect to all provisions of these Terms of Use, including without limitation this paragraph and the warranty disclaimers and liability exclusions above. GradSchools has endeavored to comply with all legal requirements known to it in creating and maintaining this site, but makes no representation that Materials on this site are appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Use of this site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction where all or any portion of this site may violate any legal requirements and you agree not to access this site in any such jurisdiction. You are responsible for compliance with applicable laws. Any use in contravention of this provision or any provision of these Terms of Use is at your own risk. These Terms of Use, together with the privacy policy and any other legal notice published by GradSchools on this site constitute the entire agreement between you and GradSchools concerning this site. If any provision of these Terms of Use are deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use shall govern such use. GradSchools’ failure to insist on or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms of Use will not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.
Contact GradSchools
If you have questions, please contact GradSchools at info@educationdynamics.com. Please include the words, "Terms of Use" in the subject line of your e-mail.
Subscribe for information on earning a graduate degree
Email Address *
Leave this field blank
Sign Up
By entering my email address and clicking "Sign Up" I agree to be contacted by EducationDynamics for additional education products and services, this submission is not required to use our site. Privacy Policy.
Advertise | About | FAQs | Update Programs | Terms of Use | Legal Notice | Privacy Policy  |
Disclosure: What Determines Top/Best? | Do Not Sell My Personal Information (CA and NV residents)
© Gradschools 2020. All Rights Reserved.
The sources for school statistics and data is the U.S. Department of Education's National Center for Education Statistics and the Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System unless otherwise noted.
Disclosure: EducationDynamics receives compensation for many of the featured schools on our websites (see “Sponsored School(s)” or “Sponsored Listings” or “Sponsored Results” or “Featured Graduate School(s)”. So what does this mean for you? Compensation may impact where the Sponsored Schools appear on our websites, including whether they appear as a match through our education matching services tool, the order in which they appear in a listing, and/or their ranking. Our websites do not provide, nor are they intended to provide, a comprehensive list of all schools (a) in the United States (b) located in a specific geographic area or (c) that offer a particular program of study. By providing information or agreeing to be contacted by a Sponsored School, you are in no way obligated to apply to or enroll with the school.
This is an offer for educational opportunities that may lead to employment and not an offer for nor a guarantee of employment. Students should consult with a representative from the school they select to learn more about career opportunities in that field. Program outcomes vary according to each institution’s specific program curriculum. Specific School Disclosures. Financial aid may be available to those who qualify. The information on this page is for informational and research purposes only and is not an assurance of financial aid.
Find Schools