https://www.ippl.org/gibbon/ippl-policies/
IPPL’s Privacy Policy and OthersHomeIPPL’s Privacy Policy and Others
International Primate Protection League Privacy Policy
IPPL IS COMMITTED TO PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our on-line information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our home page and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect: This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the IPPL web site. On some pages, you can order products/subscriptions, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email Address
Phone Number
Payment Method
Billing Information
The Way We Use Information: You don’t want your personal information to fall into the wrong hands. Neither do we.
We may collect and store information about your visit on an anonymous, aggregate basis. This information may include the time and length of your visit, the pages you look at on our sites, and the site you visited just before coming to ours. We use this information only to measure site activity and to develop ideas for improving our site.
There may be several opportunities on our web site for you to provide us with information about you and your interests, such as your name, mailing address and e-mail address. The information you choose to share will not be shared with other organizations or companies. We will never sell your information to any other company.
Our web site does not use “cookie” technology (a cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store the cookie on your hard drive) to retain personal data.
Our Commitment To Online Data Security: To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment to Offline Information Security: We also protect your personal information offline. IPPL may receive personal information about you via offline sources like telephone or fax. We may use this in combination with information collected online in order to improve the services we provide. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing, donor services, or data entry) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. We do not trade, share, or sell share your personal information with any external organization that is not directly related to your transaction, unless authorized by you or required by law. We also do not send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information: You can modify your personally identifiable information by e-mailing info@ippl.org.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us: Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please email info@ippl.org.
Other Important Policies
IPPL’s Whistleblower Policy
IPPL’s Conflict of Interest Policy
IPPL’s Document Retention/Destruction Policy
Search Newsletters: Click here to search the newsletters
Categories
Africa (26)
Americas (2)
Asia (8)
Blog (203)
Bushmeat (1)
International Primate Trade (5)
IPPL Advocacy (24)
IPPL Sanctuary (81)
IPPL Spotlight (9)
Meet Our Gibbons (32)
Our Global Partners (14)
Partner Spotlight (6)
Pet Primates (4)
Primate Labs (2)
Primates in Entertainment (2)
Remembering (12)
Success Stories (7)
Zoos (1)
Menu
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Gmail
Print Friendly