http://www.folsomzoofriends.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Folsom Zoo Friends
Visit
Hours and Pricing
Directions
Upcoming Events
Dining
Tour The Zoo
Plan Your Event
Learn
Latest News
History
Our Animals
Avian
Bears
Canine
Feline
Insects
Pasture Hoofstock
Primates
Reptile
Small Animals
Wildlife Concerns
School Programs
Zoo Camps
Newsletter Archive
Support
Donations
Sponsorship
Planned Giving
Vehicle Donation
Online Store
Volunteer
Wish List
About
About Us
Donations at work
Contact Us
Credits
Privacy & Disclaimer
Join
PRIVACY & DISCLAIMERPrivacy is of great concern to the Friends of the Folsom Zoo, Inc.
Privacy Policy
We try to extend to our Web site visitors the same level of privacy that we demand from other Web sites.
The Friend of the Folsom Zoo Sanctuary (FFZS), a private 501(c)(3) organization, operates and maintains the Friends of the Folsom Zoo Sanctuary website (the “Site”). The purpose of this privacy policy is to give you confidence as you visit and use the site and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. Your use of this website constitutes your acceptance of this privacy policy.
Information Collected
FFZS collects certain information that personally identifies you only when you wish to access certain services and information. Examples include: Membership purchase; Donation; Event/class registration; and Newsletter subscription.
The Site automatically recognizes visitors’ domain names and IP addresses (the number assigned to computers on the internet.) No personal information about you is revealed in this process. The Site may also gather anonymous “traffic data” that does not personally identify you for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer.
Disclosure of Information
We will not sell, trade, exchange or otherwise make available any personally identifiable information to any other company or organization not directly affiliated with the FFZS or the Folsom City Zoo Sanctuary, except if required to do so in accordance with a court order, subpoena, or similar legal order, or state or local law, and in the event such disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of FFZS, its users, and other third parties.
Links
FFZS may provide links to third party websites and other websites may provide links to the Site. Third party websites operate according to their own terms of use and privacy policies. FFZS does not monitor or control such third party websites, and therefore you acknowledge and agree that FFZS is not responsible for the availability of such third party sites, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites. You further acknowledge and agree that FFZS, including the Folsom City Zoo Sanctuary, the City Folsom and County of Sacramento, will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use or reliance on any such content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites.
Children
FFZS is committed to protecting children’s privacy. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18 years of age.
Changes to This Policy
FFZS reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time without notice and, unless otherwise indicated, such changes will become effective immediately; therefore, please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of the changes. This Privacy Policy was last revised on April 27, 2016.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, our online practices, or your dealings with the Site, please contact:
Webmaster
Friends of the Folsom Zoo Sanctuary
P.O. Box 704
Folsom, CA 95763
information@folsomzoofriends.org
information@folsomzoofriends.org
Disclaimer
Please be aware that all fees, prices, benefits, and times presented on this website should be confirmed with the Folsom City Zoo Sanctuary beforehand.  All information on this website is provided to the best of our knowledge, and is subject to change; we cannot be held responsible for any possible inaccuracies.
The Friends of the Folsom Zoo Sanctuary, Inc. is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that assists in the support and development of the Folsom City Zoo Sanctuary.
Location Folsom City Zoo Sanctuary
403 Stafford Street
Folsom, CA 95630
Ticket Booth: (916) 461-6629
Tax ID 94-2783698
Content © 2019 Friends of the Folsom Zoo, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Latest Tweets
FolsomZoo@FolsomZoo
RT @tuleyomeorg: @tuleyomeorg thanks the @FolsomZoo for their lecture on their sanctuary zoo on Thursday. Check out the photos here:… https://t.co/1wo1jFaAUO
3 years
About Us The mission of the Friends of the Folsom Zoo Sanctuary, Inc., is to preserve and enhance a city treasure by assisting in the enrichment of the lives of the animals living at the Folsom City Zoo Sanctuary.