https://www.americanrivers.org/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
America’s Rivers
Where We Work
California
Great Lakes
Mid-Atlantic
Midwest
Northeast
Northern Rockies
Pacific Northwest
Southeast
Southwest
Discover Rivers
Rivers of the U.S.
Learn About Rivers
What Makes a River?
Enjoying Your Rivers
Blue Trails
American Rivers Films
Can’t Beat This Place For Fun
Rio Rica
Water Flows Together
Sonora Rising
Ranching In The New Normal
5000 Miles of Wild
A River’s Reckoning
Alice’s Garden: Solutions for Clean Water in Milwaukee
The Wild President
Milk And Honey
Avanyu – Protecting the Rio Grande
Every Bend
The World Beneath the Rims
62 years: The Green and Yampa Rivers
Legacy: Wyoming’s Snake Headwaters
Walt – Saving the San Joaquin River
Flint:
Georgia’s Flint River
The Important Places
Parker’s 50 Favorite Things About Rivers
Year of the River: The Elwha and White Salmon
I Am Red – The Colorado River
What’s Your River Story?
Share Your #5000MilesOfWild Story
We Are Rivers Podcast
Rivers, Lands and Belonging
The Current: Our Blog
Posts About Conserving Clean Water
Posts About Discover Rivers
Posts About Energy Development
Posts About National River Cleanup ®
Posts About Restoring Damaged Rivers
Posts About Water Supply
Posts About Wild and Scenic Rivers
Threats & Solutions
Protecting Wild Rivers
The Value of Wild Rivers
What is the 5,000 Miles of Wild Campaign?
Map of Wild and Scenic Rivers
Restoring Damaged Rivers
How Dams Damage Rivers
How Dams are Removed
Map of Dams Removed in the US
River Restoration Tools and Resources
Benefits of Restoring Floodplains
Mountain Meadow Restoration in California
Conserving Clean Water
Protecting Small Streams and Wetlands
How Stormwater Affects Your Rivers
Sewage pollution in Rivers
Water Efficiency and Conservation
“Greening” Water Infrastructure
Pharmaceuticals & Personal Care Products in Our Water
The Impacts of Climate Change on Rivers
Healthy Rivers, Resilient Communities
New Dams Won’t Solve Water Supply Needs
Energy Development & Rivers
Hydropower: Is It Really “Clean Energy”?
Hydropower and Climate Change
Mining’s Toxic Legacy On Rivers
Fracking, Oil and Gas Development
Pipeline Failures and our Water Supplies
Conservation Resources & Solutions
Rivers and Climate Change
Integrated Water Management Resource Center
Wild and Scenic Rivers Resource Center
River Conservation Publications
Policy Statements
Media Center
America’s Most Endangered Rivers®
About the Campaign
Donate Now
Other Ways to Give
Planned Giving
Workplace Giving & Stocks
Start a Personal Fundraisier
Donate Your Car
Have a Larger Impact
River Guardians
Anglers Fund
Become a River Ambassador in Your Area
Make a Donation
Make a One-Time Gift
Honor or Remember Someone Special
Become a Monthly Donor
Donor Advised Funds
About American Rivers
What We Stand For
Meet Our Team
Our Board and Advisors
River Councils
Careers & Internships
Contact Us
Make an Impact
Start a Fundraisier to Protect Rivers
Start a Fundraiser on Crowdrise
Join Our Crowdrise Fundraiser
Partner with American Rivers
Our Corporate Supporters
Become a River Ambassador in Your Area
Take Action for Your Rivers
Action Center
Join Us on Our Social Networks
Save Water at Home
Sign Up For News and Information
National River Cleanup ®
Take the Litter Pledge
Volunteer for a River Cleanup Event
Organize a River Cleanup
Privacy Policy
American Rivers is committed to the responsible management, use, and protection of your privacy.  This Privacy Policy was created to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your privacy.  The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices as it relates to subscribers to the American Rivers website (Site) and postal mailing list.  In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy.
Gathering Personal Information
American Rivers collects two kinds of information:  personal information that you choose to supply and non-personal information, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address.  We use your information to help us provide you with high quality service, carry out our mission effectively, and keep you updated on the latest news, opportunities, and achievements in river conservation and restoration.
We collect personal information when you:
register on our Site for membership and other services, such as river cleanups,
action alerts, and news updates
respond personally to our mailings and phone calls, or
make a donation, or
opt-in to receive American Rivers communications when purchasing items from our online store.
Our registration forms require users to provide contact information that may include your name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone number, format preference (HTML vs. Text), and personal interests.  Our staff may ask for similar information in a mailing or phone call.  If you are making a donation or gift, or placing an online order, we additionally request your credit card number to process your order.
Use Of Personal Information
Once you voluntarily supply your information, the way we use your personal information may include, but are not limited to:
responding to your questions, suggestions, and concerns;
providing you with services you request;
contacting you regarding upcoming events or other news about our work;
processing your credit card information – we do not store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card information.  When you choose to donate to American Rivers or buy through our online store, we ask you to voluntarily provide your name, address, telephone number, email address and credit card number so we can process your donation or purchase, send you a receipt or confirmation, and communicate with you if necessary. If you would prefer, you may provide that information by telephone or postal mail.
Sharing Personal Information
Subject to your right to opt-out (discussed below), American Rivers may share your name and postal address (but not your email address).  American Rivers, like other non profit organizations, makes some segments of the American Rivers’ mailing list available to other organizations we believe may be of interest to our members and supporters. However, these organizations do not have any independent right to share this information.
American Rivers may also share your information with third parties in the following situations (i) to complete your request, e.g. providing information about a project, product, or service; (ii) to outsource one or more of the functions described above; or (iii) to share your information with the authorities in response to a legal order or official request.
Opt-out: If you do not wish to have American Rivers share your information, please contact us by email at membership@americanrivers.org, by calling 202-347-7550 x7039 or by writing to: American Rivers Attn: Membership Department 1101 14th Street, NW, Suite 1400 Washington, DC 20005.
“Opting-Out” And Correcting Or Updating Your Personal Information
Email:  If you provide us with personal information through our Site, we give you the opportunity to “opt-out” of receiving electronic communications from us that are unrelated to the specific service for which we requested that information.  For example, if you are providing information to make a donation online, you are given the choice to opt-out of receiving news and alerts from American Rivers in the future.
If you believe your online profile (for email and Site) information is incorrect or you would simply like to update your personal information, you may edit your online profile by clicking on the “Log in” link at the top of any page. After logging in, “Edit Profile” appears in that same location.
You also may choose to remove your name and contact information from our email list by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email or by selecting the check box on the edit profile page to stop receiving email.
Postal mail: If you would like to review your postal mailing address (offline) information, correct it, or ask that American Rivers not share your information, please contact us by email at membership@americanrivers.org, by calling 202-347-7550 x7039 or by writing to: American Rivers Attn: Membership Department 1101 14th Street , NW, Suite 1400 Washington, DC 20005.
Safeguarding Personal Information
We authorize access to personal information about you only to qualified and trusted employees who we believe reasonably need this information in order to serve you or assist us in carrying out our mission.
Gathering Electronic Information
American Rivers also gathers certain electronic non-personal information when you visit our web pages.
Internet Protocol (IP) Address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet.
We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use Of “Cookies”
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the browsing computer and are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website and to make sure you do not see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.
Other Websites
Our Site contains links to other websites to provide you with a better experience.  Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which American Rivers claims no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Safeguarding Electronic Information
All information provided to American Rivers via the Internet is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of American Rivers. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of such information.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
American Rivers reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy.  Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting to this Site. We encourage you to check back regularly to ensure you understand our current privacy policies.
Questions And Suggestions
If you have any questions or suggestions about American Rivers’ Privacy Policy, please email us at feedback@amrivers.org, referencing this Privacy Policy in the subject line, or write to:
American Rivers
1101 14th Street, NW, Suite 1400
Washington, DC 20005
Copyright Questions
For any questions about copyright issues, please contact:
General Counsel
American Rivers, Inc.
1101 14th St, NW
Suite 1400
Washington, DC 20005
Phone: 202.347.7550
Email: contracts@americanrivers.org
Subscribe for Updates
Join more than 180,000 amazing people who stay up to date on news and ways they can help protect our rivers.
Subscribe
Donate Now
Donate*Please enter a number from 0 to 1000000.
Stay Up to Date
Subscribe