http://www.akronzoo.org/terms-conditions
This website uses cookies to ensure the best user experience. View more.
Accept and Close
Tickets
Hours
Events
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Last updated: 8/30/16.
Please read these Terms of Service (the “Terms”) carefully before using the www.akronzoo.org website (the “Service”) operated by Akron Zoo.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.  These Terms and use of the Service are also subject to Akron Zoo’s Web Site Privacy Policy and Security Statement.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
DISCLAIMER
The Akron Zoo website might not have full functionality when used with certain web browsers.  Akron Zoo is not responsible for the accuracy or legality of the content of the Service.  The user is responsible for the evaluation of the accuracy and/or applicability of any information obtained through the Service or other websites linked by the Service.  Akron Zoo makes no representations or warranties whatsoever with respect to your use of the Service, and specifically disclaims any liability, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused, or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with the use of, or reliance on, the Service.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Akron Zoo. Akron Zoo has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Akron Zoo shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to any conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect.  These Terms supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time without notice.  By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us via e-mail at info@akronzoo.org, by telephone at 330-375-2550, or at the following mailing address.
Akron Zoo
500 Edgewood Ave.
Akron, Ohio 44307
Related Pages