http://www.imeche.org/privacy-policy/imeche-privacy-policy#cookies
Skip to main content
Homepage
Privacy policy & disclaimer
IMechE's privacy policy & disclaimer
IMechE: Privacy policy and disclaimer
IMechE treats the privacy of its members and website users very seriously and we take appropriate measures to safeguard your privacy. This policy explains how we protect and manage any personal data you share with us and that we hold about you, including how we collect, process, protect and share that data.
Please read the following terms and conditions. By using this website ("Website") you are taken to have read, understood and consented to these terms and conditions ("Terms"). If you are uncertain about these terms and conditions, please contact the Data Protection Officer – DPO@imeche.org
Version 2.3, 9/12/20
About IMechE
This Website is operated by the Institution of Mechanical Engineers ("IMechE") of 1 Birdcage Walk, London, SW1H 9JJ.
For the purposes of any personal data processed whilst you visit this website, the Data Controller will be the IMechE. The IMechE is registered with the UK Information Commissioner, a copy of the registration is available via the Information Commissioner's website at www.ico.gov.uk.
Please note, as well as IMechE’s main website, imeche.org, this policy applies to all public web domains and subdomains operated by IMechE:
www.onebirdcagewalk.com
www.sonaspection.com
argyllruane.imeche.org.
Privacy
IMechE may process your personal data including; your
contact details
areas of engineering interest
payment data
details of academic record and employment experience or history
order and delivery data
in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018 (“Act”), and the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").
Please note, we will not process or store the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age, unless consent is given or authorised by the holder of parental responsibility.
How we use your personal data
IMechE may use your personal data in the following ways:
To process membership applications and renewals and for all other membership administration
Member grade application – processing of personal data (completed application form, details of previous experience, qualifications, references etc. as stipulated by IMechE) in order to assess your application. This may include the processing of your personal information by third party experts / Assessors and Examiners
To provide you with critically important information about your membership or the Institution
To provide Support Network with access to your personal Information in accordance with your member eligibility
To undertake other services or to provide products that you have requested from the organisation - for example: training or examination applications and renewals, event booking administration, venue booking administration, merchandise orders.
To conduct service administration e.g. issue password reminders , or to notify you that a particular IMechE service, activity or content has been changed, suspended for maintenance, or is otherwise not able to be used or consumed as expected
To carry out our obligations arising from any other contracts or agreements entered into between you and IMechE.
Do we use your personal data for marketing purposes?
Based on your consent preferences we will provide you with information that you have requested about the Institution e.g. engineering news, products or services; to invite you to participate in surveys or discussions; or to share with you any other content relevant to your membership or stated preferences.
IMechE may permit selected third parties to use your data to provide you with information about goods and services which will be beneficial to you, if you have given your explicit consent for it to do so. If at any time you no longer wish your contact details to be shared for marketing purposes, you can simply let IMechE know using the information in the ‘Your Rights’ section below.
IMechE collects information about users of the website for the following reasons:
To help IMechE improve the website and the services
it offers
to obtain aggregated statistics
To help IMechE achieve its constitutional purposes
IMechE will monitor and review (in a manner proportionate to the size and nature of the Institute) on a regular basis, equality data to measure the effectiveness of our Equality and Diversity policy. Monitoring information will always be used in anonymous ways and treated with the highest level of confidentiality. In particular, IMechE will, as appropriate, monitor and record sensitive information such as the age, sexual orientation, religion, gender, and ethnic composition of members/ volunteers, employees, applicants and contractors.
Please note that telephone calls to IMechE may be monitored or recorded for training purposes.
Disclosure of your information
IMechE will only disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent if it is;
under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or
in order to enforce or apply the terms and conditions of supply and other agreements or
to protect the rights, property, or safety of IMechE, its members or others or
for the purposes of fraud prevention and credit risk reduction.
IMechE may disclose your personal information to any of its wholly owned subsidiaries.
Your rights
You are entitled to see copies of all personal data held by us and to request an amendment, correction or deletion of such data. You can also ask that your data be limited, restricted or object to the processing of your data. Registered IMechE Website users can log into the My Account section, My Profile page, to manage various opt-in and opt-out options.
If you gave us your consent to use your data, e.g. so that we can send you marketing emails, you may withdraw your consent. Information about how to stop receiving marketing communications is set out under the heading ‘Your right to prevent marketing’.
Please note that even if you withdraw your consent, we can still rely on the consent you gave as the lawful basis for processing your data before you withdrew your consent.
You can object to our use of your data where we rely on our legitimate interests to do so.
To raise any objections or to exercise any of your rights, you can send an email to the Data Protection Officer or write to us (details above).
When you get in touch, we will come back to you as soon as possible and where possible within one month.
Subject Access Requests
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) grants you (hereinafter referred to as the “data subject”) the right to access particular personal data that we hold about you. This is referred to as a subject access request. You will need to complete an application form (available on request, as detailed below). We normally respond to subject access requests within one month, however exceptions may apply.
Your right to access your information
The Act and GDPR give you the right to access information held about you. All subject Access rights may be exercised in accordance with the Act by writing to the Data Protection Officer at IMechE, 1 Birdcage Walk, London SW1H 9JJ or emailing DPO@imeche.org.
Any access request is normally free of charge, however a fee of £10 fee may be required in exceptional circumstances and this will communicated to you upon request.
How long do we keep your information?
IMechE will not retain personal data that we process for any specific purpose for any longer than is necessary to carry out the agreed purpose.
Your right to prevent marketing
IMechE will always actively seek your consent for marketing purposes and only send you marketing communications if you have given your consent. You always have the right to change your preferences and require that IMechE does not process your personal data for marketing purposes.
Contact details to change opt-in and opt-out preferences
You can exercise this right at any time by
visiting the preferences section of your online account
writing to IMechE Data Protection Officer, 1 Birdcage Walk, London SW1H 9JJ or
sending an email to DPO@imeche.org. All marketing email from IMechE carries a link in the footer, through which you can unsubscribe from any or all marketing emails.
IP addresses and cookies
This Website may automatically collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual. This data is primarily used for:
helping IMechE improve Websites, digital products, or other services IMechE offers;
providing statistics to help IMechE achieve its constitutional purposes;
an estimation of audience size and usage patterns;
to store preferences information to allow for website customising, and;
to recognise members’ or customers' log in details for return visits to IMechE website.
Information about your general internet usage is collected by using a ‘cookie’ file that is stored on your computer. Cookies help IMechE to improve this Website and to deliver a better and more personalised service. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the relevant setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to optimally use certain parts of our site. IMechE websites will issue cookies when you visit them, unless you have adjusted your browser settings to decline them.
Data security
Your data may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for IMechE or for one of our suppliers. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. IMechE will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where IMechE has given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. IMechE request that you do not share a password with anyone.
The transmission of information via the internet is not always secure. IMechE will protect your personal data in accordance with current best practice but, it cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once IMechE has received your information, it will use procedures and security features to minimise the likelihood of unauthorised access.
Third party websites
This Website contains links to other websites not operated by IMechE and that are outside its control. IMechE accepts no responsibility whatsoever for these websites or their content.
Copyright and use of content
Unless stated otherwise, copyright and other intellectual property rights in the contents ("Contents") of IMechE websites are owned by, or licensed to, IMechE. You may only print (or download ) the Contents for the purpose of private and personal non-commercial use, and may not otherwise copy, reproduce, distribute, republish, download, display, post or transmit, in any form whatsoever, or by any means, the contents without the express permission of IMechE (Please see "Further Inquiry").
The Contents of IMechE websites are for general information only. The contents are not intended to address specific requirements or form specific advice. IMechE gives no warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or fitness for purpose of the Contents or for keeping the Contents up-to-date and accepts no liability resulting from your use of the Contents.
Exclusion of liability
IMechE does not accept liability of any description, including liability for negligence (except for personal injury or death), or any damages or losses (including, but not limited to, indirect or consequential loss, or loss of business, revenue, profits, use or opportunity) howsoever arising from your use (or inability to use) IMechE websites or the Contents.
Governing law
This Website and these Terms are governed exclusively by English law and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England & Wales.
Policy changes
This Privacy Policy is reviewed periodically to make sure that we continue to meet the highest standards, meet legal requirements and protect your privacy.
IMechE is a registered charity no. 206882.
Have a question?
If you any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy please contact:
The Data Protection Officer
1 Birdcage Walk
London
SW1H 9JJ
DPO@imeche.org
<![endif]-->