http://www.opticsexpress.org/library/covid-19-policy.cfm
Expand this Topic
clickable element to expand a topic
Login or Create Account
This website uses cookies to deliver some of our products and services as well as for analytics and to provide you a more personalized experience. Click here to learn more. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies. We've also updated our Privacy Notice. Click here to see what's new.
Allow All Cookies
×
Learn more about our response to COVID-19 including information for authors, reviewers, readers, and librarians
« Back to Library Resource Center Home
Remote Access Options:
As we all adjust to a new reality, we wanted to let you know that we are committed to working with you and your patrons to navigate the various challenges that have resulted from COVID-19.
We recognize, for example, that some of your patrons may be having difficulty accessing our content as your university's network capacity has been taxed by a larger than normal number of remote users.
To help overcome this, we have implemented a number of remote access options as follows:
Federated Authentication: OSA has significantly expanded the number of federated authentication options, often referred to as "Shibboleth" or "OpenAthens," available to our subscribers via eduGAIN. As federated authentication delivers content directly from OSA to your logged-in patron working off-campus, it does not rely on your university's network, and therefore it utilizes minimal network capacity.
If you are part of one of the federations that has joined eduGAIN and would like to provide your patrons with federated access to OSA's content via that group, please contact us at elec@osa.org with the following information, and we will work with you promptly to implement this solution for your university:
Your institution's name
Institution's Entity ID
Contact person's name
Contact person's email
Google Scholar CASA (Campus Activated Subscriber Access): Another remote access option for your patrons to use is Google CASA.
With this method, researchers who have authenticated on your institutional network within the last 30 days can easily download content published by OSA via a search on Google Scholar.
Once an article is selected from Google Scholar, Google CASA places a secure token on your patron's device to enable seamless access to our content.
Copyright Clearance Center (CCC) Education Continuity License: OSA is working with the CCC to authorize educators with a way to easily acquire the rights to use our copyrighted materials in their distance learning models during the pandemic.
At the launch, the program will be specific to U.S. based educators.
Once in place, though, our goal is to quickly work with the CCC to enable educators across the globe to acquire the same type of limited term license for educational purposes.
Print Issue Delivery
OSA has been actively working with our printing and shipping partners to ensure the continued distribution of our print journals.
As a result of many university and postal office closures around the globe and a decrease in the number of flights available to transport our journal issues to certain regions, our shipper shares that there will be some delivery delays.
For those in Europe, we anticipate that there will be a 4-5 week delay in receiving journal issues. For all other parts of the world, we expect that there will be a 2-3 week lag in journal issues being delivered.
We recognize that some universities are not able to receive mail at this time. If your university has temporarily closed its mail room operations, please send us an email at elec@osa.org so that we can put a hold on your account until such time as it is possible for you to receive mail again.
Updated Claims Policy
As a result of print issue delivery being delayed, we will temporarily be extending our claims policy.
From 15 March 2020 onward, missing issue claims will be honored if they are received within four and a half months of the publication date for a specific issue of an individual journal. Please allow 10-12 weeks for print copies to arrive at your library before submitting a claim to OSA at claims@osa.org.
Products & Pricing
2021 Prices
2021 Catalog
Single Article Pricing (PPV)
Extended Backfile Policy
New Products and Policies
Digital Archive Products
Manage My Account
Access COUNTER Reports
OSA Guide to COUNTER 5 Reporting
Update IP Addresses
OSA Claims Policy
Add and Remove Account Contacts
View my Library's Subscriptions
OpenURL Resolver
OpenAthens
Rights, Permissions, & Licensing
OSA License Agreement
OSA Digital Archive License Addendum
Permissions Policy
Journal Article Reuse Licenses
Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Historical ISSNs
Coverage and Bibliographical Data
Tutorial: Searching the OSA Publishing Digital Library
COVID-19 Updates and Policy Changes
Open Access Information
Open Access Statement and Policy
Open Access Pricing
Copyright Transfer and Licensing Information
Terms for Journal Article Reuse
OSA Article Deposit Policies
OSA Statement on Plan S
Home
To Top
My Favorites
Go to My Account
Login to access favorites
Recent Pages
×
Field Error
Ok
Select
as filters
Select Topics
Cancel
Journals
Conferences
By Year
By Name
Regional Sites
OSA Publishing China
Information for
Authors
Reviewers
Librarians
Open Access Information
Open Access Statement and Policy
Terms for Journal Article Reuse
Other Resources
OSAP Bookshelf
OIDA Reports
Optics & Photonics News
Optics ImageBank
Spotlight on Optics
Regional Sites
OSA Publishing China
About
About OSA Publishing
About My Account
Contact Us
Send Us Feedback
© Copyright 2020 | The Optical Society. All Rights Reserved
Privacy | Terms of Use
×
Login or Create Account
Please wait...
Email
Password
Forgot your password?
Remember me on this computer
Login
Cancel
Institutional Login (OSA participates in eduGAIN)
China CARSI Member Access
China CAoS Member Access
OSA Privacy Policy
Need help?