https://www.sylab.com/menus/footer-menu/privacy.html
May we evaluate your use of our website to improve our offer and registering your interests?For this we use Google Analytics. For more information see our privacy policy.
Yes
Privacy StatementThe operators of these pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy. The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal information. As far as on our sides personal data (for example name, address or E-Mail addresses) are raised, this takes place, as far as possible, always on a volunteer basis. These data will not be disclosed to third parties without your explicit consent. Please note that data transmission over the Internet (for example, when communicating via e-mail) may have security vulnerabilities. A complete protection of the data from access by third parties is not possible.
Cookies The internet pages partly use so-called cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and stored by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies". They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them. These cookies allow us to recognize your browser the next time you visit. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and allow cookies only in individual cases, the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or generally exclude and enable the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
Server log files The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are: * Browser type / Browser version * Operating system used * Referrer URL * Host name of the accessing computer * Time of server request This data can not be assigned to specific persons. A merge of this data with other data sources will not be done. We reserve the right to check this data retrospectively, if we become aware of specific indications for illegal use. contact form If you send us inquiries via the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored in order to process the request and in case of follow-up questions. We do not share this information with third parties without your consent.
Google Analytics Our website (www.sylab.com) uses Google Analytics, including the features of Universal Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). We do not use any advertising functions and no cross-device tracking of your data via user ID. Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. IP anonymization (IP masking): Due to the not yet clarified legal situation for the use of analysis tools with complete IP addresses, our website uses Google Analytics with the extension "_anonymizeIp ()". Your IP address will therefore be shortened by Google before further use within member states of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area and thus used only anonymously. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity, and to provide us with other services related to website activity and internet usage. The (shortened) IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other data provided by Google. You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the features of this website to the fullest extent possible. In addition, you may prevent the collection by Google of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google by using the link below (http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en) to download and install the available browser plugin. For more information about Google Analytics Terms of Service and Privacy, please visit https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/.
Information, cancellation, blocking At any time you have the right to free information about your stored personal data, their origin and recipient and the purpose of the data processing and a right to correct, block or delete this data. For further information on personal data you can contact us at any time at datenschutzsylabcom Contradiction advertising emails: The use of published under the imprint obligation contact information for the transmission of not explicitly stated
to top