http://www.jaxzoo.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Close
Home
Visit
Plan Your Visit
Re-Opening Information
Zoo and Gardens Map
Offers
Mobility & Stroller Rentals
FAQ
Explore
Animal Exhibits
Animal Listing
Animal List
Gardens
Wellness
Art at the Zoo
Learn
Education
Kid & Family Programs
Family Early Childhood
Outdoor Explore!
Zoo Camps
Homeschool Zoocademy
School and Group Programs
Self-Guided Zoo Field Trips
Onsite School Programs
Zoo to You Outreach
After Dark Adventures
Student Conservation Programs
Group Early Childhood Education
Scout Programs
Guided Zoo Tours
Virtual Programs
Virtual Kid & Family Programs
Virtual School & Group Programs
Parent & Teacher Resources
Educator Resources
Zoo Career Awareness Days
Scavenger Hunts
Teens
W.I.L.D. Program
ZooTeens!
Adults
AIP - Master's Program
Volunteer
Blog
At-Home Activities
Conservation
Conservation
Central American River Turtle
GRACE
International Rhino Foundation
Lola ya Bonobo
Manatee Rescue and Rehab
Okapi Conservation Project
Orchids
Rupununi Wildlife Research Unit
Striped Newt
Wood Storks
Events
Events
Event Calendar
ZOOLights
Brew at the Zoo
Birthday Parties at the Zoo
Interest Form - Birthday Party
Do It Yourself Birthday
Virtual Birthday
Catering in the Wild
Micro Weddings
Support
Support
Ways to Give
Donate
Animal Adoption
Bricks and Benches
Wishlist
Legacy Society
Chip in for Youth
Corporations
Business Partners
Corporate Sponsors
Get Involved
Volunteer
Internships
Travel with the Zoo
Green Team
Heart of the Zoo Society
Wild Things
Membership
CARES Act Tax Benefits
CLOSE
Site Search
Search
Enter a search request and press enter. Press Esc or the X to close.
Privacy Policy
Home Privacy Policy
In This Section
About
Contact
Join Our Team
Board
Privacy Policy
ADA Info
Press
Purpose
This Privacy Policy (this "Privacy Policy") applies to the Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens’ website located at www.jacksonvillezoo.org (this "Site”) as well as data collected internally through forms and other documents. This Privacy Policy describes the Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens’ collection, use, and disclosure of personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies whether you complete a required form or access or use the Site via personal computer, mobile device or otherwise. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected internally and through this Site and does not cover any information collected by any websites to which we link.
This Privacy Policy is designed to explain our policies and procedures with respect of collection, use, and disclosure of information about you in connection with the our internal data, website, and web store. This Privacy Policy has a limited scope and applies only the afore mentioned areas.
The Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens takes every precaution to protect the information of our users. This includes online data that is collected through our website, our secure e-commerce system, any related online shops, e-newsletter registration, and offline, both on computers and on paper. We will never ask you for your social security number, sex, race, national origin, or disability, and we will never sell or share your information with other organizations.
Security
All of our users’ information, not just sensitive information, is restricted in our offices and computer systems. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. All employees are trained and kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Our employees are notified and reminded regularly about the importance we place on privacy and what they can do to ensure our users’ information is protected.
We utilize both online and offline security methods, including firewalls, passwords, and restricted physical access to the places where your information is stored to help protect personally identifiable information. The servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, in a locked facility.
Type of Information Actively Collected
At various times, we may collect personal information from guests, members, and website users. Such information may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, and other information based on your interaction type.
Furthermore, for a purchase made through the Zoo’s secure e-commerce site or the Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens’ online shop, a user may be required to provide additional information such as your credit card number, expiration date, and billing information. Credit card information is not stored and is only used for the transaction process.
Type of Information Passively Collected
In addition to the information which users actively provide to the Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens noted above, the Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens also collects information about how users interact with the Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens website. We collect passive information for purposes such as (1) testing and improving user experience with the Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens website, (2) the compilation of demographic data and related usage information for internal purposes, and (3) for disclosure to third parties such as advertisers and business partners.
The types of passive information we collect includes, without limitation, certain standard information sent by your Internet browser, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your device ID, your browser type and capabilities and language, your operating system, the date and time you access the our website, and the referring website from which you linked to the website. We also collect information related to pages viewed, links clicked, and other actions taken while on the website. We also may utilize special links, electronic images, or other objects embedded within the website (sometimes referred to as web beacons or tracking pixels) to collect information that helps determine and analyze how you and other visitors use the website.
If you have provided us with personal information through voluntary means, we may connect your personal information with passive information collected through the website and use the combined information to help determine your potential interests in certain products, services, or information and for other purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
E-Commerce
Most e-commerce transactions between an online user and the Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens are on our secure e-commerce site, managed by a company called Gateway Ticketing Systems. We collect personal information during a transaction including but not limited to name, address, credit card information (for transaction purposes), as well as information that may pertain to membership holders such as family names and birth dates.
No credit card data is retained on any purchase and are solely used to complete the transaction at the time of purchase. All other information is stored for future use including communications with members and marketing communications. This data is accessible on an as needed basis to individuals who require such information to perform their job duties. This information may be shared with a third-party vendor for marketing purposes and is never sold or resold.
E-Newsletter Registration
If you are interested in signing up to receive our weekly newsletter, you are welcome to sign up through our website. We use Constant Contact as an email provider, and we collect your first name, last name, and email address if you would like to sign up for our newsletter. This information is password-protected on Constant Contact’s website. If you wish to opt-out at any time, we provide a link in every email for you to do so.
Internet Hyperlinks
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the information collected by us online through our website and does not apply to any website, application, or service other than our website. The website contains hyperlinks to other websites, applications, and services provided by third parties that we do not own or control. The Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of those third-party websites, applications, and services. Similarly, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of any other websites, applications, and services from which you linked to our website. We encourage you to be aware when you leave or stop using the Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens website and to read the privacy policies of each and every third party that may be providing websites, applications, or information linked to our website.
Web Forms
We use forms on our website for many purposes, including but not limited to registration forms, event inquiries, membership donations, internship applications, or even to give you an opportunity to ask us general questions. When you submit information through a form, it is stored in a database on our web server that can only be accessed by staff that we designate and train. A copy of the form may also, depending on which form it is, be sent to the email address of the staff member collecting the information.
Web Analytics
In order to make our website the best it can be, we analyze information from site users to help us learn how people are using the site, if they are using a mobile device, a desktop computer, or visiting from a certain part of the world. We use the industry standard tool for web analysis, called Google Analytics. This information helps us constantly improve our site and better serve our guests. Google Analytics uses HTTP Cookies, a small piece of data stored in your web browser, to “remember” what a user has done on previous pages/interactions with the website. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information about the user.
Other Provisions
Your use of the Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens’ website indicates an acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to update or amend this Privacy Policy at any time. We will post any revised version of this Privacy Policy on our website, and we encourage you to refer to it on a regular basis. The changes contained in any such revised version of this Privacy Policy will be effective from the time such revised version is posted unless otherwise specifically stated therein.
This Privacy Policy does not create or confer upon any individual any rights, or impose upon the Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens any rights or obligations outside of, or in addition to, any rights or obligations imposed by the privacy laws of such individual’s jurisdiction, as applicable. Privacy legislation and an individual’s right to privacy may differ from one jurisdiction to another. The rights and obligations described in this Privacy Policy may not apply to all individuals or in all jurisdictions. Should there be, in a specific case, any inconsistency between this Privacy Policy and the applicable privacy laws of such individual’s jurisdiction, this Privacy Policy shall be interpreted, in respect of that case, to give effect to, and comply with, such privacy laws.
Please be aware that, by accessing our website, you acknowledge that our servers are currently located in the State of Florida and that the various communications may necessarily result in the transfer of information across state and international boundaries. By accessing the website and communicating electronically with us, you consent to the processing and transfer of your personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy. By choosing to access the website, you consent to any such transfer, storage, or processing of personal data outside of your state or country.
Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens’ Children’s Privacy Policy
This Site is a general audience website that does not knowingly collect information from children younger than age 13 ("Children", and each, a "Child"). However, this Site allows parents to register their Children for various educational programs by providing us with a Child's name and birth date. Therefore, Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens provides this Children's Privacy Policy to explain the information it collects about Children, how that information is used, and additional information for parents and legal guardians (collectively, "Parents") with regard to information collected by Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens.
Information Collected
The Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens does not generally collect personally identifiable information from Children (for example, first and last name, mailing address or telephone number). However, we may ask Parents to disclose the first and last name and birth date of a Child for one-time use of that information, such as to register a Child for an educational program offered by Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens. After the Child's online information is used to fulfill the specific one-time purpose, such as attending and completing the educational program, we will delete the Child's information from our records and will not use it to contact the Child. Please note that we do not condition a Child's participation in any activity on the Parent or Child disclosing more than is reasonably necessary to participate in such activity.
Disclosure of Children’s Personal Information
We do not disclose Children's personal information to third parties, except to service providers who provide support for the internal operations of this Site and who do not disclose or use the personal information for any other purpose. These service providers may provide support services such as hosting this Site, designing or operating this Site's features, tracking Site analytics or performing other administrative services. We may provide these companies with access to your Children's information in order for them to carry out the services they are performing for your Child on our behalf. These service providers have agreed to maintain the confidentiality, security and integrity of the personal information they obtain from us.
Parent’s Rights
Parents have the right to review and request that this Site delete any personal information that we have collected and retained about their Child. This Site does not typically retain personal information collected about Children through this Site, but rather, deletes the information after using the information once for the purpose it was collected. However, if you would like to request that we delete any personal information we may have about your Child (for example, prior to our one-time use) or you would like us to refuse to allow any further collection or use of your Child's information please contact us as described in the following section.
Contact Us
Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens is the operator of this Site and questions regarding this Privacy Policy and use of Children's personal information should be directed to us via any of the following methods: Mailing address: 370 Zoo Parkway, Jacksonville, FL 32218 Telephone number: (904) 757-4463 E-mail address: info@jacksonvillezoo.org
Changes to Children’s Privacy Policy
Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy. However, we will use any Children's personal information in accordance with the Privacy Policy posted at the time of collection, and will obtain parental consent prior to using or disclosing such information in a manner materially different from the Privacy Policy posted at the time of collection.
I Accept
This site uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. If you continue using our website, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on this website and you agree to our Privacy Policy.